i'll give it a shot next time she's online :)
ty hon! :) how is the king today?
i'd heard a variation of it years ago with 'darren day'. thought i'd bring it up to date :-)
thanks so much for the #ffs! : )
at 12 :d hehe u gonna be up
4music now telephone!! :)
happy good friday and weekend everyone! haven't said much lately, been busy. going to have a nice easter w/ fam, and the new baaaby :)
thanks for the :)
yeah boi! they're ok :d
i'm from arkansas, you? alright, let me send you the link! :d
i used to have 9 holes in each ear, till soph yr of college! like a freaking golf course :) i pierced ears claire's parttime.
i hope we will give all 3. once again: tomorrow 3.15pm ww time, server: filorat, room: town. good night :)
thnx! #ff :)
that's a hotasspic :)
follow me back? :)
youe welcome :)
19oo followerz strong!! thanks for following me! now it's time to return the favor! i'm ready 2 follow you! :)
i might not have items, but we'll be there on may 2nd! :)
haha if you send me the picture you want it of :)
how about small lavender plants? we gave those out at our wedding & they were a huge hit. our guests planted them at home :-)
the prize tonight in trivia is her "believe" cd and mj's this is it book..stay tuned :)
just did unfollow friday!!!!! =) clean house
haha lk a msn! >.< forget it!! hru? :)
i dont no lol never got lost lol love simpsons and family guy :d
awesome :) im gud,very tired,was down in london all day friday,stood in line 4 2hrs for the dungeons! :o rainin 2 smh..wbu?xo
well .. i would start if u see him just say : hi to him and after a while u can talk to him at the lunch break or whatever :d
if i can make it to the panel, i will definitely go to the panel and ask him that for you. :d
true...but the mere fact it does arrive at all most times just baffles my mind... :-)
lovely to see you again, and btw your hubby is crazy! lol. hope you both had fun :)
may 3rd. just around the corner. :)
i told you babe, movie night at the crib!! imma dm you the addy :)
oh, no problem! and i should have my next chapter up in a minute. it was getting pretty long, lol :)
come see us in june and well reminisce :-)
bahahahaha thanks :)
anytime :)
followed :)
oh yeee (: so hii :)
#ff chiquis :-)
i ♥ listening to his musiq makes me happy! #nowplaying speeding off his new album ollusion =) =*
i'm glad. you need a damn black belt to protect you! :)
most welcome. follow me plz. :) #thanks for rts
thanks :) confetti is confusing tho! (i've been engaged for 9 years!)
30 mins till kickoff on bbc radio 1 :d check out this if ya wanna get warmed up ;)
the important thing is that it was a duck, right? :)
i think the twins in my picture are cuter than you pair :) but you 2 are still the coolest x
nine more weeks 'til festival! that doesn't seem like a lot, does it? :) #festivalgr
just chillen, waiting to go out :)
took flash to the park earlier. i think it was a little too warm for him or maybe he's just super lazy but he laid down mid-walk. :)
layin on the couch as i relax to my airplane playlist on my ipod :)
ayo. you don't have to love me. you don't even have to like me. but you will respect me. you know why? cause ima boss. :)
hanging out with :)
oh i'm sorry :(. well i was outside running for work lol but just happy to be out soaking up some vitamin :)
there you go :)
win kids choice gift bag from pny electronics, lipsmacker etc. & add :)
cool! :)
such a great list of some great houston friends! i'm also in nw houston & just wanted to say hi :)
thanks :)
yess!! found 1 hidden in the back of the fridge! happy day! -- great news!!! :)
can people get me 8000 tonight? ill help back :)
thanks for the #ff love :-)
thanks :)
mimosa's are the most hydrating beverage :)
thank you!! :)
it's on youtube :d
at least you'll have fun shoppin haha.. what u got goin on this weekend? thanks for the follow back :)
nice but i was talking about bubble bath :)
sweet, just got carded at the murphy jan jubb gallery :)
can u not take a joke or something? <----- was that supposed to be funny? ohhh remind me to laugh next time! :)
ha! i thought that too...either way, i'm calling "the kid" from now on :)
thank you for the #ff. i'm looking forward to the 16th! and thank you for the introduction! :-)
thanks! :) oookateooo the world should be aware that is actually dead nice
warm water :) my throat is scratching me ohhhhhh----what you swallow
thank you for the #ff :)
off to dinner at my usual friday night spot....love being a regular !!! :)
can i get dm now lol :)
i booked billy de klit for intents festival on 6th of june. are you coming too? :)
hows you ily mike you will never know how amazing amazing you are :d xxx
congrats! love the title. :)
ur welcome sis :)
people that have a brain wouldn't :)
happy weekend everyone! remember to makes some time for yourself, to unwind, relax and enjoy :)

dan...
gallantry is always appreciated :)
#ff family treee :) »»»
if you're interested in helping out, dm me for deets :)
on rsvpgallery.com !! :)
bee got me a hershey's bar today :)
i said okay. :)
thanks and everyone else that rt'd my snow pics :)
gooood :)
your xbox missed you. make sure you follow us on twitter : ) we can help if you ever need a hand with your xbox ^jm
lol me too, mkay i'll miss you haha :)
10yo daughter came home with her report card today. she got straight a's for the first time. i couldn't be more proud of her. =)
ha ha. love your spin. myspace is like junior prom too! :-)
nah, you just pointed out a good follow i'd missed :-)
more accurately, a sugar daddy figure. :) "journalism is looking for a daddy figure."
that's what i'm doing :)
i forgot to do ff. sorry guys. thanks for all the love :)
thank you(: i only need 5 til 1,000 :d
i swear always look out for me... till next week hun! :-) we family
im so proud of you ;) rt i still haven't eaten my creme egg :d
