that's where i watched too! love netflix stream... it's how i watch tv shows these days. :)
lmao :) i disliked your response, but i will put it aside .
surrounded by republicans. :-)
you're welcome! :)
b4 i hit da sheets i want every1 2 follow my sista n wish my baby a happy birthdayyyyyy =)
right back at 'cha, dave. :)
super tired. going to bed! i loove my twitter sister :d night.!
also? very good episode of #sgu tonight. season premiere! :) the fate of rush was revealed. quite surprising! can't wait for more eps!
please, plase, ahoutout4ahoutout? :d
about to listen now, with some tea and corn. :)
your welcome :) thanks a lº°˚˚°ºt mitch! hihi kamu baik sekali ;)
hey ....thnx for much for the support and fllw ...i will check out your music #winks #peace =)
twitter update: goooooood morning twitter :d #juststfu
no prob :) thanks bb!
at delhi airport to go to cal...potential for a super dull trip..subconsciously tried missing flight i think.. :)
thanks so much!! :) and thanks for the follow!
nah it's not your fault :)
thanks for #ff :-)
and i heart my michigan :) you are. i heart my irish.
to go out...or not to go out...that is the question. :) <- life is short! enjoy! #livelife
okay since i love you guys i'll do livechat right now. hold on a sec :)
flat, straight bars and a new front brake for my fixed gear :) very nice!
i agree, but in victoria we usually have a decent bit of warning first. :-)
happy birthday!!!!!!!!!!! i know i'm not donnie but still... :)
qood niqht ; lonq day ahead of me 2marrrro :)
(<_<) hmmm... no comment :-)
great, now i'm offended. :)
okay! :) <3
hahaa oooo i likeee your name :d haha
yeah i hope too! :)
why hate on ya if i know im better :)
finally home! had a great day :)
; thank you :)
they're sexyy theres 1 a few houses down from me :)
y'all can fight over him... you know who my man is. :) lol although i do like that song, i've hear it before
congrats andi...& prayers 4 all! :-) thanks but i was mostly support. congrats go to new mom
thank u so much!! tu wapas aa ja, party karte hai, bournvita piyenge :)
please follow me back..i'm going to be your mother-in-law you know! :-)
why am i always in such a good mood after spendin the day with my girl p / feeling loads of good energy right now :) :)
indeedy :)
such a shame! i already paid my soul and 20 grand a year, don't i deserve a free cap & gown?! :)
someone remind me tomorrow of these two things: 1. post grad 2. whip it k-thanks! :)
goodnight y'all! i'm tired. :) peace out homes.
very good! :-)
thinkkin 0f yhu && shit =) lmao
:) ...here for a week..will plan a fatafat-meetup :)
im good :) but why u feel terrible?!?
kk i followed you on all of them!! :)
that cupcake looks yuuuuuummy!! :)
no, seriously. that stuff is expensive! :( + :) = ipad
lololol agree but can u warn ppl in advance yr tweet doesn't exactly help the breakfast go down :)
i think ill do it now. one sec :)
dude! that's like the coolest thing to say! thanks so much =] #ff she is awesome & her tweets make me laugh =)
i'm sooo proud of you! :) <3
go here: let me know what you think! :d
let me sleep happily #lakers .. you can beat them easily :)
i'm going to go to bed! i'll talk to you later! :) goodnight!
kayyy now actually goodnight xox....practice in the morning. be back tmrw sometime :)
coffee! thank u on the run (this is not a paid advertisement :)
lmco yezzir! he'd be so proud of me lol, and aww thank you :d
insya allah yupss jam brp? welcome :) iya hehew bisa tak? thanks ya rishaaw ;) emg ntar rapat?
salmon ? eww no fish, 'sides lent is almost over, noone will eat fish for months :d
hey :)
yang mau gue follow ya! 20 orang aja (bantu dong yg baik) :)
no, i like instant gratification! :) life's too short!
guess who's as cute as a button?... you are :)
the last song :d miley always makes me feel better
:)
yummmm thanks :)
jannat comin 2nignt at 7pm on mtv .. wow did not know dat mtv music channel has started showing movies too :)
thanks! we cereblated our api's for typepad. that's awesom. don't you? :)
you're welcome :-)
i love pennsylvania in the fall. so beautiful. we have some color changes here in ga,but nothin as gorgeous as pa. :)
thanks so nice! i'm glad! :)
sooon :d im trying to put invideo snippets from videos, but its a little harder than i thought lol :)
hey, try and hack me. my password is mileyroxmahsox. try and hack me before i change it! :d
happy birthdayy! i hope you had a wonderful dayy :)
#ff cool, funny & sports fan :)
hard day at the office =)
that doesn't happen with level-headed davey. come see me play at beat kitchen on the 18th, then we'll talk. :)
same to you!!! meeee tooooo!! very pretty girl! :) <------------ loves newwww pictures
if you have ever had a dream you were dating a #jonasbrother <3 :)
just for you my naturally curly hair :)
they're all so creative, i got a few chuckles out of these :)
i'd say let them unfollow you. makes room for us people who don't discriminate against ipad updaters :d
that must have been harrowing. i'm glad you got it solved. and now you have a new pump you won't use for 50 years. :-)
skyping with :) in fl!! <3 == yay.
yay u reached up to 100 followers =)
no more c-tran :( no more fredrick douglas driving :d
▸kaleuum lan!udin tuh iyaaa atuuh ! tentang rasa hehheehe! :) rt@rendharais: request lagu nya
it's like faceyourmanga or something... been a while :)
how's your experience with google buzz so far? :)
*swims to where you are, starts digging through compartments, pulls out two black and red capes* found some! :d *hands you one*
thank goodness finally hit 500 followers. now he can start tweeting about something else. like sandwiches. :)
bored? ask me something =)
i am :)
yeah, we're lovin it! :)
i love that #jonasbrothers is still a #1 trending topic. :)
i think overthinking is part of infj code. :)
#ff yet? :)
#ff so goofed and left u off my #ff earlier today! follow girl ~ :)
can u follow me back barb? : )
that's what i'm screaming! :) this shit bettah be good wahlberg! i don't stay up this late for just anyone ;)
chinese food for lunch can only mean one thing in my family. happy birthday to my awesome brother cp quillamor! :)
fact #69: justin loves his penis :) thats why he touches it a lot.. sorry it was number 69 i had to do it!
whas up? :)
just the chicken. no mie, no carbs :) enak banget yee ... re: bakmi alok
lol ty--> =) #ff theyre great tweeple i fucking digg!
u 2!!! have a blessed happy easter & good friday :) new easter song at www.nightofeaster.webs.com
the curve 2. it's the one without the trackball and i love it :)
enjoy it and tell them folks to stfu lol----yell em :)
that's called "liit-o-genic" my friend :) take it for what it is and don't try to "enlarge" it :)
follow back? :)
im already following you lol so can u please follow dejariley :)
u2 brian great seeing you & today mate, how was your lunch!? cheers my friend have a great weekend! :)
just re-watched fight night at the joe, do you always roll up your sleeves before a good fight? :)
thank you! i'll be fine. happy easter :)
just let me know =)
luvin the new icon ! -- gracias :)
made my signature mushroom salad. now everything in a five mile radius stinks of garlic and lemon juice :)
ahah he means alot to her did she tell u they have tlked since 08 when he first created his yt..u both are friends w.him :)
watching some of my favorite episodes of the twilight zone!! i ♥ this series!! it's late, so im going to bed in a few.... :)
< u on vaca? vaca 4m school? wat class is ur hmwk n? that's good 2 hear glad u had fun...im awesome baby girl thx 4 askin :) <3
yeah i'm sure! i better go to bed though! i have to get up early!ill talk to you later! goodnight! :)
should i try n go over my limit again in 10 minutes like yesterday?! everyone whos on should tweet me so i can. :)
kt ulang yuk!!! :) kpn km ngga sibuk? hrs bgt nih! hiks i lost u.. miss our crazy times! miss our silliness ☹
have fun and make sure u act refine this weekend.... then back to the real life monday :)
nooo thank you for the follow beautiful! :)
follow... :d great album for sure.
thanks for following me :)
ya it was good!!!!!! :d
sweet giveaway & feature... :)
spammmmm meeeee wit questions!! :)
don't forget culottes! always a nice choice too. :)
loved one perfect rose. great hero. touching story. had tears in my eyes once or twice. happy ending. sigh. :)
thx so much and followed :d
hi guys!! :)
thx!!..=) best of luck to , taufikbatisah, for tonight! :d
i cant wait! :d
#jonasbrothers i am their number 1 fan!!! =)
okay, thanks! :) i'll let you know if i can or not.
baby baby baby oh :)
okkk imma let my ipod charqee! i've been on it all day x) i'll bbl (: & try to reach my goal of 1030 :) well payce <3
what's up, chica? what's the icky poo poo? i hope you have sunshine and rainbows and lollipops from now on. :)
selling it u want to buy? :) [though i so intend to wait for 3g ipad]
hey ...we only goof around here...it makes dr. charlie smile...haaaa :) we just busted him for being a player so funning him.
there's one in sf? we so have to go there! :)
just worked out. now watchin tv with my puppy dog =)
juz in case you missed it: click for 13 x good friday blogposts on toysrevil :)
cool, go for it :)
my friend did a cover of incomplete by backstreet boys.. comment, rate and subscribe pls :)
hahaha i definately remember.. but ill up you one!! mystikal unredictable with the puzzle pieces!! that was my shit!!! :-)
thats cute lol thanx u should add me queen-aveen :)
and by wet i mean with vodka...come on people...it's not time yet. :)
waking up early tomorrow to go to bestbuy & hopefully get the chance to buy an ipad! :)
can you refollow me please :)
love that is quoting every line from the movie i'm in :) hundreds of miles apart!<me too
acara naon sihh eta teh :)
we should make #jonasbrothers the number 1 tt everyday :)
ahaha it's soo cute :)
i told my mother last week that she was my first and best teacher. my success is owed to her & my failures are owed to disobeying her :)
haah well my name isn't ronnie :) that's miley's name from the last song <3.
haha. yeah that kind of thing doesn't bother me. :)
bought 2 work tables for my little studio today :d
logan's pretty awesome!!!!!!! i liked him in tonight's ep :) -tay
aww :) #ff of all dating bloggers that got me n2--these stood out! !!!
me too i am ready for wahlberg's tongue!!!! :d
#jonasbrothers are the best band everrrrr :)
i see my #warriors are winning :)
you are just beautiful...and what a voice...wow :)
it's okay :) dont worried.
it really is amazing. i re-fell in love with this city today. :)
layla!!! how've u been?? hope all is well.. :-)
wassup w. yall tho ??? =)
morniiing non, have a nice weekend :)
last minute #ff :) they're a video news site that moniters world coverage and puts it all together so we get the full story.
still trying to finish the book, but am happy to hear the movie is good. thanks for the info :)
the the kiddos like their easter gifts from & i? :) :) looks like you guys were having fun!
ha true :) this weeks eppy was good. damon looked hot!!! but he always does. ;)
lol, most excellent! i can't wait to see it :d
i am on :) heyy
on my way to :)
thanks dude :) happy easter for those of you twittils who celebrate it.. godblessu ☺
hahahahaha ! :d only 6 more for you.
thanks so nice! i'm glad! :) <== i mean that's! lol ;)
hahah btw, we the jonas fans are having fued with bieber fans. team #jonasbrothers ftw :d
ladies get your own personal shop of fitting and flattering clothing. =) #ad
bloodypalarva hey thanks for following :)
#ff hey there cutie, how goes things? always so properly dressed for all occasions ^_^
they totally do!! :d
i'll tell you feli's password for free. its : 'areyouthatstewpidcauseiwonttellya' psshh don't tell anyone! :d
wow! the did work today, with their #ff !!! :d
should i go back 2 same doctor? after script atlerfication allications? :)
are you following ? you may be able to catch a show when you're on the road. :)
not only do a have an amazingly talented and sexy husband, he also has excellent taste in desserts. :d :d
dunno, but they'll all be watching 'lost' on netflix! :)
i wish dis dramatic bitch would hurry up w my fruit punch n dutches...piff session is a must rite now =)
that sounds like a nucking great night :)
