thanks for the ff! :)
#lakers #lakers #lakers anyone to tlk ish on my timeline, unfollowed! i'm on an unfollow spree right now anyways ^_^
lol :)
wait till you taste my food, if i feel the need to use a cook book again :-) one christmas it was all thai food :-)
ohhh..you haven't bought your tix yet? and yees i am. <33 july 20th!! :d
feel free to talk to me 24/7!! :d
thanks evryone for the #ff & mentions ill get at u tmo! have gr8 nite :)
thank you :) i'm ready for easter! quack!!
anyone know what a "muslin" is? :)
wait! ill upload in about 1 1/2 hours :) im redoing to vid (maybe with me singing?) :)
love ya! #ff <---- people who bring a smile to my face :-)
follow!!!! 1 more till 600 :)
=) okay good night london luv
thank you :)
in that case, waiting the 6 weeks would be a good idea :) ^jm
so is his douchiness #anaheimducks #ducks parros!!! :) his mustache is getting thicker.
please follow they will follow you back :)
i found one of my doctors on the pfizer list of payments to doctors. i'm going to mention it next time i see him :) #fb
hi!! i'm good i'm waiting for some cupcakes to come out the oven!! :-) they are 4 easter tomorrow ;-)
very nice! :) what do u think of djdang? dj dan g plzkeep it mind its a sep acct for blipping is all
:) love you.
eu tbm :d
like my lighters? :d choose one (swizz beats voice) lol
hey girl! im having a mac liberty of london giveaway, help me out & rt? :)
wkwkwkwk :) oya? baiklah nanti gue coba...u really know a lot more than me #rambutrontokbikinsambel ;)
thank you very much!! :) loved your images in southasian bride mag. just stunning. congrats.
reuniteddddd with the bestie yaaaaaaay! its been too long :)
nepal is beautiful! i was thinking of the bike for you. :)
next time you think "it's not in the cards for me", remember, you get to shuffle the deck. :) #imt
#buttnaked dancing 2 "dip it low" while helping fantasia wit her spellinq test :)
he's a dog. it seems it's just intestinal inflammation. not an uncommon thing. he's got meds and will be just fine :-)
please follow they will follow you back :)
quebec nordiques was right by the way!! :) #flames (sorry i'm not tweeting as much as usual! wish u were here!) :)
no prob :) thanks for the #ff :)
was that the lord of the dance edition? :-)
the same as 16! hahaha. no, it's fun :)
sorry, haven't been on all dayy! been hanging with mah girls :d
new pic> << dayum brodie bro you keep your dreads fresh as shit!!! :) love it!
definitely! we could even hang out for a day! i should have my car by then. :-)
go ahead and follow after all he is a head of lettuce :) he just might become a "core" follower :) vid
thanks hun :)
oh please :p u can have her :) she keeps going justin bieber my husbend im going kid ur 3 she goes and ? :p
mending nyisain uang buat #javarockingland :)
you're welcome :)
should say better than the miz! the truth about you is that ... must see pic :)
thank you lady :)
ppl can't talk but they have far more acceptance than we do. also words r least accurate form of comunication. god bless! :-)
:) i wonder wad ppl on ur timeline are thinken readin dat! but its just love lmfao
lol thx :)
dude i lovee youu (no homo) of coursee i would sign it!!! lol :)
if u actually think the girl in the nlyg video is pretty. :)
haha yup its lunch timee :)
k cool(: well mine was like...1,900..but i think that's too much. xd what about...1,885? :)
:-) you're welcome! feeling bad is no fun...
lol!!! it doesn't suck. going to portland tomorrow so i have to save my energy for that! :-) are you happy to be home?
waste? waste you say? money can never be wasted on a decent burger and fries. :)
lol, it doesn't help that my boyfriend doesn't like to clean as much as i do.. :)
it looks scary. :)
sounds like u guys are having a great night =)
=) thanks buddy
omg.. u going to be at the boogie woogie finals! wish i could go! take a pic of what ur going to wear for me! :)
oh thank you so much and happy easter to you too!! thanks so much for thinking of me :d
#followorswallow cuz that's my #twitterboo and funny af :)
"goober"? i need to learn from you. so much better than "dumbass egg-sucking fascists." note to self: be all like subltle an' shiz :)
hey, thanks for the friend of the day post. : )
i hate the #oldspice commercials to =)
haha. :) & temple hills, md ;
request to me in that account haha. hope you feel better! :) clara
ooohhhh. those booths. when you said back i was picturing the side with the pool tables. i see your mental map now. :)
lmao i have nice hand writing for a lefty :) thats one difference we have lol
thanks 4 the follow fridays :)
here's a review. you're lucky as hell and i have no clue why they have guest judges if their votes don't count. ha :)
unity iphone 1.7 with ipad support!!! perfect timing for our app release :) #unity3d #ipad #iphone #vtda (via
i love you toooo :) we should skype later!
well ... that could be a possibility too. thought of adding "blog sucks" to list of reasons people don;t comment : )
:) fabulous! it's a great movie. very real, and quite heartfelt with perfect comedic timing... real "feel good" movie. lol
lol yeaah chizzz i was talking to u too :-)
hmm. tarzan's you'll be in my heart maybe? or cinderella's so this is love :)
completely understandable :-) hope u, cesar and the rest of the family are doing better :-)
please follow they will follow you back :)
thats yo type right? #shoutout2dagurlz who refuse to shave the twat >>> #teamwolfpussy :)
followed :)
so my homeboyz canceled they event tonight to come to ours lol i was waiting 4 that to happen lol :)
let get this straight, christians sexy but i wouldnt date him, for reasons. my heart belongs to another atl boy :)
that is horrible that someone would say these things to u! u are so worthy of a follow!! he'll get ya :)
yassss kelly!! :) show them how it's done!
ok! :)
1 follower? plz help :)
:) "how much you have to pay to fall in love with someone?", 2010, p.(35), jakarta:
guess what???? i love you too :)
happy easter to you too :d "the day the lord created hope was probably the same day he created spring. ~bern williams
.@zigzagpaz how wonderful for you :) i have my legwarmers for 1977
i deleted that tweet. ^_^ you should get a link this time around.
no ma'am...i would do more harm than good. maybe an early show sat/sun. i'd rather go w/ the older, smart people :-)
yes! we had to struggle to find it, but we did! and lauren vogel is also here! you should coooome :)
your welcomee :)
#peopleshould get lifted. :)
thank you :)
shoutouts for shoutouts? :)
u got ittttt :-)
ya close to the end...everyday i look forward talking to u and idk y ur just so awesome :d
wdigm 2 10:20 downtown gno :) tis all>>yeeeeeeesssssss!!!!!!
watching 2 movies 2day. it's complicated & a serious man. after that? hoping 2 have a not so complicated or serious talk w pals. :)
im online all the time :) woot!
hi, how can i contact you email from france? thanks in advance :) you're the best!!
thanks :) <<~~ follow asap xd
q:oh no... there is no cure for sugar! omb!! *gasps for air* ... a:bahhaah :d uhm .. idk haha
hahaha glad to hear it :d
follow back? :d
aww thank you :)
who wants to be on our #ff list? the first 10 people to retweet us will be promoted! :d
reply to me if ya wanna be followed. :)
ayyyyyye same 2 you 4 followin me! ur the best! =)
yes really :) my friends dad works for twitter and deals with his management :) they buy justin tts all the timeee :)
lol what about :d
aha! then you will indeed like steven brust very much. :d let me think... humorous fantasy...
#backintheday, there was no bieber, just the #jonasbrothers :)
:) thanks for adding my bag 2 your lovely #etsy treasury! #wwes
hey, will you please follow me back? :)
o_o this is my dick not ours or yours i can lend it to you but imma need it back right after ur finished ^_^
ahhhh glee is coming back april 13th!!!! ahh wat a great week that is :) *dances*
filling easter eggs w/@jessicaandnate if only it were a few thousand more it would feel like old times :-)
i'll just look forward to the return of eureka and warehouse 13 on :) and riverworld, and red, and caprica next fall. lol
im not calling anyone out, just expressing myself. don't take anything to heart =)
mmmm, sometimes i wonder. luckily, i believe god has a place for all of us when our time comes. :)
i completely understand. i figured you'd kick my ass for my tweet :)
can't wait for sunday! glad i got rid of the fake baseball fans! : )
hey twitter, sends his regards :d ^hi stay safe out there
lol :) really? let's get it lmfao!!
take pictures :)
enjoying saturday morning di bengkel, utk spooring si crowny, getting ready for cc launch bandung on monday.. have a nice day tweeps.. :)
everyone who wants to party with dm me !!! <<----- was on it :-)
perhaps let know we're thinking about album titles for the new! album. :-)
outspoken : )
pulling up to usc for the gear fest event. wait til they see my dress. gone b jockin my fresh :d
hey, i followed u too.. :) follow me back? :)
rt: "@xarenea, soooooo easy to press that "reject" button now" <--- thank the jerk movement =)
:) to u too lol
=) good. ;) what movie r u going to watch?
nope. we do not have that rule anymore. then again our airstaff is almost all women or women driven teams. :)
i was brought out against my will :d
yeah, it is! :-) god can use everything for his glory.
chequea tu history, q te he twitteao paaar de veces y coquí. pero no hay stress :)
thanx :) so are you!
are you at the black eyed peas show now? mazel tov! l'chaim! :)
=) .. i was in harlem shootin a vid today
followed! and thanks so much :)
around 11pm. lol dinner's at midnight :)
lol u already know i have a thing for weird dudes :d
cmonnn i know theres gotta be at least one thing on yourr mind :)
i freaking love #jonasbrothers :)
yea
s quite apparent lol he needs attention :) blech. you keep (cont)
yes :)
for the better, i hope. :)
thanks tabby. :)
haha okayy take your time :)
makasih.. hehe.. kak yaiii, happy birthday ya :)
follow !!!!!! thnx dude :)
lol so what!!!! look at my niece :) • your head's big lol
try amahi makes it much easier :)
lol! rendition of marilyn monroe's happy birthday is off the hook. :d
i do too! bout time i get sum new ones lol..how r u? :-)
well i'm still at work atm ^_^ but later on i'm going to a friend's 21st :p
welcome :) would u mind following & tell them i sent u? please :)
not one mention for 2 hrs :d
he needs attention :) blech. you keep rting that smug :p
here comes peter cottontail.... :-) the easter bunny called, said he was on his way 2---->@myatticstreasur...
my beverage of choice tonight is coke. as long as you don't mind, i'm happy to join you :)
happy birthday hun :)
wow just came back from reading and saw that #jonasbrothers was 1st on the tt <3 yayy it's where they belong :)
next time you think "it's not in the cards for me", remember, you get to shuffle the deck. :) #imt
if you want me to follow you back, just ask! :d
: ) xoxo when you're me, there's always a reason to smile.<i wanna second that
i think everyone in my family have met justin bieber my mom has my brother and sister i have obvs and my dad has :)
#ff thanks to you rock. =)
i generally try to avoid cursing on twitter. my boss and his boss are watching. :)
:d only cuz i love em.
lol as you will when we play that one on one :) i give up jenn shit lol
just me and my magic bag resting after a lonnnng day of training/cycling, and eating/drinking rewards :) county tomorrow!
idk how it works but i think #mileycyrus is almost trending! someone please tell me how to tell :)
i wont, :) ahaaahha
sure.. is followed.. :)
#nowplaying she likes me mii otha freakinn song =)
actually getting return this year :) 20 entire dollars from the generous state of kansas (lol) too bad the feds want a lot more than that.
9 more people follllow right now pleaseee!! ill give you 5 shoutouts! :) soo goo!.
i swear, if you bieblers copy us jonas fans by doing a trending topic like #jonasbrothers, i will hate justin. :d
ahh, i see it! :) i'll pop it in the microwave for you?
you don't need a friend we'll be your friends abhaha. i mean the more the better obviously :)
thanks darla. : )
btw i'm harpreet kaur, 13, and live in nj. if u haven't noticed i luv :)
retweet if you are an oversized bunny who likes to break into & ransack people's houses & leave candy for little kids like a petaphile! :d
* gasp * just that fast ? you musta realized where you really shoulda been huh ? lol :)
thanks :)
follow my amazing twestiee! :) even though she didnt my tweet i told her too.. :)
thanks for the follow :) how are you today?
sure! :) i'll be at 10,510 :) wbu?
going to extraaa inngs studio today for chennai-rajasthan game! will be nice to be on max again! good morning all! :)
thots god only gives us what we can handle.only wish he didn't think we could handle so much. (paraphrase of mother teresa) :)
you're very welcome :) hope you're having a great day.
