thank you lil mama :-)
i'm bored... i think i'm gonna bake... all of a sudden i felt like i was in my dorm on a friday that the r.d. was gone for =)
if ur using an #android phone relax, it takes a little mental re-compiling with a dash of patience.... :)
pleasee notice me and follow me :) #jasminator
my pleasure :)
thank u babe :)
wonderful time =)
follow back? :)
ok so i need 4 more followers before 12 ! <<<--- hey #cowboys fans!! family growth needed here! go fans go! :) #ff
emang blm pernah di baless?? :) ngiri dech ngliat tmen" laen d'blz twitt'a ma ka (cont)
yeah same here-wine is helping! :) & chatting will def help! & an announcement that #southland will be back would be awesome
thanks for the and i do too :)
my point exactly =)
joc have u considered an #android from theyr rolling out hspa+ which will kick sprints 4g... :)
guess who's as cute as a button?... you are :)
pineapple vodka and black and milds. throw in a good dj. i'm chill<<yes! its a date =)
some of those wall charts (e.g. ill patient) are instant classics :) some pics from #hcsmeucamp! #hcsmeu
mucho easter shopping, a trip to the gym & a thoroughly enjoyable dinner with bill, fina & the peeps :)
yesss i do have a blackberry... explains it allll. :) thank youuu.
pls tell ure followers to follow me :-)
6 flags!! me u and laura should all go together :d
thanks! :d #ff ------> he's worth followin for sure :d
follow me? it'd mean the world to me! <3 == done! =)
.oopss! im back!!! :p imy tweeting. haha.lol
wow. new followers! thanks... :)) enjoy my tweets. :d
heinekens & patron shots !!! what's better :)
an unfollower..umm fine.. :)
would u expect anything less from #ze?! :d after party to this probate is tooooooo live!!!!! eeeeee-yo!!!!
i'm digging through my dms trying to figure out who was my first dm. i'm looking thorough 664 dms,who thinks i can do it!??! :d
aarrgghhlll (homer simpson drool sound lol) cuban food :)
hi :) me too!!! its like my second home!! been going there every summer my entire life & lived on captiva for 2 years
but aunty ji, ur dp should be the archna 's face in oye lucky ... the best aunty i have ever seen. :d but kirron does it too
hahah, naah. :) good luck!
i did update my blog :) check it out
awwww, you're such a good daughter! :)
y'know, i mostly try not to be that a*hole unbeliever but i noticed the connection & therefore had to post it. :d
the more u push the more the object moves :) let the adventure begin lol
i'm gonna send you 100 chuck norris lines till you rt, reply or dm me :) suck it up, cause i will keep going!!
talkinq to corwiin..imiss this kidd < awwww :)
best movie based on a board game ever. :)
we're seeing owl city tomorrow! you should come hang out with us while we wait in line! maybe, if that works hehe :)
this app got some kinks to work out & it will be official =)
we may have never met, but remember you are very loved jaden...prayers for you and your family :)
hi! ask me a question! :d i'll be honest !
don't try to get slick over twitter! lol :)
thankkkk uuuu :)
girl, i want to see these videos :)
i would never expect you to be submissive to dumbasses. :)
back in .....???? dunno i'm a weeee bit sleepy y'all i hope i get up later though :)
make sure to bring it to work on monday! :)
lol yes sinners!!! *cracks open a bottle of white wine* #dontjudgeme !!! lmfao joking :-) lmfaooooo
either way ur a #jerkface « lmaooo!! :) lauren u alreadyyy!! i love black women. ッ nothing like a black woman at all!
can six of my amazing followers go follow pretty please? :)
:) i had to turn it up a little..
yes :) thanks
warning: bad word alert!! this is taken from my show in kc last weekend. :)
well then you'd be like a toddler. :)
#twitterafterdark true story... all 4 of my exes still ask for pussy. <<do they get it? :)
:)
i changed the pic 4 u again since i know u like to take a closer look... hahaha who knows maybe 1 day i will be blessed 2 shoot 5 with u! :)
thanks hun :)
goodluck toots tomorrow will be fun.....big meet at purdue! :)
awww, thanks! and hi! :-)
i *needed* this backrub more than anything this week, just saying :)
yep, your a groovy chick :)
you're welcome. isn't your bday tomorrow? <<< yep!!!! =)
iloveyou :) lol please check your dmmm:)
thanks sis :d happy bdaaay arieelll!!! best wishes for u bro ;)
i just saw that movie like 10 mins ago! baha its a great movie! u have to go c it! :)
i would be wayyy distracted, making my heart beat fast thinking about it, you are a beauty :)
your moms gorgeous! :)
awww i'm so sorry. well you have a real positive attitude and are very fun to talk to :)
thank you.. have a blessed one too :-) hava great nite blessed one queen!
shopped all day. my in laws are some shopping fools. in a good way of course. :) mom bought me lots of fun stuff. :)
mursid sdh dewasa? :)
emmet + jasper + edward = vampire heaven!!! lol right ??? :p just edward maybe :d
the next three people to follow --->> <<--- will get 20 dms to i promise!! tell me if you did :)
aw. she is caleb's age. :) playdate soon? :)
thank you debra. very kind. : )
check out our new layout! it's for our beloved ssandara! lmao. :)
some1 special is coming 2 hand cafe' with me ;) "everyday a star is born" :) (tell him ur sissy ♥s him wit her broke toe)
hi :) can you please follow let me know if you do. i'll give you a shoutout in return! :)
if you love twitter :) <3
van gogh. know what i mean :) jellybean
good morning twitterverse :)
follow me :) ♥
lol i jus like messing with u :)
please cody replay to me saying hi noe,i`m ur real big fan,pls i love or dm me :)
yes pls. i hope you are well :)
the tweetup rsvp is free! :) you can pay for events later. :)
followers lindas e reluzentes, 4 gatinhos sexys sdç no tiny.chat :d entrem :d :
loved your photos... so beautiful :) that bridge is always amazing
the weekends are for amateurs. it's a special few that can close it down on a weeknight. :) (plus, i'm home for easter)
so u waitin on me mimi!? =)
thank you so much :)
wasn't implying that all people at diney are hipsters or that wearing mickey makes you a hipster.<3 :)
awhh, how cutee :)
where's the after party at tonight in the chi? i gotta come thru and smoke one with the living legends :)
although, i think it needs more commas :d
i'll tweet on your acc later k :)
follow the homie now! i have madd love for him. :)
