yay! it's great! i just signed up for i feel like i'm moving in the right direction. :-)
thank you guys and happy saturday !! what are you up to? =)
hah i meant aps for using twitter, but i live that ap :) hah
thanks :) btw can you tweet #vietnamlovesbieber and make it on tt ? xd we're trying :)
what happened to our game? :-)
yay i went on teh toob. it was awesome :d
just finished recording 8 songs :) now on to mixing can't wait for ya'll to hear it
if anyone that lives near seattle legit wants to go see owl city/lights for free, let me know! :d
shopppppping! need an outfit for tomorrow's performance! oh, and 1 less lonely girl just came on at the store!! :)
no, i have! just not that particular video. he's a pretty funny guy :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
that works :)
22 more followers will goal :d yesssss :) -tay
i'm following u thanks to :)
ah dinner of champions :)
looks good david :-)
i can totally see why. :)
good morning tweeps :)
well everyone i think should get #demilovato trending now.. personally? :d if you agreee.
im going to sleep byee :d
i love that too even better is doing that with a thunderstorm slowly rolling by. :)
i recall having the feeling you would be returning this year :-)
boo hoo --couldn't leave a comment on the treasury --guess there were a lot of peeps lovin' on it. good job on the curation!! :-)
would u plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute. plz? thx... :)
`i would like to thanks to the people who unfollow me :) thank you
but its #tbs :)
cheers to u, anytime of the day or night! :)
that's good! :) i'm doing good too thank you!
hello! just added you after i found you through :-)
yeah sure :d
so excited !!! dirrtyglam shoooting on monday :-)
hey! i got an idea if you haven't started already :d
aw thank you :d
sam worthington , the main character :) . lol . imma think about it .
definitely keep trying :) make sure you're following us! hopefully next time. :)
that's good! enjoy yourself! if i was there we would go out :)
thanks for the headsup. i'm getting mine, mine too :-)
wow lucky u yaar! i hope u see this cuz u rock! n i love u! pls make my day n say hii :) lov u to death n #kkr rulzzzzzzzz
and here's wishing a happy birthday to our dear gujju geek from bombay :-) have a good one dost.
guess i'll celebrate these new nupes coming out :)
ok, trivia in next tweet. who's ready? for the mj book. :)
you're welcome and thank youu :)
its not an opinion, its a fact :-)
yes it's very amazing :d -tay
thank you so much! :) fun & creative! #ff
i lovee you :)
just found out today that i'll be spending a week in jamaica w. & his brother and fiance!! :d 1 thing 2 check off my life todo list
your in minisoota right get him a shotgun :-)
omg im such a nerd lol u laughed didnt you? :)
huahah :d
thanks to all who have entered the somewhat crunchy you giveaway!! what a great response! :)
never mind. should have noticed the first link in your post. not so uncanny after all :)
skyping mr man..... =)
that's easier to picture than stephen being a dad, i can tell you! :)
lol my bladder wasn't so incredibly bad until i had my son. now it's horrible. i really need to see the dr about it. :)
so we could rememba ya faces! i wish every monster would have a picture of themselves for a least for one hour ahha :d
yay! commin to see me 2marrow :) ♥ -im happy/havnt seen him in like a year-man ohh mann-im a lil too happy but #idgaf
:) i'm so grateful to know you. i am praying for you, too. good news, favor, rest!
why does fb make it soooo annoyingto accept friend requests. why cant i just say, "accept all"? :)
i was going to respond to that but my dailybooth photo looks so hideous i deleted it :)
congrats! can't wait to hear the album! ===> peace and blessings, nat :) how are you? i say u r blessed & highly favored of god
thanks happy easter yourself have a good one :-)
its #saturday here in #manila :)
over her watching your daddy's home cover && my mom walks in && says..that boy is shao (singing his axx off) lol :)
me too! i watch it every night! :)
love spartacus! lots of hot gladiators :)
where you at? if you're going to be there for a little longer....i can come meet you :) just need to change....
nighty night :) im tired. love you<3
hahah i do too! and i agree! :)
no problem at all!!!! :d we're like 22 away from goal now lol. -tay
thank u my dear :)
about to dye eggs :)
hahaha sounds fun! next time yaa : )
=) looking forward to wednesday.
i love that my cuzzos #topheavy crew and friends tweet me back. yall the bomb. :) (love u too cuzzo!)
the loft holds 500 :) so come on down :)
lol is to funny how he was singing daddy home and stopped and said shame lol now that was funny but he still killed it though =)
all set to get your ipoop i mean ipad? ^_^
keep believing & dreaming. it's the best way to encourage yourself in doing things :)
life is blissful in suburbia :)
thanks :-)
yes! i'm at wondercon! :)
hi there. as with all conventions we do a daily recap. that too after dinner! :-)
got you 5! :) please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
i now have 60 pieces listed on etsy: you like? you buy? you help me buy the groceries? :)
dude i can't speak for about this matter. you'll have to direct all queries/threats to him. :-)
i'm well aware :) your preaching to the choir :)
the zoo was something! lol how was the zoo? do you now need a tall cool something served by a pool boy? :)
#nowplaying the sanford and son song in my head :)
sorry i haven't tweeted all day. family time :) happy birthday
and a crucial bit of information it is! lol thanks :)
great point. :)
headed to get for our movie date! i know it's good so ready to see it :) been a long day but i'm all smiles!!!
nickys for the night with people :)
bieber fans have been trying to spam #jonasbrothers off. and they are obviously failing. :d
woots! rt: will be performing tonite, 8.30pm for the opening of anugerah hitz (live on mediacorp suria) :d
oo! look forward to welcoming u! :)
if you want to be followed :)
#ff right now!!!!! works for dj e-legal !!! definitely a promoter and an amazing best friend!! =)
i'm cool hun. been hard at work though. o_o not for meeeee. :) how are you? hope you have a great weekend. :)
guys please list me? :)
梁静茹 梦醒时分 ... good song :)
*takes notes* bouta be my new dragging buddy :)
ahh(: okayy. naah just on here :)
ah yeah thats cool :) you doin much over the easter break?
thanks for the #ff! :)
my pleasure :) iya ciii hihi iya yah gak kerasa udh 10bln ajaa. thanks anyway ci unyil 10 bulan
:d lol
yup no problem ^_^
oh naw, i wouldn't let you miss me :-) id be the one in the corner grinning madly and tweeting the night's playlist! may, then?
#trueblood's anna paquin turns out to be a bisexual -- why am i not surprised? :)
thanks for the #ff! the feeling is mutual! :)
i've been terrible on getting my thoughts down here on fb need to balance better betwn here & blog & twitter etc :)
lmao word! .. ayo my shit still up there! but my name ain in it smh faggot ass twitta! #peopleshould fucks with me =)
yepp :d i forgot where u live :o was it texas? hahah
you're gonna help me right :d you're like 6'5 , yu hold his ass down & i'll steal the tape & his kushhh .
delayed. lax flight to vegas. just like delayed at sfo, chillin at the airport bar... :d
yeah well they are only drinking, i am hopped up on goofballs! :)
awww just ran into outside of big wangs. yay for ryan on the rise! haha :)
retweet: if you've seen all of the #bieberordie videos :d
i'm the #jonasbrothers dream girl! hahah. amen :)
thanks for and comments :)
movie night with my mama :)
fact #69: justin loves his penis :) thats why he touches it a lot.. sorry it was number 69 i had to do it!
thank you for the nice #ff ! :)
hahah thank yaaaa!! please look happy like this forever. such a beautiful girl :) black or lighter=amazing.
awww, thanks for the #ffs kiddos! :)
i had a broken pinkie toe many yrs ago, late teens maybe, i've forgotten. sending you fast-healing wishes :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
:)
not me right? :d iloveyounicole
yeah, i did upload a profile… but it was only a mac profile. i'm guessing it's the only reason to be honest :)
fact #69: justin loves his penis :) thats why he touches it a lot.. sorry it was number 69 i had to do it!
you're welcome. :)
would u plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute. plz? thx... :)
first fridays. abbot kinney. :) (via 6-10pm
thanx girl =)
#jonasbrothers deserved all the love :)
thanks for the #ff. :-)
watching smallville and seeing lots of my backflip commercials :) haha and that tampon commercial haha
me too! :d
and.you're warming your listeners :)
thanks for the #ff... right back at ya! :)
ok thanks fxxd that for ya =) go to hell charlotte!!!!
musiiiiiic :) one of my all time fave madge songs!
i saw! love it :-)
*kisses* currently at flat top grill w/ my loves & :)
and i am super excited about la on sunday!!!! i just know i'm gonna have a great time :) time to join the #winning team...lol
*takes notes* bouta be my new dragging buddy :)
don't worry, i am :)
yay! thanks sweeties :d i love you too :) xo♥ m
so i'm thinking i should keep my alcohol tolerance low...i've always been kind of impatient...will make things go more quickly :)
wow! ohmigosh! i can't wait!! i'm hoping we'll get to see a riley series trailer too! i'm a huge fan! :d
hey! :)
신부님!! 해쉬태그에 catholic_kr 이라 해 주세요 :d
getting ready to go out in atl with :)
just got back from watching the last song it was sucha good movie i cried so much yayy i know i'm a baby heehee :)
yes she is!! yay!! congrats :)
jus a sneekie peek... :) )(i wanna c the rest wtf
thank you for your encouragement...means a lot to me. :) heading to bed...rest well.
shout-outs are ok, but i want link love :)
omg. i just noticed it's after midnight. why am i up? oh, yea, that's right. the silence. total bliss. now where's my wine or cosmo! =)
nice, love those first pull moments. congrats :)
ahaha so nobody wants proof.? k good. :)
we gonna have spaghetti and meatballs for #lunch :)
at church it's good friday! :d #okbye
#buenasnoches shabbat shalom :)
hella love for y homie!! :) you're all amazing tweeters thanks for the #ff
didn't have time for proper #ff's today, so just rt'd :)
#ff the sarcastic #beauty =) >@ufollowajahduh now! =)
if you love justin bieber follow :)
jajajaja i thought u were having a party and inviting all of twitterville :)
agreed liz hahahah :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
my fave urtv issue had her in a micro mini :) oopss
aww thanks sweetie! :-)
lol can u please read ur dm :)
baixa pelo 4shared :d
are you staying in tonight? i owe you a couple rounds :)
... i have a on a previous trip... i agree!! :) ... but sadly, alas, no in&out burger! ;)
funk on! :)
lol i want a subway now i love the oil&vinegar :d
ahaha sorry it's taking so long. i'll get you 8 more :)
gurrrl!!!!! what'cha thinks??? i ((loved))) the movie!!! three thumbs up!! yay me too :)
would u plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute. plz? thx... :)
thank you! :)
well that's why it went down. don't you know you are rewarded for carrying bad debt? :)
anytime my sweeties :d
yeah i knoww, could you please follow though? :)
lolololol!!!! once you start it's hard to go back! dresses are the ultimate in comfort and figure flattering! :)
congratulations on the 250th birthday of hans christian anderson :)
going 2 visits mom :)
thanks! u too :)
lol ouu dont worry, ill help ya if ya want :)
thank you for the #ff! glad i entertain you! :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
she misses you too! :)
gave you love on air =)
good morniiingg. it's saturday! have a blast! :d
so we can refollow you now? fyi my music efforts have been redirected here :)
