that's so cool !!! fanx a mil :) #ff ✰♡*•˛❤˛•*♡✰✰♡*•˛❤˛•*♡✰ love is ✰♡*•˛❤˛•*♡✰✰♡*•˛❤˛•*♡✰
thanks so much! :) thank you for the love!!! you're the best. much success is ahead of you:)
lobster shrimp oysters and white wine in soho with :) !!
thanks baby... i'll dig it out & resd :)
#shoutouts2theboys who claim and actually be there for there babiesss :)
manila misses you too :)
imperial flow! say d&g at the door! sexy ladies get at me :)
sisterhood of the dancing pants :)
thankies :) get some asprin for that headache
:) *blushing*
yes :)
eu estou bem, e você? i miss talking to you. think we should chat. you have to see tiao. he's so fat! :)
#twitterville, if you don't like regular water, try flavored vitamin water! i like it. lolz :) ♥ #ad
listening to scorpions after ages blackout just got done and now listening to dynamite #awesomeness #ftw #scorpions :)
let's trend #501carrotsformal later, 9-11pm kst. join us, and let's make it number one! :)
i thought of that before but i wanted to inflict more pain so i had the car towed when it happened to me :-)
follow he's koo as fuck & always shows love =)
learning how 2 close tonite. :)
they're on idol tonight!!! :d
thanks for the #ff :)
if u dnt suck toes dnt call urself a fresk cause its false advertisement and ill expect it once u give urself tht label. :-)
browsing through the app store. so many awesome ipad apps! oh how soon i will become poor. :)
i luv smut! lol ty for the link! i'm bookmarking it now =)
awh thank you!! gahl you and your sister are just so sweet i love it!! :)
10 people go follow now & i will dm justinn 10 times telling him to follow or dm you!! tell me if you followed her :)
addicted :)
what's ur fave type of cereal :)
ok posted some images from today in the astronaut gallery on the #spacetweeps website for everyone to see :)
amazing hitters sportsplex here in middleton wisconsin! so big u would never know ur indoors. worked with girls from wisc, iowa& illinois =)
thanks for the #ff. :)
happy bday trag! wishing u the best! enjoy it :)
i look at the hundreds of facebook birthday wishes i have to reply to tonight, and all i can do is smile. thanks everyone :-)
#juststfu & follow << #ff #followfriday :)
having the time of our lives at delancy l.a :)
please vote pyramid & replay :) thank you!
hushaushaushauh' sou doidaaa :d
:) nothing much, tweeting ahaha. you?
q:heyyy :) wuzzup haven't tlked in a while... a:ahh yeah haha, i know ive tried to cut d...
meeee :)
willlll do :)
lol! thats cool is like going with youu twitter, wooohoooo i´m in japan! :)
well, close, but not quite. that's a suberb abt 30 mins from me. :)
ok , :d i will add you , i'm offline too now ,
thank you for the #ff :)
haha chuck norris facts read by chuck norris :) check that out :d
yes please just talking and no music :)
just abt 2 say i was goin startin poutin...but then he called :-) bbl
i enjoy your 8:36 updates. :)
gets to pick his fave gadgets in the latest outlook mag :)
tune in now tweeples on power 105.1 for the best back back good music :)
by the way, your rs.98 gprs plan is a huge success. you dominate the mobile internet segment. congratulations! :)
i'm glad u & ur car are ok! :) i wasn't even going fast when i rear-ended the bmw last year, & i still did $7.3k damages on them :(
my grandfather was a uso girl =)
hahaha okay :)
that's good. :) ...haha, yum.
#shoutout2dagirlz dat give head to their boyfriend on a daily basis! cuz i don't! sssiiiiikkkkkkkeeeee!!! lls! =)
during the month of march jenna gave up pull-ups, sippy cup night & gets dressed all by herself. what a great month. :)
the owner of krispy kreme may not agree. :-)
you better believe it! you're stuck with me! :d
that doesnt sound to good! ..hopefully both of you feel a lot better and dont end up there :)
maken easter eggs tomorrow hate how they smell but they are fun to make and i have to go with my mom yo pick up my sis birthday cake :)
thank you! you rock too!! :d if anyone hasn't told you lately how hard you rock...you do!
aint i jus the coolest ? =)
this b.o.b dude..his song is nice =)
yea dats my shit u mustve jus saw da video
i'm good with all talk...just sayin i mean i love the music, but i love your sexy voice more :) yum!
good form! anyway, i can vouch for it... it working for me :-)
thanks for the #ff <3 :d
not in person! but we will soon for sure... :)
sleep is needed. goodnight gentle followers! :) ~kayla
follllow em-- :)
me too :) they were friends for tooo long to end it that easily! :)
i'm really enjoying writing it thus far :d
:)
learned from :) and your humanz plight?
ty! i'll add it to the list =)
finally back home :d
the #jonasbrothers are a miracle. :)
hey dude, song went great tonight... had everyone in tears. will send u a video when it's up :)
i also had diggdroid for a while, very cool as well, but needed more to be done with the ui to interact with. keep diggin :-)
dress it is 2nite :)
at the movies about to watch.... why did i get married 2 =)
lol..u really did too! how nice :) now i wanna see it.
#follow asap =) <3
k-popped! is looking forward to working with korea tourism organization malaysia :-)
so please follow my personal or my other account :)
good night everyone :-) god bless america and keep us safe.
let's trend #501carrotsformal later, 9-11pm kst. join us, and let's make it number one! :)
really? its mad early..niggas is out here chillin..just bought a new pack of bambu :)
:) its on the list
dc is veeeeery nice in the spring time. --> ny is even better =)
people questioning me over my tweets ..you won't get a reply cuz i simply don't care what you have to say or think.. so #juststfu please :)
thanks :)
i love you too :)
i am!!! :d
my heater is under my bed...so the heat is going directly into my blanket :) super warm :)
now...time for the jersey shore look. :d
you are more than welcome! can't wait to get off the waitlist! :)
dew it :) its okay u can talk to me in vegas the whole time lol
:d ahaha im suree about that one :d cause all of u are awsomee :d
so please remember ur a light in my life :) and ur not a friend but my sis <3 luv yah
you will become to love & be addicted to it :) i am a mass tweeter. so i apologize ahead of time for all the tweets :)
omfg! i'm sorry but that's kinda funny. i hope you have fun! :) lol say hi to justin and usher for me
s/o 2 4 trying her hardest 2 the faces behind the real #teamminaj lol love u sweetie :)
lol thanks fams =)
erykah badu on chelsea lately!!!!!!!! can't wait :d
haha.. it's the little things :) play with ur hair!!!? lol
:-) btw, anjula was just talking to me again about how much she liked born confused which you sent us a while back.
:) how u been tho?
ha. you gotta stop. you're killing me. :-)
hbd the best for you!!! :)
at webster hall, waiting to see perform :)
ok! ty. haven't decided just yet what imma read, but i'm keeping those on my list =)
hey jamie! hope you have a great weekend! :-)
:d
this is why we're friends. you hate the lakers, too. :)
:)) hehehe asiik kita temenan :drt yes !! jadi suka justin bieber juga !! :d
uuh i think i like myself with this super nerdy yet naughty secretary lookin glasses. i'm kinda lovin this new accidental look. kiyaa! :)
thank you! :)
puji tuhan :)
your lovelies were shipped today! i hope you adore them. :)
that is fantastic! yay! congratulations on opening too! i am going to post your shop on my blog! :) xo
watching turn 21 was a special honor. enjoy your new toy and many more years for you! :)
i see that tango lol :) <<lmao
that makes all the difference! we know the end of the story. :-)
is live!! :)
better question. . u still got ur elco? :)
shoutout to yea he's bad :)
#moist like a chocolate cake! :) how i love fridays!
thanx for the #ff :) hope u having an awesome long weekend.
selamat siang, met libur ria :)
haha your welcome :) when is your birthday btw? :)
lol maybe he isn't popular in canada. but on the other hand i love cassidy. :)
haha! i guess he's on team turn it off mommy! :-)
hey babe whats wrong with your phone? i was gonna ask u to order me a pizza...lol :)
you should try :) haha
==> #follow!! :)
yes! you should have them in a day or so :)
someone send me 10 followers n shit .. ! =)
you got retweeted by the :) space pants!
i am cpr certified!!! :d
is kenneth charles buying my the summer set shirt?! :d
me too :)
everytime i go to your twitter page i always learn somethin new..thanks 4 tha knowledge ^_^
dinner n movies.... why did i get married too...first up....sushii :)
why don't we all help #blossominthedust blossom!! :)
welcome & ty for the shoutout too :) & haha, it's always the worst part of the day, but now she's making me go tomorrow too
not long til i board my plane :)
; ahha yessir ! and alrighty ttyl :)
awww i love you toooo brooo :-)
in and out burger run anyone? .....the power of suggestion :) dont click....
yeaaaa see u soon :)
just might find a whole load of ipad!! :d
yeah i already made for justin :)check it out! i put it on twitpic too. malaysai :)
it was amazing bro! i look forward to telling me about her sermon. :)
lol :) what's #poppington ?
q:kay, glad you didnt. :) a:mhm ;)
feel okay. slept all day so i'm ready for an all night of studying :)
#nowplaying some real music -> "there goes my baby" <3 #raymondvraymond. cop the album if you haven't! i rate it 14/5 :)
mood: #jonasbrothers :d i'm in a jb mood <3
i'm out here changin a flat tire in 6inch heels. i'm amazing :)
nandri :-) for all tamils, follow #ff
hahaha ;) i'm doing jusssstt finee :) gon chill with some friends drink up goooo wildx] haha jp!
you're blessed because you're the best! we love you guys, ivan. :) and i love los primos. ;)
please dm your email address and we will get to work finding out what happened. thanks! :)
okay that's fine :)
=) i love it agora, now, at this moment bajofondo tango club no jô corram!
what movie? :)
i think an hour is more then enough time for people to follow back, #unfollowing the people who didn't follow back + unfollowers :)
it's not ranting if we agree with you :) plus, it's good food for thought. that's where ideas come from! great talking to you too.
what happened to the cup? 3 glasses of mascoto...i'm feelin good :) i like wine!
shout whenever and i'be there!! :)
thanks barb very much :)
yeah drinking alone is never fun. your drinking with me :)
horeeeee!! monday still far away damn i thought it was sunday, thanks for reminding :d glad it's not sunday :)
follow back? :)
whew! only 16 sections for my traffic school and i passed w/ 90% on the test...missed one i shouldn't of but hey....i passed! :)
:-)
follow noow!! amazing twitter :d
rt:going to be watching sherlock holmes now :) sherlock is amazing<3 xd #holmes
i knowww! i will be down there in june. :)
where are the pictures?!?! did you sleep in it yet? :)
it probably helped you crack 6,000 followers today. congrats, dude :)
rt:watchin sherlock holmes , i would like it better if my brother didn't add his uncessary commentary :) #holmes
follow because i love him! he's so cool :) his bday is in 2 days and he wants to reach 1000 :)
you could play the cute boy with glasses nerd thing and girls normally love that. i did when i was 17 :)
i missed yall like oh so much :) how my peeps been??
didn't get to do my #ff so imma just do it to whoever did it to me. if you want a shoutout just say so :d
i am sure there is a way! i'll think on it :)
:d
#yns missing you... go head and call me. you know whassup :)
today/tomo complete rest :d
wow i'm at 900 followers! thanks so much!.. thanks for all the #shoutouts & #ff love :-)
yeah girl, tweeting our blog. love it! :) watching lakers/nuggets?
having a free lonestar at #girlinacoma concert/lockin that i crashed! :d
lol cuz i was watchin kim possible one night at like 1oclock in da mornin +& it just rung a bell.....like tinky =)
hello to all the new listeners of my music! help spread this link around to your followers :)
me too! maybe we can make a list together when we meet for burritos! :)
you're welcome. pleasure is all mine. :)
made a turkey wrap with ginger & miso dressing for dinner. healthy and yummy :)
soon you will wish you never knew :) #ff
