that's good! nice to meet you! i'm sam :)
been widd my babee 's #tayy alll day basically ! <3 he met some of my ppl :) lol #bondage :-p
heyyy how are u? follow me :)
doin what i do best... eatin! :) (me too)
i love yaa twitcon :)
you should not be worried :d
that's the easter version of my logo. i'll go back to the original on monday :-)
we want a pet like toothless so cute :)
#jonasbrothers thanks joe! :)
about to go watch firefly, but everyone should wish a happy birthday b/c she's awesome and she deserves it :d xx
amazing photo of the #flamestweetup! wow, that's a lot of tweeps! :-)
finally i get 2 know ur real name : )
aww your so cute :) lmao
comments feed up and alive =) thank you!
#wearefearless should be a tt! :d
hi sara! i just changed it today! it's from the new ironman movie! :)
ehmm... cieeeeee.. happy 5th anniversary dear mari kita berkencan dan kulineraaaan.. :d
visiting w/ my dad & my brother in fl. my dad at 95 yrs old is telling stories of flirting w/ waitresses at pizza shop :-)
ray, you gotta get some patience man. i would hate to see what you're like on christmas morning. :)
today was ivy's school picture day. she's so cute. :)
lol! just had to clarify! :)
thank u everyone for the #ff luv!! i greatly appreciate it. hello new followers dnt b afraid to speak :) and to my pre-existing fam hey!!!
i'd be happy to do your podcast! just email me :)
that's fine ... as long as i win one of the other ones. :)
:) hugs back :) > lol hugs hope you are having a good one!
=)
thnks :)
thankyou for the #ff :)
likely you'll have to unfollow him to avoid the feed congestion haha. i cant stand mass ff; imo #ff is for special ppl. :)
hey salut :)
nope...it was just ep 97. you can call next time you've got reception! :)
i figured you'd like that :)
thats very mature of you :) especially since your fetus is so.....manly? bahahahaha
thank you! i had a fantastic trip and i miss the savannah sunshine! it snowed off and on all day here! how r things with you? :)
lol im good :)
she rescues him right back :) awwww!
awww thanks :)
so about that excursion to wildfire... :-)
9000 :d yayyy who wants a shoutout?
lol thanks ashley! did you notice how i matched my shirt with the iphone? lol...i know, kind of geeky :)
goal for goal anyone ?? :)
lol. cool! so whats austrailia like? :)
absolutely! i'm right there with you. so much easier to start on something new than to polish the current... :)
hey there, where r u going? back home? when are u coming skydiving here? :-)
aww thank you noah! :) <3
follow me please? :)
i love you ! :) please tweet back! it would mean the world <3
i am feeling well, although a little hot. not that this is a problem. :-)
devastated that my favorite contestant from went home! you are such an inspiration!!!! :)
thankz for tha shoutie :)
thanks filmicafe! you are the best! :-)
thinking of doing the same and focus on the chocolate bunny feeding frenzy instead. :)
haha you're still up too huh! yeah i have something in mind, i'll e.mail you over the next few days hun :)
i know, english peeps are adorable. :) i forgive them.
#ff bc we both crossed eachother mind today :)
thank ya boo you look so purty.! :)
not in town :( you'll be at atelier on tues right? we'll have a bday drink then :)
thanks man :) played "tell me how to get it" last tues. on cjam when and i did an impromptu fill in. grab d/l on my blog!
i like a feeling of 3-4-500$ a day believe it or not :)
no problem is was more for me cause i needed one too! :-)
record this now. please and thanks :)
ooo. totally! :)
hahaha...and dare i ask how it was? =)
anh stupid page lol, ah thats good :d
off to enjoy my night :)
had a lovely dinner with my friend, his family, and his host family. today was a great day :)
: i agree! i love to stay in and just relax :)
i'd really like a bunny experience too, but playboy closed all those clubs. :) (@dentaldiva1)
thank you !!!!! we love it :)
go #ff this smart and cool people! :)
it sure is :)
hah, i did! hi, mr ! good job :d
yay! :-)
go #ff this smart and cool people! :)
go #ff this smart and cool people! :)
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
thank you for the #ff! :)
#peopleshould open their eyes to the bigger picture ...the everyday bs don't mean ishhh...get wit it && give ur life to god =)
you will stop loving bb very quickly :) make sure you explorer free app applications
who you telling. lol then again it's good because now i can stop getting myself in trouble :)
i'm good, how u?? :)
wow, thank you man!!!! that means a lot! i really appreciate it! : )
you are welcome :-)
more 6th grade artwork-photos! :)
fact #10: justin's hair was bleach blond when he was a baby :)
thanks sands. happy alphaversary sands! :)
lol belching ruins the element of surprise. :-) nuw that's a story idea :) the bubba werewolf project :)
wats that? lmao back home :) tomorrow im doin pretty girl shit :)
my pleasure sweetie :)
5 for 5 anyone ?:)<3 or 10 for 10 :)
yes u are mean, and yes i know u luv me! :) lol
dear sticks. break up with your girlfriend. love, erin :d
^_^ wuuts good with yoou?
awwww :) thanks!
i'm gonna hit this opium lvlz & chill the fuckoutttt :) :)
done! shout-out? love ya! :)
if you're not following do so now . otherwise you should tie a bag of rocks to your feet & jump off a bridge . :)
haha...yeah!! ur welcome nick! :d
:) it reminded me to be more patient with my son who has his "idiosyncrasies" even tho he has no diagnosis. thk you.
follow back?? =)
need sum new females to follow :)
you keep acting like i'll be surprised you listen to both sides. :) i'm the one who saw 4 gop candidates during the primary...
duh! <3 i so will. :d
haha word up. he looks like the dipset producer arab muzik :)
yes congrats!! just saw you got a new follower today...congrats!! :)
lol =) i kno yo ass hungry so cum to #vezcookout 2mar
actually there is a comic, bubba the redneck werewolf lol i have a copy :)
lol you're so cute ; i forgot, wouldn't wanna ruin your pretty hair :d
i know what you mean tiff! but at least i know i can find u somewhere :) hope you feeling better dear :) enjoy movie :)
thats the chick that sings "playin my song yeah uhmm something something something!" idk how it goes buh i like it tho! =)
:) just got da shoutie on the radio...thx 101.1 the wiz! we hype ridin thru cincy now! #awesome she shakin it!
#tweetdreams :) goodnight everyone! love ya! :)
hi from art fair tokyo :-)
doesn't sound weird to me, but then again, about 2 1/2 years ago, i shaved my head :)
follow back please? :)
tweeps! ask about vd :)
good morning/afternoon/evening friendz! have a nice day everyone :)
can you have some water? that's a drink, which is perfectly wonderful. :)
will try to :)
i know, i've seen some of it before! yes, barbra streisand and millie perkins are my role models. :)
twinn!!! :)
oooooo......about what? new post? new activity? new sometin sometin? :)
did anyone notice that when miley first played the piano it had the when i look at you in it. :)
[colddblooded lol] heyy :) did u follow me? if u didn't, follow me back please? :)<3 <--- nawwwww
she is :)
i'm signing off for the night and will return on monday, april 5th at 11:00 am. celebrating the girls' first birthday tomorrow! :)
oh the horror! well at least you are having fun with :)
#joke #pathetic -- heard about an employee cricket match at apple... man-of-match's strategy for playing spinners? ipad :-)
q:follow me honey? <3 a:wats ur user? :)
lol, i love her! down. :)
#follow #follow #follow #follow :)
pleasee follow back? :)
mike brought home some surprise tulips for me! my fav flower :d
creatorofswirl@gmail.com you can email me that way as well :)
would anyone want me to do anything? like give you shoutouts and signing petitions if there any?? tell me now :)
thanks :d ty :) grt to follow-> #ff #gratitude »---»
really? cool. i liked the first one. thanks babe. :)
hitting the streetz in the bttv slab. checkin out the tx relays. lots of nice tricked out slabs out tonight :)
oh really?? yea then u can just come to me haha!!! i know i cant decide either hard desision haha!!!! :) <3
hola! how are you? :d
betty white snickers commercial is still so damn funny//abe vigoda's in that, too. that's what i call my uncle. :-)
yeah i have it but my radio gets all the juicy stuff :)
thumbs up!! lmao extra shoutout #shoutout2dagirlz who luv to suck dick!! =)
been sleeping in which feels so great! :d
hmmmm can you get donnie to come visit me in the hospital?!? lol :)
haha i feel special! :d
shooting a 9mm is definetly a way to let out some stress noooww long beachh to see for 's showw! :)
i feel special <3 :)
you should come to my street, someone's been feeding them, they'll climb on your camera and do tricks for a photo :)
some people apparently didn't like my speediness. my weekend has already passed (wed/thu) i work sat/sun :)
he just mad he aint you! stand tall! =)
yup :) exactly. you're from qc too?
thank you! :)
we have a line of about 20 people in palo alto. outnumbered by tv trucks and journalists. :-)
gracias :)
♥ love u mates x remembering birthday :) bondies cafe di metro tv. teringat
8 away from 10,250 :) shoutout for shoutout?
let's sold out this !! friends, go to ! there are 5* and 4 * still avaliable for concerts! x :)
ahhh but the name is for a reason its supposed to be the total opposite he should be mean/nice. :)
absolutely enjoying :)
fact #49: justin's warm up for a show is him singing "i know, i know, i know, i know" in all different notes :)
:) #followorswallow >>> shes an asshole. funny as shit. kinda suttin like me ;)
editing as in writing, or as in filmmaking? :)
i can keep this up all night. :-)
you're welcomeee :)
special for my beloved dwi andhika.. happy bday dear !!!!! wish u all best,, with ♡ :)
halo ;) halo #anakmedan :)
woooooohoooooo 3 more years of kobe!!!!!! yay :)
i kind of liked the theme :)
#jonasbrothers i love you guys :)
lakers 36 jazz 20 jaimi 5.....5 th row that is :)
so i can beat it up! :d gettin lathered up!
i been gettn soo many compliments on my hair today & its a week old!! love my hairstylist :-) ~ #fistpump
just bought the dark void zero music from sumthing digital :d amazing!! might you have a larger version of the album art?
yes indeed. :-)
haha "hey melia i was drivin && souljaboy came on. you kno get ur swag on?" *singing* yeaah get ur swaaag on haha loooove white people :)
sorry i can't hear people without avatars :)
have fun in chicago :)
of course, thank you :)
who wants to talk about something that's been bugging them maybe we can share life experiences? not on my timeline tho dm me if u want :)
ordered the canon g11 today. pretty excited! i can`t be carrying around my 7d and lenses all the time. should come in handy for chicago :)
i think i need to hit a bar before trying to go in there tomorrow. that might help :)
ha! does mention that every now and again. he loves to hear his name on the nhl. :-)
runnnin away from that redic phrase/voice :) heheheh
going to sleeep! goodnight :) god bless<3
nothing :)
my egg for :) <3333 ( its ladygaga if u didnt kno) :))
#infolimit limit , dong ya yang baik mksh :)
darn it... you beat me to it! i just got back online... and was about to send you a huge g'day!! :d
is a nut ball part of my charm! :) rofl / pecan i hope.
i'm sorry i unfollowing all. but i refollowed you. follow back? :d
of course it is girl, anything with you involved will be a positive thing :)
thank you! many would disagree with you on that. lol happy easter to you too and your family. enjoy it! :)
hahah. wanna fly me out there? :d
is there anyone with less than 100 followers, who wants me & to help them? :)
thank you so much! one more paper and one more exam! :)
uhoh... i'd say that means it's time for a trip to ron jon's! :)
that's whats up =)
#ff the only person that leaves me wanting more :-)
ok in the painful process of using the hotel 'high speed' internet to upload photos from today to flickr :)
