this suspense is so unbearable. haha your an amazing writer. i like these stories cuz you actually make them interesting. :)
crockpots are a really easy way to cook :) and yes, it's nutella jar. empty. my stand-in when i setup photos!
awww <3 :d u r tooo :d my fav girl <33
oh it's his bday too?! and :) <----yup! :) two of my fave people!!!
you know you like the way jb rolls! :) so ask us a question! :)
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
yay!!! have fun at frontmen! :d
haha thanks! james cameron's got nothing on my avatars :)
youz will get your very late b day video tomorrow :d
bill, thanks for friday must follow! u rock!! (even though my leave supply is dwindling!! #damnyouzucker!!) :d #dictatorzucker
oh and make sure she reads my letter too! now i just have to meet you next! :)
anytime :)
do you guys mind >> :)
tonight !!!!!!! :) going 2 show chromeo my fancy footwork !!
thanks :)
thanks so much for helping me with the video blog today! you guys did great :)
awesome!! : ) just incorporate sex and chocolate. why choose?! both give me tingly, oh sooo good feelings. :d
i agree with you, for once! :) i've always believe in this, love yourself then you can love others.
didn't you get my tweet last night eb? i miss you... :)
*forehead kiss* there's time for that when we both have time. :d at least i think we'll both have free time eventually. xd
you heard em bitches =) #ff >>> follow now
yeahh :) haha.
eww u have gay male followers » no only you! :)
where the hell is brandon.... he usually comes out of lurk mode when you arrive :)
thanks. =)
omg!!!!! praise the lord....i won a trip to camp turbo this summer from chalene, bret and the pb crew!!! woooo hoooo! i just luv u guys :)
why do i find merlin so hot? heeee :)
<3 hopes will see #itsabieberthing is number one :d == haha..nice. thanks
hope everyone has a blessed holiday weekend, and remembers the lord on this good friday thru easter sunday. :)
truth :-) kudos to your boy and the collective you for supporting him
everyone should follow :)
early pa po here ateng eh :d
haha i was trying to be as nice as possible :)
follow me :)
goodnite every1! just got a text from 1 of y favs that my hustler magazine spread is comin out soon! yay :)
alumnis are allowed so long as you have the alumni card :d you just can't borrow books =/
to lust :) i might stop dream too to see
:)
anthony :)
i will darling. thanks for the advice : )
i know!! is one of the most beautiful songs i ever hear in my life :d
mmm the the mac and cheese is delicious! and the rolls! :)
nice. :) #sxsw
... lol ... i guess, it all comes down to "perspective" :)
hi baby! long time didnt see ya ;) hi bestie! :) wassup? ♥
please follow back :)
have a nice weekend for both of u :)
sb county nascar conservative? homegirl! :) (i live in monrovia but work in mira loma so i pass through your county.)
if youre ███████████████████████ 100% belieber :d if you dont . youre not!
interesting use of miss nevada's tiara. lol scandal! :)
followed back :)
ini.. arlunerz ...twitpic pls... :) thx in adv
okay thanks :) ill dm them for ya :)
hmm wat to wearr 2nite ; wattt 2 freakn wearr ; hmmmmmm « jeanss wit somee high heelss. cutee vneck & leatherjacket :d bomb !
email your mailing address to amy@susanmaywarren.com :)
cool. :)
ooh and here =d see lakers killin jazz 33-16 after 1 qtr. we all smiles over here :)
dmn ituu?rt mual liatnya.. tapi ngiler..rt breakfastt! :d
don't be. i'm not allowed into the us :)
who was musical hero when she was 4 years old? first correct tweet wins her "believe" cd. good luck :)
overwhelmed with love and community and kingdom vision! so blessed by this framily in nyc. my face hurts from smiling so much :)
what is an eua? i need to learn a lot more about all of that from you. hope all of you are doing well :)
:d congrats to dan hamilton for hitting wk 13!
i love beaches :d
i finally got my hawaiian bread !, well.. it says hawaiian on the pack. :)
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
#ff love & smiles :) -> you're welcome!
"giant" by vampire weekend makes me such a happy panda :d
im crashing the party...or at least pack me a bowl to go :) he my aunts making her famous menudo on sunday!
:) agree this is why i use yahoo mail but i thought they did support folders now too?
i'm so glad & i are close again :) that's my betchhh lmaoo
very nice breasts indeed rt: lucy lawless got pank nipples =)
if youre ███████████████████████ 100% belieber :d if you dont . youre not!
thank you :d
lol me too.. :d
dont forget to submit your community news get some extra promotion for all your articles! :) #design #news #articles
haha yeah im laughing so hard. during class this girl was like whats so funny? i showed her we where laughing so hard! :d
i'm always popular in group gatherings :) lol
thanks :)
oh i'm good now...i have the ability to laugh easily and quickly after such things : ) keeps me young ; ) lol!
we're here waiting on you :)
but your blips have gotten me through many writings nights so that is what stands out the most. :d
i'm waving from my porch! :)
haha.. you got it. i won't forget it. :-)
thanks richard! :)
followed :) follow me back
stop me when i liiiie :d
me too :d
lol i'm not even on him like that but ppl need to fallback! jus cuz he's the best.. always someone talkin shiit :)
lol i wanna meet these counselors of yours :) #spacecamp
shopping day today. rummage sale at front & co. great deals! aritzia warehouse sale no lineup :) but no selection :(
did you watch it in the original dutch? :) yes i watched the special features of the lady with the pearl earring. good stuff
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
heyyy! i will be on later me and my moms friend are going to a party at 11:30 soo i will tweet u later?? bye love yaa! :) <3
follow back plz :)
u are reason we would want u to trend #jonasbrothers : )
anyway! goodnight twitter! off this tho! hope has a good night! :) smfh! wanted to go man!
working hard had 3rd follow up meet at a label 2 day looks like we may sign one of my artist real soon :)
check my last 2 dm's biiig broo :) haha
thanks for the #ff! :)
