actually, i like the excitement and build up to my bday...but the day itself usually let's me down...unless i go to the spa :)
yeah, i'm a night owl and a morning owl. but leave me alone in the afternoon... :)
actually i think the blurriness makes it slightly more funny :) almost like looking through drunken eyes heh
i'd be down for that.. except i'm in colorado not in line for an ipad :) but would love the party :)
*crosses fingers* thank youu :)
i just died. he sang some of "one less lonely girl". holy crap. :d
q:hey..whatsup ;) a:howdy! and not much, you? :)
haha i got pretty wasted early but i'm good now. :)
well...sounds like u had fun :)
well, yeah, that does make it tougher :)
#ff my wifey she's too awesome :d
#ff thanks for listing me :-)
pulling an all-night with paris. her idea, not mine. hahah :)
i love oreo cookies best thing to come out of the states :) though is it weird that i do not like the cream and throw it out?
sorry for spamming lol, but everyone please go follow and ill stop :)
i like kalispell! wife and i spent a week there when we first met :)
follow me back ? :)
try again working now :)
lord, i'm begging you to help me remember all the words to this song on tomorrow. pls allow this theraflu to clear my sinuses up. amen :)
niiiiiiiiiiiiiice :) i lived off chicago rd. (south park) and 144th place
lmfao fail! :) and its aeropostale-girl@hotmail.com! :) addd mee! :d :d
i just got one hilarious text message. you are truly pathetic :)
my i love all of them but my top 3 are poison ivy, fly with me and paranoid :) what are yours?
oh classic! destination moon by robert a heinlein! nice :-)
we'll be starting soon ... in the meantime, you get to see me preppin' and gettin' ready! :d (broadcasting live at
back in heritage square after experiencing first fridays. pretty cool! would definitely come again! t-1 hour to dinner. maybe. :)
hehe, will do!! :d :d
#juststfu !! kthanks :)
omg noo i'm gonna have to see them :)
how do i look ? eh eh dimitri from paris mau dateng! :d
all bow to me, as i am now the mayor of the inwood on foursquare! :)
hey coorg gurl :) happy birthday , i m ur new follower :)
woww, thats deep.. sad. :'( im rly sorry for youu but glad u decided giving up was not the way(l) :) <33
i got you 5 :)
you had me at "hello". that's what's up. =)
absolutely not-that would be no fun!! :)
ill tell him in the am when he get here and thanks :) oh ok. hope he gets better soon. (cont)
ooohh pick me!! pick me!! =) #peopleshould kidnapp justin bieber and give twitter a reason for him to be a #tt
yesssiirrrr :)
thanks again, i can't wait to get my coffee! stoked! :)
forget about the haters. they're just jealous. #stopdrinkingthehaterade :)
just caught on about nathan. hope everything is way better by now. sending lots of hugs your way :)
the baddest females are some kind of asian like me and (: // & meeee :)
anytime :)
for better or worse, til death do us part. i'll love you with every beat of my heart, i swear! for cheesiness! :)
hey thank you! i'll let you know when my son is eligible for the foundation. :) :)
dont 4get 2 text me ur email whn u get a chance or dm!! #thanks =)
and god bless to u too. i appreciate that hun. i hope things work out well for u and ur success as well! :)
jdbworldwide: just got off the phone with coryn from :) she is soooo nice! :d wish i lived closer! ...
aw. thanks. :)
mmmmm boutta go in on th crunchy roll!! :)
shhhhh, i think its actually harper. :) also? i miss you. nft.
oh noo did i hear a bottle? fml :)
check out :-)
about the blue book giveaway that is having? you'll have to check goodreads and see if she has sea. :-)
awesome! mine turns 7 on the 12th. :) the gift go over well?
q:wtfff, ur so ugly and annoying agh i waanna hur... a:haha god bless to all of my haters :)
i'd rather be hated for who i am than loved for who i'm not! :)
i swear when i grow up i want to have a son just like :) maybe can be the daddy lol xd
please join my mailing list, moms you will enjoy it...really :-)http://bit.ly/4xr2x3 #tyf
when you find them? don't tell me,ok? :)
im from the bronx :)
thank you for the #ff :d
haha i wish i could say the same :d lol but idk but i plan to go after i finish school i suppose pop off a career hehe
umm, come again? you were unable to sync your contacts on you iphone? :) it's greatest strength? sure you got that right?
aww emily we are too alike! :)
i think #blossominthedust should trend because mallary takes hours to reply to us and we owe her this :)
i like it!!!! what is the date for randy's mariner hof ceremony in 2012? :-) (how about may 1st. 5.1 2012)
everyone loves a good mocha :)
please keep ab eye out for me :)
thanks for the rt. =)
k thanks i followed you back :)
blessed saturdfay friends. »likewise sisi :)
of theirs right now is tht one ignorance but i like all their songs :)
miss you more boo. you will get a review shortly :) kelly!!!!
ahhhh get better soon. take the vitamin echinacea. works great as an immune booster :)
ehh..manhattan is.. ooh lucky lmfaoo :d :) ahaha unless its my fault..too make it fair :d
home alone? that's how i like it :)
#ff or probably #fs in some countries. :) ~marie
happy birthday to you! have a fun bday wkend. :) <-- thanks a lot amanda ((hug))
indeed...dudes got like the jedi mind trick going for him :)
oh, and for my most faithful stalker... please follow #ff :d
me too! :) and thanks!! :d
ah. things happen. how old is she? :)
that 12 month code :)
yeah i hope! haha no, im sure that we will!! *keep confident* :d
oh this is awesome. :) yessss
5 more followers follow now pleasee she is great i love her :)
have one for me and i will get you a proper birthday drink when i get back :)
i've been there and i found someone. there's hope for you yet :)
:d i like drawing those cape-things!
silly, silly boy. :-)
iya dongg :) ihir promosi hehe mampir ke yaa. booth 29-30 :) udah di jec.
thankyouuu! :d :d
on a train.. heading to my managers house up the coast.. listening to amazing music and dreaming of the future. i love you :)
please #ff a beautiful lady :)
oh, sorry i thought you said spanx.. spanx is for making a person look smaller.. :)
it's ok. i won't ask u. :)
overwhelmed by all the ims/texts/calls/@s. so blessed to have all my friends. love all you dudes. thank you so much everyone!! :d
you too big sis, no worries, i know you're a busy lady. just know i still think about ya :)
aww.. but jake is lovable! goodnight :)
said the spaghetti was "fine" but aidan had 2nds. :) i thought it was pretty tasty myself. even better than last week's.
q:vvv uhhh wow? your amazing :d your not ugly or ann... a:thanks so much, that means alot :)
nice jab. :) and hell no!
#ff thanks to you in return. :-) ooh, -- sounds intriguing...
and i'll be 24 next month!!!! taurus :d
go vote for #steamboat in the #welovesoaps #indiesoap of the week poll! :) go show some love #gl
aw shucks....thank u very much :)
just sitting down to watch modern family with the ipad. you're like phil! :) can't wait to get a review!
hotel? where are you? =)
65 degrees at 11:24 p.m. this may be heaven :)
lol!! "i was gonna be a chicken" :)
good to know!! will check it out next time i'm there. :-)
thanks =)
thx, sweets :) sometimes that's about all i got left! ...but hope you're right about that one.....for sure.
i think an example to support that argument would help. are you disappointed that the iphone doesn't solve death & taxes? :)
oh i will. i'm also going to go thru the other drawers and see what else he's hoarding :)
ahh okaay ? soo.. im really bored, im going too the beach tomorrow. :d
yooo its anast hahah we do hack4hack with feli and :)
cute pic :-)
"those who can do, those who can't teach." :) i believe you (as i am tutored by my artist friends). // #thisistrue
yep, no problem other than i'm dozing off on the couch. i guess i should get to bed :) good night
it's in the 'what have we been playing section' so towards the start :)
cool :) what show ?
i probably shouldn't say this but he's at the palace hotel. :-)
just voted for as time magazine's 100 most influential. pls do the same =)
aha i know how to too , thanks anyways :d
someday. :-)
< 2 of my folllower need 2 follow the big bro.. now do it :) and tell me
there u go.. :) done < thanks!
don't worry..u can attempt it later also. :)
oow i hope you'll be fine soon. why you have to do traditional wrestling? you're still 13 :)
gtg! see ya tomorrow guys! goodnight! :d i love u ;) haah bye!
hope it was fun! ipads tomorrow!! :-)
happy "born" day to my boy from || ini es krim bwt kmu, hadiah dr sy :)
yuuuuuuup & its on right now :) the jam "nothin on you"
: it must be a holiday weekend if tim & i are up this late...an watching lord of the rings. i am a great wife. :)
glad someone else love that too :)
waiting for customer feedback, but it fits, so irrespective will buy it anyhow, knowing me! fanboy!! :d
omg i love your picture!!! you and ddub look hot together :)
happy birthday hope your doin' well =)
lmfaooooo...its a herbal beverage =)
yo! its been a longtime :) and i guess,its my fault :)) will do that in sometime :) how goes life in delhi?
thank u sooooo much :-)
add me on oovoo!! spongiebarbie.. havent signed up yet but wen i do that would be my sn,, ^_^
going to beddd... can't wait to hear from my bruno <3 but not until the morning :) goodnight.. watching taylor as i fall to sleep..
go add jesse leefans on facebook! :)
thanks for the retweet :d
please go check out -the new web soap from an other #gl alums-good stuff! :)
ok, ok, one of them is french... // ooh la la :-) ... na i got nothin.
:) warning: the consumption of alcohol may cause you to think you can sing.
u already kno sis :)
#kevinpleasetweet twitter needs you :)
i am so excited for coming to new zealand on april 28th :d
i wish followed more of her fanss.<3 i still love her though! :)
me and the easter bunny are just chillin! ..talking about all the kids that have cavities and are really rude to him! shame on you! :d haha
quite literally *on* the computer. :)
so i finally tired her out. two heavy duty bondage sessions, and multi-mega orgasms and then the full body cocoon took her down; for now :-)
for better or worse, til death do us part. i'll love you with every beat of my heart, i swear! for cheesiness! :)
np!! :d hahaha..aww!! but im sure it was the best part of hers! :p haha..again? fun, fun!! u must be *thrilled* to be spending
hme watching enough :) -- that movie is tight <--- watching it too :)
that's what's up! i can imagine getting goosebumps the whole time. :)
i knew what you meant. i'm drinking wine after all. :)
thanks for the #ff :)
yay!!! i just pre-ordered it!! thanks!! :)
i love the irony of playing "i'm bringing records back" on cdjs =)
well i'm headin to bed. gotta get up in the am and look at a possible girlfriend for jake. i know i put my dogs needs before mine :)
i'm a taurus :) stubborn like a bull, yet the most dependable..
midnight mwahz! to you :-)
they always do :)
lol yes sinners!!! *cracks open a bottle of white wine* #dontjudgeme !!! lmfao joking :-)
the last song :)
don't do it. see the last song instead. :)
goodness! that is fucking beautiful :)
i lead the walkers and we go at about 14-16 min pace so i'm sure you can fit in. :)
obviously, she didn't check her tweets. :-)
just in time! ;-) congrats on making it. hope the week-end sales will be good :)
hope you are having a good day with your momma :)
nouvelle style tofu poke with shitake made by yours truly! :) celebration of the arts #malamamaui
i sprinkled bud & corona on my door sill i hear that repels like garlic to vampires. :d
oh thanks!!! :d
perfect :)
:) your amazing. thank you for the support.
what a long day! ardyss on my mind 24/7.. :) got that promotion i'm feelin good! oh & no mo' #teamsidekick ha i got my phone!
i'm left :d retweet if you write with your right hand. ✍
ilyy too :d anddd im good. wbu
follow joint tweet feed for me & we'll blog about all the madness we encounter & partake in :-)
come on down! :)
trying a new spot in west hollywood :) impressed.. just had appetizers and i'm already claiming an excellent food critique!!
rt: =) lamarichola: aww #dreamie #lexicon is not so hard to decipher at all...we <3 #noodles and hate #wiggio..in fa ...
read? :)
the names daddy ; but u can call me zaddy if u nastyy ♡ :) loll
lol! not a problem! thanks mom lol! :)
ask me questions :)
i would really like to know, like i said i've been pondering this since you mentioned it :)
haha that hannah song is one of my faves :)
no problem :) good, and you??
wassupp twitter :)
wow, that is a good friday! :d
i love you too! :)
