jasmine i love youuuuuuuu! :)
what happened?!? whose ass do we need to kick? :)
when life gives me lemons it seems to make it's own lemonade.. things r lookin very good! :)
if you get me 14 :) lol everyone follow
♬ 'in the flowers' animal collective ♪ // thank you shuffle :-)
it is early morning here now..the night sky still adorns :)
lol not quite, but i'm getting there...i'll let you know when i'm free this coming week :)
have i just created a fucking monster?! btw, i don't make noises like that.... :)
yup yup! i still listen to it all the time :) its just so happy sounding, it makes me happy
link! thanks for checking out the wiz interview, everybody :d
haha he said i was a tease :d
thanks for the #ff :)
ok good stuff girl taking it easy lol...this bad boys 2 is killing it hunh lol :)
me and my lil man. :d the highlight of my week. he's the best.
going on to now, go follow and talk to me there :)
thank you :)
because to many tweens are on twitter is why jb is trending or the world has gone mad :)
i love your song serious :) how are you?
sick on a friday night. dare i start a new game of civilization iv? :d
i would die if jordan did backrubs. :)
have a fantastic time! :)
i know :) teehee gonna retweet that .
next year 4 sure! thank you so so so much! :)
i will be sabrina! thank you for great wishes :)
follow 4 #leadership and more :) #followfriday
good :) lol
yes sir ill be one of them :) xox i will be looking for fresh faces at the (cont)
good morning! here begins the normal weekend. :-)
date night with dinner & clash of the titans :) happy anniversary.
pretty please follow me<33 i love you< 33 please with a cherry on top :d
thank you for the surprise mention his morning. didn't expect that. :)
nah, nothing serious :) thanks for asking though!
cute pic :)
thank you!!! :)
haha yaaay movie night =)
ok, so i am not watching the games, so didn't see that! and you don't count, you nri collector :)
oh, dude. i just saw that now, boo. hahah. david. :)
found ya! reading brb :)
welcome! it's a big deal & should be celebrated. plus the kids are going to think it's beyond cool as they get older. :-)
jasmine, can you follow me please? :) or do you only follow your fans?..
--> haha moe remembers me :) everytime i pas by jamba juice i think of moe.
tan bonito :)
i'm with my boyfriend...during the day!!! :) i live with my family
yuuup! #teamaries! thank u :)
#jayseancometovancouver retweet this. they want you here :)
is onto the next one #nowplaying :)
omg haaarrisonn :) your sooo cute! haha hes got chocolate ice creaam aalll over himm lol :)
cool :) lol and yes. irbid boring =p haha
you too! lots of fun planned with the kid :)
welcome :)
:) ♥ what r ya doing?
#playing: no scrubs tlc<3 // that songs a classic i love it :d
hey, remember me? im the one on ustream who said you remind me of alicia keys? haha your amazing :)
haha...we'll be hard at work :p sooo we promise we won't have too much fun ;)...thanks love :)
suuree ! :) im up foor it ;) ill start right now ;
gracias :) yeah, you'r pic sexy
i would still love him :d he has an amazing voice its not all about looks
sorry lol. thanks :)
i'd go fucking crazy. & then cry : )
who wants to talk to me? :)
#jayseancometovancouver retweet this. they want you here :)
enjoy my old hometown :)
i know :)
i just found a website w/ pix from chuck's concert! lots where u can see me!! :)
im gunna dm justin & christian for the next 10 ppl who follow ! theyve both answered before. tweet me if you follow, goo :)
let's do new album then!:) thank you :) thanks for following me i love your songs! :d
no problem =) thank yu
thank you soo much :)
lol! :) she's like peace out consuelo, i am gonna listen to my man. gotta love them d-dub girls. they will ditch ya for some d-dub! ;) hehe.
home sweet home :) tank is sooo big! awww i heart him.
#shoutout o2 mah new follower .. ! =) <<---- keep me entertained ma. i'll do the same. lol. shuuuup!!!
you tell me :) rt: how's your rapping game tho
my suggestion is to post that in a blog..if we ever done with it :d lol
watching what a girl wants on mtv :)
just had a quick chat with aww, she always makes me smile! :)
i would cry! :)
california!!!!!!! i think it's time to travel. :)
she's a great friend :)
finally at suzieee wongs... looking crazy sheeesh. luv you guys :-)
u did a hot ass background for my sis!!!! wuts good wit mines? ;) lol :)
i always hate you... :)
just got home. damn its hella cold outside. about to head out to starbucks & join my friends danny & jr 4 coffee :)
on the way to jaben malaysia opening now :)
happy b-day 2 the young & sexy have an awesome day & may god bless you to see many more! =) | thank you!!!
i couldn't remember how much, so just rounded it! i think that was including some accessories too. will have to check order :)
aww damn! well it be like that sometimes...gon head & drink up then :)
yup my friends bought 1 each. i'll check it out in the itunes apps. thanks! :)
aw thx i know! :) #honorsociety
had a good good friday :)
sure you can refine your search by gender, price, brand...etc.. the options are on the left side :)
yeay :)
yuppppp! alwayss homo :)
follow for live updates from :)
since morning i've been stuck on "john lennon imagine" simple song, with simple lyurics and simplest music and yet so powerful :)
im liking all this attention he giving me :-)
yeah and hopefully they sit together! :)
it's snowing!! :d
aww thanks for the tip! i'm feeling better now :) lesson learned = don't eat dinner past 7 pm! lol
love how i'm better then ya ex n gon be better then ya next :)
no, i didn't know that! thanks for telling me. i figure i save space! :) oops-live and learn!
