there you go again, making me invisible :) boy, you a magician?!
i dont think its on youtube. they dont allow it. i googled it. like i do with everything else. google bitcch! :d
lol ouch :)
now, that is the truth right there! oh yah, i can just see it now!!! lol!!! :d
talk about support! :) lets do a campaign for joggy to get a full scholarship at #harvard !
yep :) if i dont get you followers quickly im sorry haha
new sublime t-shirts are coming. :)
yesss!!! when i get my work schedule tomorrow, we'll make a thrifting date :)
brb going to my room and ill take the laptop :)
oh and i got a new fedora today :)
you're welcome. :) :)
yay! :d haha night!(:
almost there but first we had to stop off at our favorite mexican restaurant in town. i love mexican food! :)
good #followfriday to you too chica! :)
you r so well :d
lol so :)
i know *mwah* :)
#shoutouts2theboys who don't hit qurls :)
:d ya know me its #fleezy !!!!
a big twug to her on her birthday.... :-) lots of love... mmuuaahh... :-)
hi t! you're welcome!! don't mention it.. :)
back at the studio hanging wit my homie she lookin real good tonite ya'll! :) #georgiapeach
thank you for last night :)
i need a trip to pg county :)
nothing at home watching this madonna concert :-)
hey u know u wanna reply back, so do u have a new fan mail address? :)
im hooooooooooooooooome =) my laundry is laundered, and smelling sring fresh! lol
home sweet home :) literally been going since 8:30 this morning and am working at the speedway 2mrw all day :(
should dm me a happy birthdayyyyy :)
*elsa signing out* thanks btw elsa is back to :)
yes maam :) 60 wins for the 2nd consecutive season. 9th team in history to do that
am i mistaken or is that a pic from your early days on the force? :)
drive by wave!!! :) i'm writing a story about my day with two senior ladies. one of them is my mom! lol! :) how are you?
youuuu are amazing and i obv carry your badass style with me everywhere =) calling you tomorrow!!! as for now, shots shots shots
light green walls, white doors and stained timber desks. :)
well played! i make no promises, but hit us up twitter a week or 2 b4 we're in minneapolis, and we could probably swing it =)
oooh! you get to see my boys after midnight project too. i'm jealous, have fun! :)
:) hey i think has something he would like to tell you & all the other flames fans lol.
let's trend #501carrotsformal later, 9-11pm kst. join us, and let's make it number one! :)
tweet me ? :)
also goodnight :) <3 you guys!
:) i guess that will have 2 be good enuff
thanks for the twugs & luv!! i feel special : ) xo
mampir2 yaa ajak teman2mu :) wow mau.... ada undian cd maliq bertandatangan yg limited itu :)
thank you for the #ff :) tucker
thankssssss<3 haha im so happy that i dont even care that you-know-who is ignoring me :) hahahaha
have to accept no match for the jugs!! :d
mo luks so sexy :) *no paus needed*
im not honey hold on ill see it now =)
brother..sehat gw..gmn lu?rt huakakak..canggih..win,pakabar! :) komplit!! (cont)
the site is launched :) please
ah. i only have one piece from that line, a simple lbd, but i love it. and i just saw that line of shoes! i'm excited :)
a perfect shrimp? just one? :)
follow back please! :) i hope we can be friends.
very cool idea, thanks :) keep those plastic easter eggs for potty training, a great way to offer fun rewards!
nothing :) i'm gonna go to sleep soon but i wanted to check up on you! how was your 18th!??!
i plan on it! :d
i love uh girl with good conversation.. :)
thanks :) #followbored
thank you, sweetheart! yes, keep the encouragement and prayers coming. :)
just scanned a pile of recipes ripped from magazines over the past few months. expect some goodies. :-)
yes and we better plan it up this time :)
sooooo thankful for all my blessings :)
sisterhood of the traveling pants :)
goodnight :) remember that you are amazing and an inspiration to us all
more the better :) what do you think of me and 2 friends podcast
i think is already very excited :) #hansenisclutch #canucks
awww prolly gave his momma a wonderful birthday :)) happy birthdayy :)
#shoutouts2theboys who don't hit qurls :) (((((((my mom taught me well
bitch please, that's why you came down to see me. :) stop grabbin my ghetto booty. :p
seriously..your background and your default pic....i just can't stop staring..have i told u lately, ur beautiful..lol =)
being a student is great :) haha
u got engaged on pbj day! it's national peanut butter & jelly day! yum! one of my faves :)
thank you soooooo much! :)
psht i love how i'm losing followers because i'm inderect testing in third person. :) i had 700 now i have 697
happy bday! :)
<--- now following =)
i'm listening to an online radio show that puts on every week called the back rub...i met get...um graphic. :)
i can feel my arteries clogging just reading that :)
chk out your dm kim :) :)
[nixhurley tweets ] "take up the issues today, with soul" :d
hopefully the tampa station can get the 1st story together on-air without a hitch for the newscast on a regular basis! :)
love the fact that only retweeted #ff's today... so this guy probably is one that u should folllow.. :)
would you guys like to see some wayfarer sunglasses? :) a bunch of colors, for like $15-$20? :)
thank you. as my prayers go out to you and your family. : )
thanks :)
never ans'd my email, #fail. :)
goodnight, frankie, pleasant dreams :)
#shoutouts2theboys who don't hit qurls :)
kavia is 7 today :) happy birthday lil angel. my miracle baby.
thanks so much for the #ff shout :) enjoy your weekend!
so who's out getting drinks?? i need to partake!! :)
aww it\'s so cute! :) i love it! (@joejonas)http://yfrog.com/7bcm4skj
ahaa khia looks a ratchet ass mess :-) * referring to that mto article *
yum. i'll be right over :)
follow thursday night #soca fix if your not following already! :)
i am going to see it tomorrow morning with my mom!!! :-)
it's 12:16am here :)
you're welcome :-)
happy b'day rica :) happy b'day yaa...smg pnjng umur,sehat slalu,sukses ;)
