eating at bubba gumps. :)
:)
it's ok you still made me laugh and you still win a cookie :)
hope that means you managed to give her something :)
ladies 4 ladies chaooo :) tonight in the 818 "girl spot" & next saturday
lmao..@youngcam makes my heart melt.. n gives me butterflies sumtimes.lol..such a sweet man..<- aww..i luv ya fa tht :-)
can you come be my nurse this week when i'm stuck in the hospital? i trust you to stick me with needles :)
waving right back at you, buddy! :)
no blue for me. think i'll stick to pinks :)
hi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! how are you boo??!?!??! i'm good, thanks for asking! i miss you :-)
i know :)
-- thankz :)
hahaha that is adorable!! :)
#shoutouts2dadudez who can appreciate a good female like myself . i fucks with you guys the long way :)
this time in 3 days ill be in melboure :) this time next week i'll be in melbourne ^_^
never mind fisher only scored a 2..w/e he just scored again lol...so were up 3 :)
ha! even smaller drawings? soon you'll want us on a grain of rice. :)
happy birthday to and :)
next time you think "it's not in the cards for me", remember, you get to shuffle the deck. :) #imt
well when you try please send me the video :)
thanks :) #ff these cool tweeps
bout to get it in in btown tonite! lol shocker :-)
i need my belly rubbedddd :) lol nvm i'm too ticklish 4 that shit.. get the right person
q:reema or mihir? a:reemz :)
well for one thing in business don't give away copies, your works and time are worth money :-)
awwwn...then go to dominican republic!!! :d
if i'd never used twitter and judged it by the "top tweets" scrolling on the new home page, i'm not sure i'd sign up. just sayin'. :)
toys 'r thus'? sounds like toys 'r us so yaaaaay!!! i love that store!!! so many fun things!!! :d :d
a fire!? :) we're watching a movie outside tonight. i forget that you're still cold up there!
yesterday u had me abt ready to high five your grin. :)
first ten people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/christian need to follow/dm!! :)
shower flow.....steammmyyyyyyyy :)
you know you like the way jb rolls! :) so ask us a question! :)
i am checking out very cool extension for chrome. like it already :) #allinonesocialsharing
watching tv with my wife :)
hey there! :) just wanted to say hi... just started following you.
i love my bestfriends :) go follow all of them <3
lmfaoo i wasnt mad i was joking :)
lol really? you're hanging your cap on *first* half of *last* season? wow..hope really does spring eternal for red sox fans. :)
#furiouslytweetingawaymygloomymood :( ------> :d
follow me back? please :d
yessssir oooh wee!!! : )
you're welcome thanks for organizing great conference :)
iget em thoe.all the fame & shyt but like we talk on aim alot.dats why was like what.watever idc :) who ignored you thoeee?
i'm going to kick back and relax. hang out with the family. : )
if you should be in bed go there :-) ....thank you for your email i am in holiday mode so shall reply next week....
talk to me twitter :)
oh sweetie i 100% agree with you. now what are you going to do about it? :-)
lets keep #jonasbrothers trending forever and ever :)
you obviously haven't watched true blood :)
q:ur fav. color? :) a:blackk && hot pink; yourss.? [:
helloooooo kelly :) we missed u too
there's the #bluejays i remember...giving up the game in the bottom of the 9th. doesn't matter. i'll still watch anyway :)
dude it's dope, i saw it this week and i couldnt stop laughing :d i reccomend. how's miami?
thanks so much for the follow friday! have a great weekend. =)
you need to relax and enjoy the game. :)
then we are going to see clash of the titans. he is planning it all. that is nice for a change. =)
good morning! feel great here :)
lol! just saw your tweet! thank u so much! :-)
congratulations on your 4yr anniversary, i know i'm one of many who think you've done a great deal to open up the company :)
don't feel pressure from me i will take you as you are :) look fwd to seeing you this summer
yep... but he got to choose... i got lucky on the in-law/friend front! :)
ahha u btr be sorry! :) imma unfollow u now ;) jk... and nothing eating honeycomb cereal! :) btw u should make a tinychat! :p
we interview alot of la's celebrities! our site is www.youtube.com/greekradioandtv for exclusive celebrity interviews! :)
lmao! i was acting a fool at the hospital! me and couldnt stop laughing! we're high off life :)
congrats to kathryn for pickin up that rm 100.. dont worry, next hour you will have anotha chance to pick up some cash :)
ha! that's the former bag =)
you are very welcome. the story is excellent so far. :)
20 for 20 anyone ??? (900+) :)
mine is a rat, what that means? fyi: if your avatar is your ass and not your face, i'm blocking you. :)
wooooooo the fuck hoooooooo!!! 'bout time bro! :) cheers!
haha yeah i was sorta expecting that from the trailer. still it might be good for mindless fun :)
i am writing an ode. :) a serious ode. this is my evening devotion. :)
^_^
ohh nice :)
get #wearefearless trending because we are well, fearless :d
thankz :)
oweeee im cumin in =)
#jonasbrothers fans are awesome :)
first person to follow will get listed 20 times + huge shoutieee :)
blasting skylark album while i cook =)
cause they're awesome :)
aka young donald trump #muuuuuuah xoxo =)
first person to follow will get listed 20 times + huge shoutieee :d
#justsayin :)
from a sony event. do you see what i see? :d (with the drink)
...really? thats cool but to much work lmfao i gave everryone my email and was like search me :d
awesome friends, appreciate your : )
well get s0me rest l0vebug =)
by all ways and means, woz never did quit working for apple. :-)
i loved that movie so much :)
only one more hour until i get to my mom's...whoooooooo!!!! :) i love going home.
thanks ash :) updated fye sales chart for the interested
i guess what i been sayin is ther ain't no better reason to rid urself of vanity and just go wit da seasons :)
that's cool! i thought about it, but as i didn't finish nanowrimo, well... motivation...! :d
thanks :) and it's okay :)
chillen buddy :) thinking bout calling it a night a lil early. you?
:d
a lot actually :)
im already following you silly :)
uh not really sir. youre the only person on my timeline that threw shade at my love for spongebob. f*ck your life :d
money comes to me freely and easily, coz we're best friends like that :)
shawty im out<3 :d
i just took "you are walking down the street of a..." and got: you need to freakin read ur story! :) lol! try it:
iya dong. hahaha. ayo bersepeda shen. wah mantafff kaliii :) selamat pagi!!! harini ngegowes ke kampus
lmao! why thank you!! =)
#thanx 4 all the #ff mentions.. i appreciate you =) xoxo (=
so i'm going now every weekend just to see my boo again... at night i think of you, i want to be your lady baby! yeah you. :-)
please follow they will follow you back :)
always good to see you in the stream! :) ~ thanks. always great to see you too. : )
thanks so much for the follow friday (even though you're not following me haha)! have a great weekend. =)
so....i'mma have go in and get me my food :)
they will boozerrrrrrrr/williams and that other team! // :d jazz better win!
wake up son o mine mama's got something to tell you all about growing pains life will have its way with your pride son . beautiful song :)
hi sooooo ... <sup you :)
congrats on making it to finals!!!!!! i will have my fingers crossed for you that day :)
heeey :)
good morning tweeps :-) its a bright saturday morning , rise and shine!
first ten people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/christian need to follow/dm! :)
the first 3 people to this tweet gets, a free shoutout! :)
i like that you call them sunnies. stealing that :)
omg. this is amazingg! :) justin, tayor swift, jason derulo and ludacris
#ff my friend :) •• aww thanks luv!! everybody follow this fly guy right neowww!!!!! ;)
yes i did!!! :d #jonasbrothers
does that mean no? :( you see.. those photographers are not me!!! :d
thanks for all the #ff luv today :) my followers are the best...
sorry i'm already following her :)
hi sky :) jay said show tommorrow nite.
lmao. your so right. ahahah :)
that's always good! i'll have that for sun and mon hopefully. :)
:-) we all can thanks nb for that
from malaysia :) what's your fav song an mv by tswift?? #wearefearless
okay, i will :) yay for dr mmmelle day.
shit bout to get off work and burn wit ma trainer :) wut bout u
yaay found someone whos 17 :d
5000th tweet goes to \\ yay!!!! lol ^_^
thunda is my ally :d we go way back
you're truly welcome, larry! : ) #liberty #freedomfighters
procura "who's the cutest?" e põe no estou com sorte... fofo :)
i'm way, way late to pc gaming in general. :)
i have decided, you can all refer to me as little helper :] or #little8er :d
i wrote to you :) haha.
i'm just a fundraiser thankful/hopeful that he will never see another stretch like this in my lifetime. :)
you've got disneyland :-)
except for me. i'm not that great. :) #ff
listening to gospel music && sipping on 4lokos lol #random but that's how we do he's able :)
ur welcome sist ;) thank you dear :) go follow now!! she's my 1st follower!! go go go!! 5
flag me when yu td! murda val ca! • i shall be there for good in june ^_^
24 guests... someone's gotta register :) lol
he's purging his bad juju. trust me. when he's enraged find a computer immediately cuz his best shit comes out :-)
okay i need to do somthing fun. :) any ideas.
did you make them? =)
i understand that :) get your entire school to come its for an amazing cause! we really need to raise money!
the picture you posted?? :-) hehe i gotta go check on my cupcakes!! bbs!! ;-)
i iz. i'm going to reunite with my daughter :)
the first 3 people to this tweet gets, a free shoutout! :)
"thank ya, easter bunny...bauk bauk...lol ( i am reallly silly today)..you do the same! : )
yes yes oh yes :-)
#shoutouts2dadudez with jay-z lips . . bet ya'll eat a mean pussy ! :)
jammin' to pushplay. :)
thanks to all who joined me in my chat :)
#jonasbrothers should be there every single day!!! it is true!! :d
lol sorry i missed ur tweets earlier! yeah, i've been pretty lucky this past month. so so thankful :) lmao tweeting queen..
thank you! good news. :)
q:hey its me :) lets have some talk... a:hi.
do you want to date justin?!!! then follow if you do :)
((* 0ff t0 the m0viez, b0ut t0 g0 see "why did i get married t00" *)) yay! talk t0 ya later twiggas =)
house special chicken, wonton soup and cream cheese wontons to go =)
mhmmm, a beast of a machine she'll be if you've got coverage. sprint is a no go here. :)
oh yeah we will! hope we get a warm day soon. this was still quite fun though! :d
retweet if you are an alien from neptune named corneilious that likes to bust out mad gangsta raps & jerks all the time :d
hello, lovelies, i'm communing with the corporate mouse in orlando :-)
lol! we love that book around here! :)
easter vaca with the besties :)
we have several banners. what size would you like? we would also like to add a banner from your site :-) #fringe
for reals. got my xtra large bottle of kiehls creme de le corp for palm springs :)
u got ya wish :)
hello fachzsa, nice to meet you.. im 18.. lol.. :) what are u doing now???
good :)
if you plan to go to a #jonasbrothers concert this year :)
ty so much, i followed for u :)
bye a todos =) twitter off
thank you :)
now that i'm done with all these shoots, i have 2 get in touch with so that she can suck my dick..err i mean, work with me :)
so glad you enjoyed! thanks for the reblip! :-)
umm idk how to play that yo what's ur lucky num? i'm goin to ac :) craps. i win i'm splitin moola wit you friend
yes i did!!! gonna respond and send mp3s tonight :)
wow is it chika's introduction into university?? :)
sounds like you are in downtown vegas : )
was thinking of a cup of tea w baileys but the tea will keep me awake. guess i should just have the baileys then :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
all my dawgs better get in here..i might start my live show early :d
:d lol it's all that working out and stuff. don't want to stop though, right?! :)
goodnight :) <3 and i love you too friend! :d #jonasbrothers
scared of u!! i got ur message this morning too lady! :) gotta check the funds!!lol
i'll be the other host!!! :-) bigz presents b*tches for beginners might have to start a show lmao
oh ok...we were at phipps...just thought it would be crazy if we were at the same place! :)
be careful :)
i'm at sing sing. come join the party! i just told a stranger about our show w/ and she's coming! awesome! you should too. :)
shoutout for shoutout ? :d
