that is what makes it so good. lol!!!! i hate dark beers!! too much after taste and bitter! ugh! :-) red wine or vodka = happiness
at the warriors game :) good game so far. (via
khloemoney! i want to do a feature on you for my humanitarain blog! follow so i can dm you! :)
and.... :)
-it's funny the btchs who were "the shit" in hs all fat & ugly now. guess who's got the last laugh, btchs? =) [ g o o n i g h t ] ♥
#fact is the best twitter group from indonesia i have ever know :d i love her
can't wait to read 'delivering happiness' by tony hsieh <- and seeing him at :)
watch babe i love you. grand opening today. :-)
fact #25: justin's favorite food is spaghetti :)
ahh okaay :d i really need to get a personal account.
lol :-) you were included in that too
can 4 people list me? i'll list you 10 times :d
now, go to bed and get some rest! :)
.@sofakingjewish that's the root of our differing views then. we just like different shows for different reasons. but at least it's sf! :)
askkk meeee questionsssssssssssssss :)
rt: this made me think of you... alott :) = thats the biggest nutella jar/bottle ever! haha
lol just finished dinner & i'm listening music :)
anyone live in atlanta and will be at justins next week? guess who's gonna eat there? me! maybe we'll run into eachother :)
great to meet you thanks for the connection :-)
kooooool stuufff! =]
i have a friend who came from france :)
going to bed!!! =)
i didn't pay you to say that did i??? :) thank you!!!!!!!!!!
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
see my previous tweet :-)
i have more..it's the patron orange .. we should throw a party and i'll bring you your own bottle :) lol
i would never duck you! were you out here? u got the celly don't rely on twitter... :-)
it's on this canadian menu :-)
my chicas are my entourage :)
no booking for jenna! :) is coming to me! (perks of being famous) lmao! it's kinda true.
lol thankkk u :)
if i didn't have back problems i would sooo take karate lessons :d
ty sica! and you of course :) women that shine #ff
go to cbs.com to vote for acm entertainer of the year, for tay tay please!!!!!! :) :) :)
:/ eh. and hey, its okay. its your day. you get the happiness :)
lol i said im sorry..make fun of me on how im american lol. :)
thank you! cheers! :-)
:) email me your address! erdickey at gmail dot com
yeah, tonight was his first game back. :d got 2 assists tonight. love seeing him out there. =)
folks are asking about where you are in the glog can you at least come for a few minutes? :)
thanks :)
better give me some good places to eat in may!! :)
#jonasbrothers llegara este tweet a los 100 rt?? locooo!! :)
happy easter to you and it's a pleasure connecting with you as well satoko! :)
omg! i can't believe you just did that! spam! *unfollows* lmao! jk jk :d you know i love ya!
thankyou kaaaaaak follow adikku yang ini nih buruan! ----> 3 followers dong thanks :)
iyah di ulang itu,sudah lama banget :d ada kang anteve...
well yeh!!! ok .. talk to u later . and pls don't tell to blueprincessa what told u pls!! !! :)
shouts to: and -- alex m :)
my bff just burped....ewww :)
i'll happy to follow any jonas fans out there. cmon, i have no problem with following any jonas fans :d #jonasbieberpeace
dude, is your tv broken? try hitting it on the side. :)
aren't you a sweetheart! thank you :)
sweet. i have really been huntinh for one. tyvm my friend. :)
well, heck, yeah then lolol! i'll dm u my addy. ty ty ty =)
on an adventure with & right now, ethan's making a sweet new hiphop track & i'm programming some drums to my ep :)
yeeeaaaiiiy thank youuu... :-)
good! :-)
okay am out for a little while going to a dinner party, hopefully by then i will have two more followers to add those photos... :)
lmao yeaah, but oh well :d haha so whaats up ?
<3 :)
yeah :\ but i talk to them every night lol :)
you can, you arent lol :) i'll dm you k?
shoutout to my tweeps for putting up with my gametime colorful use of language. fakeness (i.e. cavs) just irks a girl. love you guys! :d
thank you kurtiss. i hope you have a happy easter weekend too! :-)
hey reed u always reply 2 ur fans ur so generous! :d
soon as i can tell you i will : )
love the mornings but only when i'm not working :) nice to get all the things done in the am
follow me on tumblr if you have one :)
i know i'm so excited. can't wait for it to arrive :d
you're very welcome! : )
aww! :) coffee again this week? blasting skylark album while i cook =)
thx! thankyouu :) #followfriday on #goodfriday
clearly... 31! lol. :) fusions is the move 2nite.
spam my inbox please! :d ~~~>
thats the type of old lady that i want to be :)
can u follow me back please ? :)
thank you very much for #ff mentions :)
#follow =)
im live and im going to tell all about classyqueen bein fake as enoguh ppl come in :d
yeah i wish :)
who loves #jgf : ) #jgf
i know life gets hard, but it's all a part of the plan. when nothing goes right, you just need to take a left :) <3
one of the many benefits of being a mommy =)
thats good hahaha what u doing 4 the weeknd :d
too soon for him to come back, never too soon to make that remark :)
yeah i know :) lol
that's so awesome :) for reals. and you can.
thanks love i needed that. <333333 i have more confidence now. :)
lol i already have an aa in accounting, but never got managerial accounting so i'm grabbing it :) thanks!!
11 more guys!! lets gooo! :) <3
oh boo. he's got to get with it! :)
hahah works 4 me :d
looks like a need a 4.2 license now... :-)
i do agree with you though, bc when they are at diff shows, its focused just on individual bands, themselves :)
yep :)
its a black nd white affair but not mandatory! but just look real lady! :)
#ff check out her new youtube channel about being a girl gamer. & help her get some fans! :)
great call agreed. that's why i left la :) why do people feel the need to (cont)
aww thanks! it's one of my favs too :)
oath of intention, belief and purpose {please pass it on...} peace :)
did i just see a fuckn fox!!.. #countrylife << awww they are so cute. snap a pic next time plz :)
nopee, whats yourr link? :)
this used to be my personal :)
i know . so it shouldn't matter . :)
hehe i should have spared more time then :)
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
i hate follow friday, but i'm down to your funnies :)
hey there. time to check you dms :) haha
thank you so much! with all the traveling we are both doing, hopefully we will bump into each other at the airport! :-)
nice to meet u 2 :)
agreed. :) i am happy to be influenced by all of them (and you).
www.mymarkstore.com/elissalloyd lady's if you're on a computer, peep it! :)
nom nom that dessert sounds yummyyyyy!! :) i just love pringles hahaha
shoutouts <3; :d
i'm a huge fan of the 1981 clash of the titans from my childhood, and the new remake gets a big thumbs up from me. so there :)
thanks for the follow back :d n i will deff make ya smile :d
sorry i do not know anyone. hey :d do you know any buddies in a studio in indianapolis fir a summer job would you?
thankyou glad you enjoyed it! aiden said he got his card too :)
the laker game having blast i needed this thanks :-)
lol yes chocolate is taking off sexy mama...let's get it :)
easy, pink or yellow =)
why thank yu ! :d lol .
it's everybody loves raymond marathon time! :d
hubs is off to be w/his boy boyscouts,3 generations there!he loves his pop :)
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
glad it helped. <33333 and now that i'm finally done for the day, i can rescue muyi-hime and head home. :)
yesp :)
haha, bola itu bundar bung hary :) anything is possible
:-) how cool would it be to have them walk into where we are at? lol but i am dreaming again lol
good, i succeeded :)
happy birthday! enjoy it :)
i caught it jus n time lol thanks :) nicktoons channel is having an invader zim marathon
my fav picture :) << lovelyybg photography
correction: they did dominate. :)
thank you :)
you are a very commited gent! kudos to you and your love :)
pre-recording.. :)
yes ! :d
it was fun. crazy but fun! just watched you on qvc!! sounded great!! :-)
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
thanks =) g'looks www.officialgat.com check it ;)/when i get to a comp i will check it out
that's cuz we are awsome! =)
can you please follow my personal :d
are you what they call a "late adopter"? :)
hhahha thanks. i love you too :)
will do! #ff check out on yt bout bein a girl gamer. & 2get her sum fans! :)
at least you have a green twitter theme :)
okay going to take a shower, i'm smelly! while i'm gone please read this? and comment? :)
that made me smile :) i really do wish i was a lil bit taller :/ // perfect height..-aww me 2
listed you 20times instead!! :)
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
nothin really just chill with my dad and thank yu for the ff :d
is brizzly for iphone or bb? :)
hahaha! thanks :)
thank you esmaa for the very kind mentions this week, the conversation, the rts and the great information that you provide! :-)
i'm in trouble then :)
btw guys, go follow my personal twitter: :d go follow and too! :d
that is a good deal :)
haha kirill is my hero. he rted my tweet and i got all these new followers. im happy :d
at my moms now feeding her cats as she's in tecate..lot's 2 do in little time! a wonderful weekend 2 all & happy easter 2 those of faith :-)
yeah actually you were. but i'll let it slide cuz i know bieber fans have short term memory :)
any others wat any shoutouts!??? :d
it's getting worse and worse every day for jesse with newer things about him coming out. it's glorious!! :)
:) <3
hmmm...miley cyrus is cute. :)
fo those dat dont kno.easter is about jesus givin his life n risin again so we can have everlasting life #nowthatisall :)
thk you for #ff. :-)
g'night! it was nice chatting to ya! :)
thanks :)
i know i left for a while and come back to find there was yet another scam artamata< footloose is on i may just go watch that :)
a no brainer!! you can sleep later!! :)
twitter working! :) did you get my email?
spent the day with this girl :) absolutely amazing!!!!!
so do i. :) wasn't so nice here unfortunately but oh well. ;)
thanks for those sweet words cheers! :-) #ff
go follow --> <-- :)
actually call me noe...if you want :) that's my only #saynow ur awsome! follow her!!
next person who follows ill dm christian and justin 20 times to follow/dm you ! gooo :d
nooo i would die to tho! i have front row tickets for his summer tour though :) have you?!
71 days 21 hours 55 minutes until season 3 and fresh blood :-)
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
great :) had a good sleep? hehehe i'm super good! i had an awesome day & got my tattoo done :d
fun :) -- as for me i'm here tweeting n hanging with my boys and :)
nothing eating captain crunchh. lol.and formspring youu?@biebermoment heeeey :)
thanks :)
mmm i have you read any of biebers tweets or seen the way he acts...evidently not. but you have an opinion and so do i. :)
please watch my videos on youtube! :) heres my link to my youtube channel
lol, i totally read "crocheting" with a hard 'ch' instead of soft. i'm glad you're not crotcheting. :-)
:) wasn't it!! lol
great :)
#jonasbrothers are truly the best :)
i loveeee my world 2.0 i listen to it more than once everyday haha! its soo good proud of you :)
not thinking at all, just shoot when i feel like it :)
thanks i'll check there :)
getting off the computer (i need to stop being lame on a friday night). going to watch a movie. dm or text me! i'll be waiting for you.. :)
sure you are, parts of you are very tiny. : )
hahahha internet bb gue mati good good :) -.-
