hey did i ever thank u for this? :) gracias! #shoutout to my super star follower!!@desisanchez takin over ya tv!!
yup, rum is my weakness :) hmmmmm watch out nyc!
awh itsok! we still love you :) about time you guys take rest tho! <3
first nine people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/sean/ryan need to follow/dm! :)
yup i uploaded it on myspace/facebook! :d #jonasbrothers
#jonasbrothers !!! who fucking cares what your listening to??? :)
listening to radiooo showw ayee son where's my shoutout?!! :d
i am running a backlog as far as movies r concerned,how i could be so unproductive :)
that's that ol skizzool! =) what chu know bout that??
woot!! yay for non-english standard punctuation!! :) crossing fingers!
lol yur soooo rightttt. ineed to get a life lmao. but im in chill modeeeee. aha. not lazy, but chill =)
about going bed, really happy because the guys of my dreams. jb :) & i hope tomorrow i can see #jonasbrothers. biebiebie.
cracking up at this old women twirling to the music in the restaurant. old people are the best. haven't a care in the world. :)
sup butta wut troble u caused today ?? <of course! :)
nada chillin work..lookin 4ward 2 my off day tomorrow :d
you're welcome! it's been my pleasure! :)
:) also on the ipod: sam cooke, nina simone, stevie wonder, & otis redding. springtime musics!
:) #followfriday #love >>
you need to disapprove leaving 12am and get out 11pm :-)
if you love me. i'm bored :d i would love to see how many amazing beliebers love me :)
girls i cant here yhe back rub till tomerrow im sorry =( somebody please record it for me and tweet it to me. =)
nice. if you're at wondercon come watch me moderate the panel for "happy town" tomorrow morning! :)
:-) #imjustsayin lol..... only u dana!, thanks 4 the warning,,,, :-)
nice! we're going to have that jpag meetup, so we can do some nightly events as well. :)
thanks hehe *hugs* : )
hey :) read ur dm please lol
i want a space paranoids machine! :)
annnd welcome :)
that's it for me tonight. thanks for all the rts! pls keep spreading the word. c'ya all again tomorrow night. take care and stay safe! :)
aw thanks bff! ur beautiful 2 :)
:) so wat you up to? ? ?
it was a great day :) we made 9 'family 5 first' videos to post for our families at fuse at home!!
ahh i know! i think im going to read the book soon :)
até dia 23 :) hiuashauishaus' quaando se quiser :)
really? #awshucks you should ^_o -- deadass! :/ lol :)
cleaning suckkss haha, & thats okay :)
lol! it happens when u just sitting doin nada #kanyeshrug :-)
okiies :) thanks for playing gts with me :p haha im gonna do wwyd later :d thats so much fuun <3
lol...telling you that "ain't no cat"... :)
"oh and i burp a lot" bahaha. me too carrie :d
hi janine! i can drop by your house on my way to lp..okay lang to pick up donation this afternoon? may i have your mobile pala? :)
no thanks needed.. we like to #ff people who write things that catch our attention, or #ff us or message us. :-)
haven't said anything about it yet, but rip john forsythe. between ca and dynasty, you definitely were watched and listened to. :)
if u follow i will put you on the list to be followed by justin,christian, & sean kingston . :)
keep thinking it's saturday or sunday. so happy when i remember i still have two more days of weekend left :)
air five :d
hello ray =) happy saturday to you!! and really appreciate your commenting on bit rebels very insightful =)
cupcake suits: i can envision the pink pinstripes and pleated paper forms posturing to ice one anothers baked goods. :)
excited to see you tomorrow! :d
thank you love! goodnight, i love you! :)
followed! please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
moderation is the key. :-)
thanks for the #ff :)
and you all really need to sign this :) <3
why? i think if u did it u would really enjoy it =) lol..trust me
yeah that's why its rare to have mine straight i'm lazy and rather sleep the extra hour :)
you are loved! :d i'm one of the many that does.
:) woohoo!! new album soul shifter on sale (cont)
backrub link if you want to tweet it out: www.tinychat.com/nkairplaystream :)
lol. i just don't like it. ahah. & thankiees :)
& that's a wrap!! :)
thank you buat hifriends yang semalem udah nonton thank you thank you thank you!!!!! have a nice weekend :d
hi : )
made me cry.. totally. going to tweet all my thank yous tomorrow so get ready :)
ur welcome :)
just made some rich chocolate cupcakes for tomorrow's dove party! i'm so excited. :)
not until the summer. a mustang :d
:) im good hbu
i love her. she's a hilarious dork. :d
okkay byee :)
listening to don omar's "pobre diabla", wondering why people down reggaeton as a whole. :-)
hi to you too =)
no prblem tweet-heart :-)
awww! thx for the #followfriday love. :d
i'd like either one :d
plz vote for ! its daily,one click & such a great photo! lookee those doggies :) thank you and plz
wow :) i put on to u. how u love them apples?...lol u probably gon get radio play in vegas now....lol
thank you for the #ff love :-)
ah april fool joke still working :-)
i told him yes to the sheep birthing (good practice with people? as a nurse) i'll see him tom at church. :)
u know its bad when the prsn admits they're fucked up- bc only mod drunk ppl try 2 deny, lol :) i drunk txt not dial
thanks man it was so nice to see all the whitebait family again. all the best with the show this year :)
i do too :)
yay now we can skype when we are both on at the same time :)
q:how was your day today? :d a:great!! and yours!?:)
gr8 day! was able 2 go 2 the salon 4 a few hours : ) & went to 1 of the 22 services our church is having this easter. now off 2 zzz...night
i'm soo supercalifragilisticexpiladofresh, and yess i do know how to spell that word :d
:d.... i caught that story off the spanish news. didnt hear about it on english tv. figures. u alex jones fan? :)
thanks so much : )
the ghost brigades by awesome sci-fi from one of the masters :)
let's try an target in on royals tix for fri night game against bos... :)
many thanks for the #ff and hugs to highly recommended extremely excellent losties and :d #lost
if you're at wondercon come watch me moderate the panel for "happy town" tomorrow morning! :)
#nowplaying "massive attack" by <-- #metoo :)
i live in new york :)
and you all really need to sign this :) <3
q:would you be willing to eat a bowl of live crickets fo... a:nope, its not enough money :)
awhh (: yay remys taking rest! :d
have a great day! pagi jg :) hoaem!!selamat pagi semuanya!
if you love justin oldies :) ( one time, favorite girl, love me ) (:
thank you for the lovely #followfriday and comment :)
thank you very much darling! god bless you! :-)
thankfully i wasn't awake ten points to for warning me. :)
awww #jonasbrothers is trending! so good to see these boys back on top! trending higher than bieber at least... :d
if you love justin oldies :) ( one time, favorite girl, love me ) (:
i'm better :p. lol i mean oh that's nice :) lol
yeah yeah guess so ! this is dana not neda though lol :d
if you agree . justin bieber is talented, hot, amazing, nice, caring, hot.. :)
haha yeah man, but we are peace n love are we not my bro? :-)
q:both :) a:one of my favorites has to be by eminem... "i'll take it back to before we knew e...
i love having people in my life so willing to be my guinea pigs for food. now if only someone would do my dishes, i'd be set :d
ayooo mampirrr gw n jg k mampir ke yaa. booth 29-30 :)
watching hitch, my life feels like a romantic comedy. finding out i have some great social media friends that genuinely care. :)
i love being able to help so many women in the dance industry & with upcoming dance auditions! :d good luck to all of you! ♥
:-)
:) ahaha i fricken love u you were officialy there for me the whole time
:)
look what anaya put on my laptop =)
geez late night lol.. yea had plans 2 go out but friends wanted 2 stay in, ehh prob 4 the best anyway, keep me outta trouble :)
nooo! #jonasbrothers is falling! get it to 1 again! :d
ask me sumthing please :-)
making a plate of left overs. wait till ya see this plate! :d
whether you require my apology or my forgiveness, it is yours. i am your friend :)
who is excited for easter??! i am :) chocolate! eggs!! bunnies!! xoxo
awesome! you are totally in the #traincrawl! :)
& his beautiful bride..popping champagne :)
thank you my friends =) have a great day/evening
thank you for congratulating elijah! :-)
the new modern family episode is about phil getting the ipad! :d
good morning everyone :)
that's my bro homie! all love <-- yea all my bros are in my icon! lol but ok homie! =)
whew. ok. good!! i'm not a large fan of vamps at all. i still can't believe i read twi saga. haha! but stf rocks my world =)
you're right, it is. it feels so late though! :)
hehe. :3 mmm... i dunno. what do you feel like? :)
tyler perry time! "why did i get married" this should be good! :) ...jbynoe..
thanks for the rt. i'm a fan of netshare and would love to be a guest on your ask the coach :-)
is a good singer :) go follow her, <3 ya
:) hi watz up?...
oh yeah =)
hahaha. will check again tomorrow. :)
simon bamford and i from his visit to la //very nice. :)
earlier my 3yr old was like #lookmommy :) leaning back & my 8yr old was like "he is trying 2do a back flip but thats the best he can do" lol
lmao i hope donnie reads that :) im sure he knows that already lol
backrub link if you want to tweet it out: www.tinychat.com/nkairplaystream :)
first seven people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/sean/ryan need to follow/dm! :)
i'm a nerd; i liked school :)
uqh.mom knows how to make her dauqhter feel better. =) thnxx mommy de quero mucho mi amor lolz...
:) so whats your name <3 the username ;)
hey :) i'm from rainhill, how about u?
oh well thats a good reason. i'm glad you have self control..i don't...its hard to say that. :)
your welcome sweetie :) now up a tattoo pic lol
tell us where to kiss it :)
it's freezing ballz in my house! i have a feeling that's about to change :)
haha awesomee! nad yess! vip baby <33 hahahah no! im scared too. :)
hockey medium. you called it! :)
7 more beliebers go followw >>> ! tell me if you did for a shoutie :)
hehe :) ==> just there mere thought of u 2 together sent a shiver up my spine
clickkk thissss & ill give you a shoutie or whateverr you wantt :d
aww thank u lovely :)
goodnight :)
hi! i just wanted to tell you its great you get to see ur friends soon! im happy for you :-) take tons of pics :) take care!!
lol i have my laptop too... but it's because i'm trying to get some work done :)
it was nice. mainly the teens in the youth council were there, but we're preparing for bigger things. :)
i'm out of cookies! was lots of fun :) we'll have to pick back up later this weekend!
my day was great =)
:) it will. and thanks!! my twiends think so lol. and i am almost 16! very excited for that! -tay
your fico score only matters if you need debt :)
go and follow > < and ill give you a shoutout! just tweet me :)
not as cute as you haha :) hands off my man
go and follow > < and ill give you a shoutout! just tweet me :) ,,
sultana's is poppinq right now :) ahhhhhhh
yep, not :-)
yeah, it's just a bunch of crap. no worries! :)
go and follow > < and ill give you a shoutout! just tweet me :) ,
lol looks like i'm going to be a rare commodity then :) #shoutout2dagirlz who had there children after the age 25... #rare!
go and follow > < and ill give you a shoutout! just tweet me :) .......
thanks happy easter :)
anytime :)
im good.. :) other than busy how are you?
oh thats good news then :d
go and follow > < and ill give you a shoutout! just tweet me :) !!!
*makes an insanely cute face while giggling* teeheeheeeee! :d
#randomthought hmmmm... interesting if usher & chilli get back together #imjustsayin ... everything comes full circle :)
if you love justin oldies :) ( one time, favorite girl, love me ) (:
deal. :) hope the celebrations are going amazing.
hi joan :) how are you? long time no tweet... happy easter :)
thank you for the #ff love :-)
well its a good thing that theres a mix in my list lol, had 2 follow u by the way, just fyi :)
luckily i'm not dealing with that age group yet!! haha... :) today my 2 yr old wanted to hear jingle bells in the car, though!
up late watching red dwarf on netflix streaming. having this "on demand" might justify the subscription fee alone. :)
ahhhhh, girls after my own heart. i weep w/joy :)
do you wants jonas on tyra banks?? well follow thank you :)
i will be at the kings tomorrow night too and i can't wait. the next several days are going to be very exciting! go kings go! :)
12am here in the eastcoast! :d
no way. :d
you just wish u were as cool as (: last song tomorrow with my best friend! :d
yah, there's also going to be a moment in his life where he is gonna get married. i'd be happy for him. :)
i will keep trying, trust me. :)
backrub link if you want to tweet it out: www.tinychat.com/nkairplaystream :)
cool, thanks dude! =)
