sunday morning inspiration: happy sunday everyone!! :d
fresh inspiration comes out every sunday morning. and this...
#bryantjames follow and i'll add u :)
glad to have you around in #agchat. we need more organic voices. lots to learn from each other :)
wish i could've been there. love the comic. :)
where are you located? come to see me later in seoul :) !!!!
cody :) u know u wanna tweet me! please tweet something nice to meee! i luv yah swagger boy hahaha :)
i'll have to check it out! :-)
yes, celebrating his birthday today :)
my sweety pie :)
the press is looking for you now :) you have green hair yet? :) is looking for blue (i mean you!)
lol yea it be fun :)
lol. thanx!! :d
1 more follower & i'll be at 1,550 dang that's a lot, my followers r all amazing, ty all so much :)
thank you for the rt! hope you have a great weekend! :)
doing good sabrina!! how are you :)
tee hee. so is that what it took to make friends with your dad? :) mine was, but then quit facebook. said people gossiped too much!
this account is growing so fast :d
yayyy now me and is off to start our night... :)
hopefully that will work lol :)
omg!!! im freaking out right now!! thank you soo much for following!! you are such a good singer!! i hope you go far!!!! :)
should be doing his job and watching those bad ass kids play lasertag but instead he's texting me :)
no prob hun, i can add you too :)
morning meera. any new comics on sania issue? morning all :)
ded rockin! reminds me of a tuesday :)
:) thanks
bwahahaha is tweeting herself trying to get ur attention :) u flustering the jon girls :)
for you :)
gotta keep ur huevos clean homie :-) that's what's up. they look mad clean!
follow i co own that account :)
*i haven't read it. but i bet its funny! :) >rt ricky martin is gay? big deal. so was my date last night
score!! ummm...jsyk you're killing me with those twitpics :)
thank you ooooooo my darling appreciate the love :)
u are amazing :) an so is i hope she had an unforgettable birthday :)<3
your long tweets were great the other day were great man. loved em :d
if you love twitter :) <3
hopefully it'll be an awesome one for me. :)
ya excellent :d totally the best quotes are derived from wisdom & alway inspire!! =d
can i call you 'hey bum' like paa bachan ka beta did? :d
she's always fetch :) .. but i chilled in the doll house all day and had some fish and hot cross buns ! :)
hope you are doing well . miss you all back home :)
lmao you're so mean! don't hate on lobster girl :d
awww... it's dope so make sure you come out next time! :)
livin great breathing daily :) what about you? nada chillen how u been livein?
thanks :)
miss this qirl right here » <--- i miss you too!!!! :)
aww. :) she's pretty <3 thats sweet ;)
that is my nephew.. my bro's son :)
so sad. without him, i wouldn't be on this pc posting my tweet :)
ha...last five images to be color corrected and cleaned up. yesssss :)
thank you! <3 i've chalked up that panel to one of the most memorable events of my career. :d it was so great meeting all of you!
u welcome :) rt:@jayy_solo @superberelito muahh thanx mami !
just got home from hanging out with some really special girls from st lukes in decatur! very excited to be crawling in2 bed!! :)
follow our new friend guys ! ~ :) thx !
lol yup...it's gotten better since i gained weight!! but i still love beaches and warmth =)
hahah yay i'm so excitedd :d
im already followin u barb! hehe shout me out =)
haven't been here since i was like 8 years old :)
that whole town is full of psychotics! including, the school campus! :) i feel safer in detroit where i live, near 8 mile!
thank you :)
dude....i'm gonna get and we are gonna bust in your door for a food intervention. :)
thanks so much for the link. i will check it out and try tomorrow :)
i'm so sensitive rn lol. i'm watching too lol :)
follow 4 follow? :)
i agree :) nothing against ppl with tattoos...ive plenty of friends w em....just def not something id ever do. no way.
hahahaha sound asleep? i'd hate to see you tweet when you're awake, then. :)
good morning :)
24?!?? omyg, i remember when ur old ass was like 17! lmao! damn, well happy bday old man! hope u enjoy! :)
thank god, no 6am wake up to drive to galveston for seafood! found fresh crawfish n shrimp here! #iloveyoumommie :)
heyyyyyyy! long time no see! :-) i'm doing good! spending less time on the internet! how have u been? anything new? xoxo
apple does not have a stand on piracy. the industry whose content it uses does. next tree, please :)
☮ <- yes? :)
have a super rise and shine with all the love ☺ jesus warming loving to u family ♥ easter :)
thank you killer! :-)
i am doing too much talking lol... someone take over. :-)
oh! sign me up!! :)
chelsea, as always :) dukung chelsea atau manchester united ?????
haaha, im very good. signing loads of twititions :)
cooolness! what movie? :)
going to see "why did i get married 2" :) <<< let me know how it is...
hahahahahahaha. that's lovely. i just disliked her always going 'hiiii suuuup iiimmm sooo booorrreed.' but i love her. :)
dm when you said about injury and traditional? i think i see it :)
ty :)
heya back hunnie :) how are u
=) me neither im hittin da gym asap after i have him
not yet! planning to see her soon :)
o that sucks...ive read them all :) i got them from amazon
guess i'm not stayin in.. out wit my bitch :)
the next three people to follow --->> <<--- will get 20 dms to i promise!! tell me if you did :)
hey you!! :d
hehe :) weleh2..sgitunya.. gak peduli guaaaaaa hang out tonight can't wait!!!!
12:20 and i'm the first in line for the ipad :)
here it is i'm all better now...sound asleep!!!! thanks :)
yes .. very thanks :)
robotic mermaid hands are so rock star :)
i'm nathan bohatch and i'm a gemini and you're amazing. just had to throw that in there <3 :)
i'm convinced that i'll be single forever. it's just me & my dog, gremmie! he's neutered though. lol. :-)
oh, that's in a few weeks. i'm just getting used to them again. good luck for the ippt! :)
i do notice you :)
ouvi a musica sim! =)
thank you my friends. happy weekend to ya : ) #ff
doing good, thx. sorry 4 late reply, i get lots of tweets & sometimes i miss some that need reply :-) have a good day!
where in va? :)
me either! :) i figure its the perfect time to inform everyone about the freaky facts!
#guilty---- lol i knew it anywayy you aint have to admit it :) {childdddddd
cograts robear! save me a ride!@roberthendricks: --- as requested, a photo of the new car. i love my team :)
okay so i still need 4 #followers :)
it has been a long week! going to go analog and read my book until i fall asleep :) #fb
okay do your thang; #ipromisenottotweetstalk :)
hahahah! you wear it well! >> now...time for the jersey shore look. :d
back it up with some evidence :)
damnnn my tweets have been so #random , aahah oh well ! :) ♡
first day back at the gym since um.... almost 2 weeks ago?? yikes! time to shower up and hit the town and check out tonight :)
happy good friday and happy easter to you! :)
following you now at reco :) hi! //rt bk ya :-)
hmmm let's seee gonna post some link :) can i get some clicks my manager said this lmao (i stole it)
#welovejordanjansen [ mahal ka namin ] :) that's a filipino / tagalog language . :) 4
nd um baq 0n dis thanggg... wdf's up twiggas?? :d
u should #juststfu and text me :) <--- lol =x
mhuaaaz =)
hi punk :-) wat cha doinq lolzz lampin & u loser !!
best movie ever! :) watchingg soroity row.! i love this moviee.. it scared me the 1st time tho.. lol! ;]
dooooooo it :)
i'm so bad at twitter...what does that mean? :)
ooohh never heard of them. that's perfect. thanks :)
happy birthday beautifulllllllll!!!!! :)
yeah, i know. i didn't decide i was going to do this till about two months ago & didn't think to use flash drive. oh well. :)
there are a lot of android 2.1 roms. open eclair 1.3 just came out and is one of the best ones. give it a flash =)
yeah i hope they do talk soon! and love your icon!!! :)
lol aight ready when u are :)
kara. :) haha. she said that he stares at her akwardly. xd he does that to everyone.
i dont know, maybe, i gave my password to him and christian!! but either way i changed my info!! :) no hackers ne more.
when my heart is fallin' apart you here with me.... my friend :)
they look a little dark. hope it is the picture :)
i'm never too busy for you jon. my full attention is always on you my luv :)
thank you for being you :-)
~ doing some major scrapbooking with julie tonight!!! :)
can you guys please take a minute to sign this it'd mean a lot :)
how sweet music girl :) _chulita_ thanks for the rts! #love to>>
still outside :) , with and . recorded degrassi .
just listening to music and watching tv :) how about u?
thanks nabeel :) its been ages since we had a chat.... been meaning to. dm me ur latest sit. please ...
major di icu? :d i just became the mayor of icu rspad gatot subroto on
wasssssup =)
sorry i took a while , but i had a malibu chicken sandwich :) lol
not a big deal. dead on arrival by fob. 98% expert drums! :)
there is missed and "missed" :)
aaaah looks like i missed a good one!!! see ya opening day :d
ohhh kksz..dass deff wassup..luv it! :) lol
whaaat! don't you believe me. :) read the amazon reviews so far. :)
i'm trying : ) i've lost almost 20 lbs recently & the only change i made to my diet was (cont)
yeah, yeah, but first person we ran into?? come on!! :)
black, white, hot pink, blue, yellow, green, purple, or red? :)
i went to the movies with && we saw the last song really sad movie & said i have no friends :d loser!
2010 mtv movie awards| best comedic performance | mtv.com bradley cooper the hangover!!! :) go cast your vote now!
*hugs* no worries :-)
#shoutouts2theboys who claim and actually be there for there babiesss :)
haha. i'll get a pic up later. and dresses are marvelous. i love love loooove them! and skirts too :d
hello lady! how are you this evening? :d #ff for class with sass
even though can't fall in love with all of us like we fantasize about but we could still dream about it :)
story of my life. :)
i'll help #blossominthedust trend until my tweet limit! :)
have fun! i remember i stupidly went to woodford sans gumboots and had mud up to my knees for 24 hours. gumboots? yes :)
i hope so too!! :)
nothingg much, boredd, hbuu? :) pirattes. hi :)
think of sundaes i know u like tht :)
i miss tweets!!! :( holla back at ur tweeps rachel zoe :)
=)
q:has jbiebbbs ever dmed uuu?? a:lol, yeah :)
followed :) ah you bg brung back memories <3
thanks for the #ff! :)
are you being funny? it's after midnight at your house eat away and enjoy meat anytime you want until lent 2011 :)
another tasty late dinner in henderson. love the sea bass! :)
sooo is missin out on the blue mistt :) • i hate you
;tweeting from memphis in front of a hotel :)
ian, wassup bro? :) bro, u love the crowd but how come the foto is u not the crowd? :p (cont)
oh and jb can u fix the pic and happy b-day to your wonderful mom again =)
um. forget that thought and just enjoy <- yes, master. i shall obey :)
going to bed. i'm way to tired. been gone on day...nighty night :) music. :)
don't know how i did it. i just went on autopilot :)
my robotfest workshop is building the avr-simon. :) neat little game ...
mira, hice el high score en space invaders: , acá el link :d
#nowplaying the dream loveking.. remeber when we first heard this in the studio :) #goodtimes
you are too sweet!!!!! does run to me in my dreams :)
i went to cheddars today =)
but of course! and we can rain chaos down when i'm in dc on the 20th? :d
party on, girlfriend, party on. . . . :)
:) don't worry bout that. plz disturb that i think :) thx
am not only a techie :-) would love everything and everyone on twitter and welcome to my list
thx 4 following! ok here's another list! i need lists too ... :)
don't know who the others r but u, chris & danny look fabulous :) yea miami club time!
baguuusss :) iya temanya back to 90s.. krn bgitulah musik storia hehe
#welovejordanjansen [ mahal ka namin ] :) that's a filipino / tagalog language . :) 2
96..i really luv the melody.reminds me of 'human nature" so far i've played it 84 times :-) <-- word
yeaahh :) l.a. is wonderful.. but i think ny, too! isn't it? (:
no problem! your the best too :d
q:woow your reallly pretty! hahaaa a:awh thank you :d
correct. :) more accurately, it's a ruby framework. :) #twintercept
#welovejordanjansen [ mahal ka namin ] :) that's a filipino / tagalog language . :) 1
no nooo he's not... :)
thanks. :) love yours too.
