think i'm gonna go to sleep listening to marc broussard's "keep coming back" album. :) nite nite, tweeps!
#shoutout thanks for the ff :)
sorry that's i forget it lmao :) hahaha but mostly i loved stuck in the moment <3333
i forgot to go to the gym so will do for cardio tonight :)
q:so wait.. who doesnt wear their favorite ... a:ahahahaa :d ur funny & yeea u are right ....
fact #49: justin's warm up for a show is him singing "i know, i know, i know, i know" in all different notes :)
jenny for autism month i want to feature you on my humanitarain blog! follow so i can dm you! :)
#shoutout2dagirlz who put up signs saying "no head"....but still gives it. u sneaky things :)
shoutouts for shoutouts anyone ??! trying to get to 1,215 :)
heyy :) did u follow me ? if u didn't , follow me back pleasee ? :)thanksss <3 <--- nawwwww»lmfao
shit bitch, you are fine. i also got some sausage with in mind. oh, and lots of cheese :)
anyone have a favorite restaurant in pittsburgh? besides waffle shop of course :)
damon: mentioned tweetstats in his "state of the internet operating system" post :)
awsomee :) i cant be bothered to make a personal. its basicly only me that goes on this one 24/7 anyways
woo!! go #cavs!! :) it's over in san antonio magic lose. cleveland has clinched the eastern conference #1 seed!
hey emalie wanna swap accounts..i see everybody is doing it and it looks like fun lol :d
that's what i spent... lemme hold sometin :-) nice!!! when i grow up i wanna be like u (cont)
oh, nevermind. they took the underscore off their name :d ->
: ) i hope u had a great b'day! : )30 is the business! i'm 31, and i love it! #yesmaam lol <-whaat! never wudda guessed!
how the young? :)
<<< #ff thanks for the love bb < back at u :)
i wish i could get to my gold 1300 :d
ha! tricked you! i don't go to sleep early anymore. :d
baking my grandpa's 70th birthday cake. :) yum.
had a blast tonight rollerskating with the kids! i am offically beat! :)
sounds pretty good :d
<3 u too! :-)
hey love txt me let me know what your doing! :) xoxo
awww, how sweet! enjoy :)
thanks for #ff sweets, and back at ya! how's life in sunny southern fl? did ya get my msg? have a gr8 weekend! :)
i'm in love with a gangsta! is tha gangstaa :)
lean! :) lots of core work. :) it all comes together.
i used to order the burger in restaurants same reasons. they'd better do it right. :)
=)
yeah, it's mostly stuff about me making an ass of my self which makes it extra awesome. :)
hahaa heyy :) did u follow me ? if u didn't , follow me back pleasee ? :)thanksss <3 <--- nawwwww
i don't know ! i was just guessing . lol & pretty picture :)
i love you. :)
puppy love :) cute? is it a he or she?? #imadoglover
that made me smile :) i really do wish i was a lil bit taller :/ // perfect height..-aww me 2
i only need 681 followers :)
followed :)
yeah, but ask him if he is sitting with bill atkinson? or having bbq with larry chiang? :-)
if you followed me tonight for my bday, that would be the first gift i've gotten all day :d (no gifts till nxt wk) :[
peace out! im going to bed! :)
followed :)
what's popping i'm heading to ny for the weekend and what are you up to ? <<<iight u gettin me a surprise? :)
i know, i've seen some of it before! yes, barbara streisand and millie perkins are my role models. :)
np :) its was successful ustream
doin what i do best... eatin! :)
no problemo man! i have a soft spot for artists. :)
our levels of adorable. they match! ^_^
awwww... you can't resist that. :) btw, love your avatar!!
hahaa, thank you :) i love you too. loll
=) wass up ?
:) i'm good! how are you!?
i think it's awesome! can you find their rum in toronto? i had to go to el salvador to get mine! : )
o yea it comes out tomorrow huh? nevermind! :) i need to know for sure whether the service will be as janky as it is now!!
lost some friends & my niece has officially "disowned" me :) she told me that on facebook :) i'm too busy, never around. she's upset...
thanks :)
#followfriday no matter what, she's a winner in my book! bringing some interesting fun to twitter :)
hey i like that new avatar! looks real good on ya :)
aw, it was fun! spent the day with this girl :) absolutely amazing!!!!! // cute
okay thanks for answering me! you made my day :)
#ff ---> this chick crazy lol =)
of course :)
mainit ang ulo? nyahahaha. okay nako. im sure nanahimik na yun! =) last na, feeelingerong echoserong froglet! hmp! happiness na. =)
this if u have met justin bieber :)
awwww really ; that's cute :) im glad ;
nice eagle at the par-5 15th! good luck tomorrow. :)
#ff myyy mr.incredible :) ---my chick bad my chick good!!! #ff
just got it. thanx fam! :)
: ) just for you
sorry about the only-one-of-you reply, i was just responding to ben's tweet. :-) good luck tomorrow!
haha :) awwwk thank you :)
heyyyyy wassup :)
*snuggles* & *loves* to you all! :) :-)))
at jamie oliver's restaurant fifteen having lunch! :)
just got the phone call that i can perform at the sneaker summit tomorrow cibos :) shout out to my nigga on the 1s n 2s!
okaay :) uur lucky...
aww, thanks....you are too sweet. :-)
yes! and stings :-) btw i saw you at tedxrtp, was an organizer running around like a headless chicken, will find you next time :)
nuthin much just got home from dinner with a friend girl and gonna relax #housetomyself...awhat*shall*i*get*into :)
same here :) i have 3 copies of the soundtrack & 4 copies of the film lol. #jonasbrothers
ok.. but if you're interested in learning more about the ms gala in calgary in may let me know. very interesting back story :)
donnie always knows how to get us ready for the weekend for sure :-) maybe make up for last 2 repeat? :-)
11:11 make a wish :)
i wanna change my #default<< keep it i ike that pic <<---- haha alright bae... #thanx :)
live musical. come, if you're in kl! your mini-me would love it :)
love #partycrashers :-) just trying 2 make up 2 4 messin up his name~love costa rican coffee & pike place java
awww thanks :) so you are you
#ff myct fam! whs! i c u! :-) (cont)
god loves you. so don't say that. <333 okay, to make you feel better, i love you. :)
what do you think about my tweet below? click to like! click to dislike! thanks :)
just saw how to train a dragon in imax 3d. what a great movie! toothless = apollo :d
slush puppies are awesome! :-)
one of these? it doesn't seem to be your type. :) :)
big sis on her way! :)
dont mention it!!lol ill also make 40 more lists on my other 2 accounts and list you on those too!! :)
you are just exhausting... goodnight luvs :)
i'm ok--can't complain :)
if your room is full of justin bieber posters! :)
follow :d
following! :)
i need 4 more guys plssss?? :)
anytime & i'm a gurrrl bro :)
oooh i like the sound of that :)
<< hi tweeps :) -oo-
i can help you if you need! :) and once you figure it out, it'll be a blast!!!
www.formspring.me/alexalovesjb ask me things :) im bored! gogogogo <33333
hehe =)
the trip to atlanta was a vacation day kinda like we'll play cause we have to but no need to win :d
aw thank you! :)
i hope ppl dont take to heart what i be saying . . .i jus be running my mouth sometimes #itsalllove im a koolperson :)
lmao all the european fans are awake :d
lol kool i been seeing u from back in the day on my ustreams so ima always shout you :) nite
enjoy some quiet time...it'll be over b4 you know it! :-)
good morning :)
perfect use case for geo. thanks for the whiteboarding pic, made me smile :) (cc:
apparently dallas popo don't understand they're gonna help erykah badu sell lotsa cds/tix. go girl! :-)
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
will do! :)
4,350 :) how many do i need to get you to?
goodnight... moonpie out :) eyes will not stay open... so i can not read... love you all
annnnnnd, you didn't hit me??? i stay on skype mobile im, but i can jump on the comp next time!! :)
i'm about to find out : )
thanks for sharing my post :)
rockin masa in tacoma, wa...heading out there now...should be good fun :-) shouts to my brother d-twizzle
hey my name is jashelle and i won one of your amazing dresses boomerangs last night! gorgeous! it was a perfect fit :-) thank you!
sorry i unfollowed!!i used an unfollowing software and forgot to follow you back!!ll follow back!! :)
i *wish* that were true, since i just did it too. instead it was cleaning up dinner :d
hey! :)
always a plus!! : ) having sex w/ chocolate is nice too!
is a nut ball part of my charm! :) rofl @bahamabob
my sister are in town shopping til they drop! i'm exhausted! lol, other than that i can't complain! :-)
forgot to cc you and but the bloggers of the round table tweet was for you alll :d
score. is coming over tomorrow! now i don't have to go to my aunt's easter egg hunt. :) be prepared for a new music video.
i like my hands around your neck :)
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
i hear that, kicking the time bitch ass! but i like that cross-stitch effect. makes it so, you know, almost appropriate. :)
on the road to disney! just listened to "pray for you" great song xd. love you hectorrr! :d
nite bryan, happy riding tomorrow! :-)
the place to be is bangsar. :)
cleaned my room today, did-still doing laundry...gave away some fierceness today-->shoes, handbags, clothes...feel real good about giving :)
thank you very much. =)
i had a great time-1st time in sf-i have done this everywhere around the country except at home. & i was invited back! :)
about to catch & tina of on the monique show. #finally :-)
i can't be held responsible for breaking—my treat was flourless :)
thanks so much for coming up this way and lots of blessings and prayers y'alls way on the rest of the tour! :)
yes, i am finally feeling better and more like meeeeeee.. did you miss me? :d
addict! :)
thanks sweets!!!! : )
thank you! phew, one more exam down! :)
wassup :)
i know right?! but im not sure i just found it :)
i can try? one never knows :)
lol the night off i bet u miss them :)
let's get you to bed, then. :) do you have to be up early tomorrow?
that's my friend who has that sweatshirt : )
if i fall asleep its by accident so before i do everyone please follow she only needs 6 more followers :)
you 2 be nice. =)
você canta bem :) (@isahcj live on
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
vampire grillz official little monster gear ♥ my vamp grillz came yesterday! :d
terri! :) how's it going?
he will always be gaius baltar to me. forever type cast in my mind. :)
making ramen with friends. :d
on $100 for 4 people for the week, we still managed to have tomato basil cashew cream pasta (and chocolate for dessert) our last night. :)
q:what is you favourite quality about justin bieber?... a:evrything :) i cant pick one.
i want to see kitties, not destroyed loop carpet, haha. =)
morning! have a wonderful weekend :)
title of old email in my junk folder: "cover letter for designers." way to tailor... :)
np, thanks :)
:-)
:d fun memories.
you're welcome! :)
there are 2 games on espn2 tomorrow i think. don't forget :)
had a blast tonight rollerskating with the kids! i am offically beat! :)
good recall! laura & i worked together at lci 10 yrs ago. seeing her on tues :) so funny. know u for sure!
you brits can be rather bizarre. gina looks after you well. i love anything you say... even when i don't get it :)
<< greets 2 :) -oo-
my niece with some amazing manners. :)
sure, but i prefer the happier, sillier, snl inspired version. :)
ask me anythang. :)
ok people, sorry for going tweet crazy like that. i'll get a drink and settle down. :)
haha i agree :) where are you?
good :d so wassup??
ja passo! valeu! heehuehuehu heuheuehuehu vai la bjs :)
hop devil and soon... whatever is on tap at the bar... that is, whatever craft or import is on tap :)
oh my! i need those in my life right now! #yeaimafatty :)
yes, oooh shit! riva hass a tmblr. but mama mia shit dis her how to? peaple. *title* lmfao! :d
got it will hook one up soon.
thanks :)
oxygen enough is on :) / wat chn
follow me! :)
#ff bc we both crossed eachother mind today :)
reeady :) hey girl can you follow me back please ? (=
please do :-)
awww thats really nice! :)
very cool! :) lots going on, always!
i'll give a big shoutout to my 1,100th follower if i get them before my birthday :) {tuesday}
