"come back to bed come back to bed" john mayer :)
i have so many new things to list! :d
oh i wont at all .. waddup tho? =)
thanks! =)
:) have fun and be safe whatever u do
have a great day everyone! also, congrats on your movie and it will be a successful movie! =)
#juiscedefender is prolly the best application for the droid ...i've had full battery on my g1 almost all day!!! :)
about to start on this hair and straighten it out :)
hey chiiqaas¿qiien qiiere estar en 3 listas de #jonasbrothers ?! pleasee! =)
yaiii im going to log into for a while :)
we're on at the same time! happy easter you. :)
ayeeeee! just chillin in vip in a club. celebrating the life of jesus =)
tweet me when you are getting on facebook. lol dont dm though :)
lol...feel free. i'll dm you when i'm getting some stuff started so you know when to accidentally end up over here :)
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
wassup daydreamer nightrunner :) i'm inksomnia www.inksomniastreetwear.com
should have gotten a group shot =) hope you had fun yesterday
going downtown bitch boysss :) see your million dollar faces soon !!! carleys was funn she fed us vodkaa & berry juice<3
may you feel the overflow as well dear one counting the days until june love grows as each one passes. :d
hey lav! great to see you again. :)
oh thats cool :)
yes ma'am :-) what's up. when u start ya job?
hey! april 10th! :-)
plz help get to 100 followers!!! thanks in advance & thanks 4 the love :)
sweet dreams guys!! snuggle time w/ daddy then bed :) another big day tomorrow!
thank you =)
wow we have the same lust need more projects to finance my gadget lust. :) next on target is the next-gen iphone. macbook pro next year
maybe :)
i hate hoes w/ a passion :)
do you know what day it is? it's flirting game fridayyyy :)
thanks for that :)
wow, just tasting deschutes jubel 2010. wow, better than i thought. luckily 4 more in the cellar for 2020 :)
at och for the derrick barry performance!! :)
whoa! your full name has a lot of..... vowels. :)
cool, was just askin myself, what's missing around here. :) your night good?
yes yes no problem :-)
i like my legs, possibly my best feature :)
loved reading your tumblr today. also, i thought i recognized your pic... i think i voted 4 you during the amerapp contest. :)
lmao why do i even follow you? :) hahaha
no effin way lol :) holla go us
my day was incredible <3 i love my boyfriend, :) goodnight everyone
not sad...you were just waiting for nkotb to come back! :)
working on 3 brand new songs right now! writing what we love, and not what we want people to love :)
goodnight :)
gonna go to bed early today i think i got this massive stomch ache with everything going on i thinks it would be best :)
#ff ---> he's awesome :d
thankyou yaaaaaaa :d : happybirthday ya
it's a nice night for a drive. :)
yes jenicka! it was yummy! what did you have for dinner? hey, i sorta...kinda...miss you!!! lol :)
awesome ride home! every single light was green from williams grove to my house :)
it's okay girl :) don't be!
thanks for the retweets, ed! as for the #ipad being amazing and wonderful, i'm not getting one right away :-)
thank you for the mentions this week super cool :)
jonathan groff, you blow me away. :)
vry beautiful :) u 2 r so cute n adorable :) pls say hi to her n tweet her reply n if u reply it wud b the perfect strt 4 me
always something lol...thanx boy! that is funny about mom! glad that you made it home safely :)
thanks! :d
personally i love to sing theme songs to 80's tv shows when i poo. and i sure you needed to know that! :) goodnight!
guys let the jonas fans have there time :) we dont have to put # by justins name it just there :) so were better anyway :)
stole my bros curly fries :)
sure why not!! hahah :d
<< shoutout :d
just got it, looks really nice! :) did you add every package manually, or?
back from the doctors office...everyone seems to be recovering well :)
#ff <<#followfriday..shoutout :)
we've only watched 2 episodes. i like the dry humor. maybe try one more? :-)
ttyl daddy cooked oo4 meh :)
#peopleshould know #jonasbrothers have the prettiest & most supportative fans in the world :)
hey jimmy :)
ur welcome! my pleasure! :)
thanks. :) i'll try
gimme some 1800 mike :)
btw, i still need to pick an lf ringtone. i'd appreciate your inputs :d
yupp they had like this after party at the beach and its like almost 1 in the morning so im like no thanks :) haha
texting wifey ^_^
hell yea baby i'm there :)
(‾ε‾“) aku jg iri kak sony ;) emang blm pernah di baless?? :) (cont)
naw it was good...a b is after a :)
oh and thank you for not unfollowing(: i feel special that you are, lmbo. considering justin loves yaaa :d
aqua lounge on beverly dr. they brought me here to audition. so i'm gonna step up to plate & try to hit a homer :)
i'm your 100th follower. follow back? =)
totesss agree!!! defff tear jerker :'( but it was just soooo good ahaha :d the little boy yanked my heart of my chest though :(
have fun tomorrow! we'll be in zuma :)
hey :)
aw thanks! and it was :)
im going to log into for a while :)
boa noite :)
i would cry, then i would say what are u talking about justin? ur the only one :)
sounds like an awesome concert! go have fun! we can chat another time :)
no ka :) mai me rean on wed ka, onli on thu
ahh my bed :) lifetime movies. #dontjudgeme
and you were right. :)
thanks for all the ffs, all! and to !! :)
are u ready for dirty ones ? haha :d
sama2.. :) slamat membungkus kado.. ;p wahaha..siap siap!:) have a great day mas shafick!:) (cont)
i think just uses me for my limited shopping sprees =/ uhmm no i dont ^_^ <-- yayyyy! =]
q:if you could only listen to one song for the next month, w... a:"baby" by justin bieber :)
nice. can't wait to play with that. :)
thanks!! :)
command heard... and deferred :)
lol! i am, but i didn't say i was coming out tonight! we gotta make plans!!! :-)
yea! gotta love a nice calm friday night :) perfect for blogging!
shoutout to yea he's bad :)
need to sleep ,speak tomorrow :) take care my friend :)
happy birth day baby boi.<<<what she said ! =d --- thxx lovas :)
ommmmmmmmmmggggggg not only did jasmine reply but she followed me ahhhhhhh see thats why i luv her thanks jas <3 :d
that was a lot of tweets to catch up on and reply to...post workout and siesta. now i'm off to watch some k-1 :)
i love you tho : ) muahz
hey, that's the game! it's supposed to be work...stretch the brain, make me write better, etc. so it's all good. :-)
people are kind because you guys did a great job :) and yeah, i remember when bella was a pup. cutest thing ever ;)
ok, been outta touch! i'm getting the hang of this scrapbooking thing!!! :)
do u enjoy watching a woman take a crap? you are nasty :)
this day has been wonderful :-)
why are so carring :) oh right, its cause ur justin hahaha
obviously google has good taste!!! : )
:-)
nice avatar! pleasant dreams : )
i want miley to have a twitter again :)
#ff follow --------------> :) {thank you friend!!}
henny con cranberry > que rico =)
whoaa!! drivin' is most def the best way to start a saturday morning!! let's shape up some muscles 2day :d
lol both y'all tweeted me the same pic. is it new? i have a similar cam like that too :d
you gonn cook?? =)
oh wow i am seeing justin this month :d ohmyfuckingbieber
downloading from da always makes me happy! it's so fast!! :) 45mb only took 15minutes :)
sittin wiff rere :) had fun with hayden and sydney toooooniiight!peaccee outt. :) i love you bieberrrrr.
suree i will tryy my bestt :) but im going to bed soon :z
or maybe he's just saving the best for last? yupp i think thats what it is..haha :)
openeclair.org i believe =)
say my name mother fucker! ps...it's candi :)
hahaha. i'm glad you enjoyed it. the video of the aftermath is on my youtube. =)
well, easter is not over for me just yet. we're just about to start. :d ♥
goin out in my work clothes as usual on my friday nites. holler. rollin in a car full of hotties! watch out, boys! =)
you should order a bloody-mary. it would go well with your throat!! yeah, i'm on a cute date :)
this is how coda sleeps most of the time. he thinks he's a human. :)
#juicedefender is prolly the best application for the droid ...i've had full battery on my g1 almost all day!!! :)
lol beg :p let him play with it tomorrow!! :d well...today ha ha
skin so smooth. :)
happy weekend everyone! :d don't eat too many chocolate easter bunnies
:d thanks, tayari. dustin and i are checking it out again right now. with some champagne and st. germaine cocktails.
i will :)
goodnight :)
no no twin ill talk :) not sleepyy yett :) i wanna talk to u its my techinally my last night on twitter :(
shoutout for shoutout? anyone. :)
waiting for the girlsss ready to goooooo :)
going to with :) great way to get my mind off of stuff (for awhile, at least...).
haha... i know :) how could u not??!!
4am on 4th april! please remember to tag and geotag your 4am photogaphs :) more info here:http://bit.ly/awfpde pls rt!
mmm...@copadoro, one of my new favorite spots :) thanks for setting it up! great seeing too!
i know someone that may or may not be hitting up a show super soon... :)
fwiw, i don't blog or tweet as any of my characters, so no, it's not me. and yes, i'm perfectly fine w others blogging/tweeting as them :)
boa noitee followers :d
woahh i actually found 's twitter :) lol disney channel rules.. no homo
hey guys :) its feli :)
had a great time with the boys in o'bryanville :) (@ bramblewood home)
,, n' fahh sexyyy makk jaa :) cutee both of chu♥
thank you!! :d
hey :) this is i deleted it :-/
jussst touched down in vegaaaas wit my sissss. wydddd foolio? and ur welcomeeee loveee :)
still love this :) (youtube
i have a friend who has his birthday on april 2nd :d missed 1st by hours ;)
makasih ya dek :) happy birthday ya kak wish you all the best
that is very, very cool. :-) love the who. (really, who doesn't?)
you both sound like you more than survived. see? :)
hey, do i like like idiot or stupid?? i'm here for you guys and if you want to know me check out my bio :)
lol i meant your twitter icon :)
hola :)
yayyyyy!! ^_^
she logged off.. once she gets back on, ill dm and tweet her. :)
thanks loveeeee! i was aware of it though :-)
girl, u should see shaved pussy. it looks and smells so good. :) i wanna turn straigh(almost)
sounds like a delightful evening. hope you enjoy the book! we just got back from a passover seder. :)
i am :)
thanks a lot for the #ff :)
lol & yeah, he hasn't come in nearly 8 years, & that's cool :)
mmmm lovin that, same to you but more of it. :)
i would like to "google" you too but i figured you would fire me if i said that :-)
how was church? i'm singing in the choir on sunday! :-)
i doggedly grow the blog workers industrial union, one #p2 peep at a time :-)
im not a girl! lmaort texting wifey ^_^
aww, we feel honored to have you kvell over us :) thanks for spending your evening at ai!
ah. it sucks. but i've got plans! :)
ha! funny stuff. thanks so much for the #ff mention darling! xoxo yes, yes, yes! i am soo there :) cant wait to meet you!
lol :) we qoofy
if you wanna be my co owner, just tweet me :)
hey follow ? she is my best friend, we are going to meet u someday :)
aww, that's not good! i hope your night gets better... it's sounding pretty bad right now... *hands you a virtual corona* :-)
hey sweetie lols =)
gavsabharwal #jayseancometovancouver retweet this. they want you here :)
ok switched from itunes to miro for podcasts... nice and cross platform :)
yep :-) feels good! resisted to this incredible temptation...so did
bwahahah jealous? that's funny :) :) of the pretty one?
yum fresh shower, oxy, lunesta, pizza, water. movie projector & matilda playn! my night♥ all its missing is my mister =) --gnite twats
gosh, easter is just around the corner! hope you all have a great one!! :)
thx bc i've had enough lol-@dleeezy: happy birrthday special k. i'm drinkin a shot for ya now. =)
we did a couple days ago =)
riding around the chi blasting cali music tho only and that ! && i'm beaming =)
i hope i can too :pp thats good:) -_____- oh well. :)
there is no bridge between stanwood and whidbey.. but there is one between stanwood and camano.. it is open :) cc:@kats2009
your sista's good. actually missing the cold & company over there =)
