myspacceee paqee is complettee :)
wakakakakakakrt welcome linta to tinutuan city :d wkwkwkwk touchdown..manado..☺ (cont)
aw, no way! good ol' austin :)
huuuge shoutout to :d :d
would u plz sign this? it'll take 1 min. plz? thx. :)
iyaiyaa kunciran lw jga ada rmah gw .. eh , ini kan iket rambut ? hari snin saya bawa dehh ,, hhe :)
night! :)
waiting for to take the stage :) (@ viper room)
hey i'll make a bg later promise :)
hello twitter :d
lol i didn't actually play. just watched. :d
apples is my "safe word" #castleforthewin :)
smudging with my family :)
guys has changed his username into ---> :)
okay so you came down and then they told you lah. alright goodluck okay? :) <3
idk just felt like saying it... lol :)
thanks for the #ff have a great weekend. :)
just got to our house, said hi to my parents and now am getting ready to take bubble bath. :)
thank you a million again love!!! :)
you gotta #bryantjames and i will get you on the shirt!! i'm a wear this in public tomorrow!! youtube vid :)
i will help you hun :) whats your goal?
winaaa darliings..i've sent you a dirrect message.. please read it.. :d heuheuehuh
welcome to the rest of your life :)
congrats :) i've been featured on mlive.com for the grand rapids press: grand fashion profile!
watched tora dora and the story of the anime is great, although the ending should have been different :)
i think if i don't get another tweet imma fall asleep . lols :-)
if you haven't yet..you need to watch semi-pro with will ferrell..you will laugh your a$$ off!! =)
ummm <~ this fool is 15 mins late on his tweets, forgot wat i clowned him about :)
such a long day at work, so i'm glad im finally off!! now bouta go watch why did i get married 2 with my friends =)
yes ! go giants and this is my 1000 tweet ! :-)
bonfiring wit fam :d tiss soo prettyy!
<-- follow the gorgeousness lady on here!!! :d
if you love justin bieber & u have a bieber fever =)
did you miss the april fools joke that put together?! check it most hysterical! :)
follow me :)
episode 5 coming soon...? :d
eheggsactly....<--idk dont ask...but anyways..bye!! ^_^
, good times with amanda :) watched a sick movie!
heh, i've been in texas the longest amount of time by far! :)
my genuine find on stickam right now!!! best thing ever lol :)
super big match tonight!! manchester united vs chelsea. go chelsea.. goo.. =)
lol nice :) love u night text ya in the morn
haha, i agree, you should wear that in public :d #bryantjames
pls follow :d
q:follow back yaa tik a:followed :)
lol nothinggg. im home though :)
hey! could u pls follow me back? its my bday 2day :d
11:11 make a wish!!!! :-)
at happy bamboo: vegan pho? pho real :)
there we go, added "part time ninja" to my bio. :d
yeah i know to lol :) lmao
q:hello tari :-) a:hai
get in the car after a long ass day waiting in snowy lines and the local radio is playing a sick fluffhead :d
thank you :) i love him in plaid . :)
otw home from the hospital, saw my grandma again today instead of just lazing at home. next up, lunch! :)
not me daniela will not pay $190 for 3 days 2 c soundgarden play 45 minutes want 2 use $ 2 fly to seattle or la for 2 hour show :)
#juststfu and climb that coconut tree, ii want that coconut at the very top :)
went to paete...now goibg back to manila :)
hey teman2 follow back aku ya :)
wah km bangun ya...rt morning jg good morning :)
yay! i'm so excited! can't wait to see it!! :)
omg im listening to yout song "one" on youtube right now!!!! hahaha please follow me!!! :) ilyy!!! :)
leaving the office, getting chinese, going home, movie, back to work. boo yah hustlin' for startup life =)
ahh ok.. thought u might be a club... :) popkin...but my event won't be this wack
just got done wit my new song... hope my producers diggs it :)
you only tweeted once today so you must be busy having a great day i hope :)
deu, sim! :d e o show de hj, como foi?
i absolute love u too agzja. and thank u :)
happy birthday !! :)
anything for =)
ok,you're welcome :)
hehe :) oke cantik :)
you are the light to my soul tkm latoxo =)
air conditioning is awesome. :d
happy birthday ! :)
woo!! congrats on your follow! i'm so excited for you! :)
yer welcome :)
check out this file #bones promo song :)
good friday :) god is good
happy birthday to mee!! hitting that big one five! (15) :d
um um was it saintjimmy? i saw that ytd. i know her. its all good. :)
word, is leaving the house?? i never thought i'd see the day haha :)
so is drogba troubled with an injury and man u have berbatov!! its at 740 :) are you watching?
and we want ya back darian :) no sarcasm
have a nice day! :d
14 more movies for my collection today :)
ohh its fine :) i come here alot because people get annoyed when i tweet alot on my personal!
thank u :)
hahaha iwouldnt say famous. how are you tonight.? :)
morning isseii =) morninggg :) happy saturday!
watching ru pauls drag race, and i like the asian guy the bestt :)
that easter chick is fantastic :d i want one
love you too j lol i loveeee :)
yo! :)
sipp .. :d iya2 ntr ya..i mau pergi btr lunch with my fam..abis itu ya kt jalan..gmn? (cont)
#shoutouttothegurls who are members at a gym :)
lmao hes gonna try to find me a job possibly with pens! but i feel bad spending his money so i want to be a hostess :)
yay! hahaa... but i actually found out about "slow motion" from a cover hehehe ^_^ waiting for yours! ^_^
and wut do i get in return? lol! can i borrow urs? mine left whn childhood did lol i bet u do i c dimples :)
amin kak :) hidup yesus ayeeey
<< shoooutout :d
#nowplaying "saxon" by for love these girls :)
awww thanks sweetie! :)
followed :)
lol at "not all of them" but ummm i like college dropout the most.. but they're all number 1 =)
whos sammi :)
if you want to be followed :)
make me a dam cd..u jammin ova dere..lol =) ---- u a nun remeber what u gon do with this here cd....lmao
:)
now at here 11.10 am on saturday :)
can you guys please sign this it'd mean a lot :)
am realizing that the next 2 weeks are going to be very busy for me. :) #crackingmyknuckles
yes, is actually my sister. like blood related. lol :)
i'm all better now...sound asleep!!!! thanks :)
i was doing a collage with all replies :) i just finished ;dd so what r u doing?
mom just volunteered to the warm the crowd up for us :)
:-)
tweet #5,900 :] awww #jonasbrothers is trending! so good to see these boys back on top! trending higher than bieber at least... :d
hiii beautiful :-)
#peopleshould help me get to 2700 =) 23 away leggooo !
i actually like the new (pro) icon. the original flickit 1.0 icon is still my favorite, though. :-)
lol #juststfu started by =) hollar at a player
you now can control you tv airremote for your iphone. then save your sanity :)
i though she was a true friend but apperently not! ahaha thanks for defending mee :)
thanks, rebecca! happy easter to you too. :)
look at the painting in my hotel room, ahahah that's nasty :) (via
seriously, can my week get any more difficult? on the bright side, next week will be better! it has to be. :)
first ten people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/sean/ryan need to follow/dm :)
now that u say it, i think i ve been holdin my breathe for the last few minutes! :)
it's funny all your #ff's, are retweets done by others lmao! can't you think for your self? ... lol :) love ya!
sitting outside my gate! bit nervous but happy :)
aight i need 11 more ppl to #follow me ii #follow back :)
heyyyyy :-)
i think demi moore would disagree with you :-) how old is ashton? like 25?
~i gotchu!!~~ :-) necessary info!!~~~rt thanks for the rt! :-)
thank you for the kind mention/#ff! :) i hope i'm not repeating myself..can't keep up tonight
caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam! :)
justsweetangel wow you were hiding under my dresser! <~ i thought that was where you were hiding your money... :)
playing some #lol :)
i knew it! i was just saying last night the easter bunny was not to be trusted!! :)
huakakak..canggih..win,pakabar! :) komplit!! jgn 'kupilih dia demi 'bendera, bisa (cont)
i`m going to sleep now. :) '3
in a tinychat with 2 awesome, crazy people! :d
if replied/dm'ed me i would scream so loud that i love him <3. legittt. but it wont happen. chile loves him too :)
i like whiskey :) rub it in why don'tcha :)
lol b4 my usrnm wuz =)
oh nice...ipod shuffle sends me ride across the river-dire straits before i leave the palm tree & head upstairs to shelter from noon heat :)
wowo gained 97 followers yeatersss :d
woahh did u comment on my formspring?? :)
#peopleshould smile more often. :)
good job coach! :)
is a good singer :) go follow her, <3 ya
haha that's okay. :) so how are you tonight?
cuz this shit is funny!!! lmaooo ah-duhh and/or hello :)
btw i've chnged ny background :) ahaha
first ten people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/sean/ryan need to follow/dm!! :)
want a dose of humble pie? join #qwitter knowing who stops following me reminds me my worth isn't found in others. :)
thank you for my free ipod shuffle! i won i won! :d
movies at the bridge ::: showtime 11:40 :)
q:will you follow me? :) a:are you following me?? tweet me!
gotta go; goodnight and goodbye guys :) ~ keep tweeting #jonasbrothers :)
happy birthday for ur mother..rt happy birthday mom :d
peek-a-boo love mexican! almost there but 1st we had 2 stop off r favorite mexican restaurant! :)
first ten people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/sean/ryan need to follow/dm! :)
lol awww thank you sir! :)
i'm terrified of what you do .. my stomach screams just when i look at you =)
ditto feeling..had an awesome breakfast :)
they're quite sweet, and are amazingly kind to all their fans--love those two! :)
so good to hear that the food revolution is taking roots in the chico state adpi house :)
them crooked vultures... :)
mine 2 months ago had a real bog decline...lol...hey u got that layout :)
ride with kitt down the vegas strip... at the end you can see me driving alex's kitt replica :)
finished a cute top & then xav comes back with choccie muffins :) yum!
cobourg!! thanks for such an awesome night!! you guys killed it!! get home safe!! : )
i love pretty woman too. classic :) "she said it was better than pirates of penzance"
thank you!!! :d
hahaha, i saw this sign of someone's tweet ≈ and i remember one math class that really made me laugh hahaha,i love maths :)
:) kinda but i usually turn in around 2 or 3 :)
england :)
aww thx u i appreciate it =)
hay :) wassup
yay thank you :)
awww i don't mock. :)
wish!!!! :)
noo...yessss :) dm :)
hey :)
yeah, the gallery is awesome. and i like how you can flip through them. live wallpapers are cool, too. happy :)
:) invest yourself entirely in the here and now. thich nhat hanh
ok! when i finish i'll!! :)
new blog posting: thank you facebook friends (and saddleback leather company) and :)
i repeat my statement :)
*squeals* haha sorry, i just noticed you're following me! yayy! *jumps up & down* lol. how are you? :)
thanks ! hmmm.. cj with a back tattoo; he'll have to walk around bamboozle shirtless to show it off. :) ... if he's going
would u plz sign this? it'll take 1 min. plz? thx. :)
awe, thanks :) !
time will only tell :)
toss my salad! :d
lol awesome u got fan pages now! :)) well maybe thats just "the fame" gaga talkin bout :)
omg that's him exactly as you described lol :)
iya nooov, positive thinking aja ya baby :) hehe sama mantannya pacar. hahua iya senin cerita yaa
