the last song was a very sad movie...partly because miley is a pretty bad actress and partly because of the storyline :)
will it blend is probably the best example of viral videos out there :) love it! they really have awesome blenders too!
i love you. you make me smile. :)
<---follow my babies :)
so anyone would like to do 5 for 5? or 10 for 10? :)
where the fuck is my concealer... grr and i think ima just put carry my smashbox lipgloss, no lipstick :)
why else would you be naked except for pics... oh... wait... nevermind. :)
just ate n watched a movie what u doinnnn boo :)
its at angels and kings at 1pm u should come! :-)
when the hell did you start liking magic!? somethin new everyday hahaha :)
yes! he just landed yesterday evening. gonna meet him later :)
have some fun!!! :) #amwriting #amediting
that's good :) now go clean ur room...
its chelsea latelyyyy :d
nice shirt you should wear it more offten :-) oh and how was your friday good i hope
she didn't even get it...i guess it's for the best :)
bieber might be trending everyday but when #jonasbrothers trend. they're always on the top :) just saying....
listening to tonite :)
bummer! hopefully that fix lasts for a while. : )
cool! how did you know it was the chicago one? =)
sad i didn't see before her trip. at least we had a great time last weekend :) have a fab time & even better adventure!
#bacon seems to be a trending topic wondering why it doesn't show up on the twitter trending list yet :)
was nice chatting w u at latitude, and happy b lated b day :-) keep in touch :-)
i've realized, tonight, that i should eat healthier. so, tomorrow starts anew. :) i may even start to exercise more. =
q:i love my pear, she talk to me and we are best friends, we h... a:hahaha :d greeeat lmao ;)
thanks for the tip! turbotax picked it up as part of the deduction workflow :-)
rest assured, the speakers are fantastic #tedxmumbai :)
oi :)
kelly boo!! heyy! :)
oh i know believe me i love my homebody lifestyle lol :) how you been stranger?
its been sooo long doll! let's do lunch soon. :) hope all is well!
:) thanks
1 more follower til 1,700 :)
he had a great bday. he says thanks :)
being in wisconsin is great. 2 drinks and an appetizer and my bill is only $8.50 :)
20 mei oooom!! :d 20 mayyyy :) 20 meiii :d please please lahh ommm
wheee! i love seeing my "stuff-to-take-to-the-post-office" bin so full! ^_^
yes, i want to steal your puppy! lol! jk! <333 she is so cute! :)
#ff :) everyone follow this great country dj :)
heeey will you follow me back please? :)
hi! i love bbd! :d <-- good to hear that! thx
the #jonasbrothers r my inspiration : ) thanks for being you guys.
:) for sure. i've been using it for about an hour. it's good to have a convo like this tho cause i learn stuff. (see: dock dot)
watched "the fourth kind" earlier tonight.. kind of weak imho. i've got "the men who stare at goats" up next.. high expectations =) #fb
wow, it's been a very long and busy week... gonna spend some time alone tonight and reconnect with myself after so much focus on business :)
followed them :)
oh audrey. no matter what, there's no way you could be any less than beautiful. :)
#zodiacfacts the first aries myth is that their favorite color is red. (via ◄yea... that's a #fail coz mine is purple! :-)
haha you should record it. i could use the laugh. :)
alert you have haters welcome to making it ( :) i seeee)
i'm fine. busy as usual, which is good. :) v is ok. i still haven't dissected your email. :( but i will. she's still going in
woot!!! i just got the go ahead from the hubs to buy dvc!!!!!!!! it didn't take as much convincing as i thought it would :)
hey mama thanks for the :) muah!!
bieber might be trending everyday but when #jonasbrothers trend. they're always on the top :) just saying....
we love you! and yeah y'all should hurry with the tour! :)
hahahah no way we beat you last week suck :)
it will change the way u live :) i seen those commercials lol
mainly to keep from burning out my iphone's battery!! meaning, casual web browsing at home etc. it will fill the gap nicely :)
i followed you & sent me :) follow me back plz
tour again ? :d ahh !! please asia tour come too indonesia #jonasbrothers #indonesiawantsjonas :d
i love you so much. < 3 :)
perfect. people, go to the midnight movie at the bagdad. nice! we'll try to send some peoples your way after the movie :)
deal! shitt zach's making food, gotta go take a dip ;) i'll have my phone on the dock, text me :d
yo ur spanish idc i'm too cool for school :-)
just got my ticket to blacksburg for the spring game on the 24th,.. :-)
right, actually going to sleep now... :d
what's your connection to mountain-top removal? cool tool from -now turn off some lights :-)
aw thx lady!rt everyone needs to wish my friend a very special happy birthday!! have the best day ever :)
no my dear..it's correct hey you made a typo, its correctly spelled*virgo =) cancers > every zodiac sign
i will def let you know! :)
i will!!! :)
gorgeous! can i come swimming? :d
help me come up with a new username. think of something to do with miley cyrus. tweet me and get a shoutout :)
thank you! :) appreciate that!
thank you for being so kind. yes spring is finally showing its lovely face. :)
thanks :)
i bet the jonas brothers have been on for hours reading our tweets, and waited for it to get to #1 tt to say something :d
follow for bgs of #jonasbrothers, taylor swift, demi lovato, selena gomez, katy perry, justin bieber & more! :)
my crazy video if you wanna see it go to my favorites so i don't have to repost it so much :)
thanks girl :-)
"the lovely bones" premiere. wait for our review! :)
sneak peek the bride wore yellow :)
why would i ignore? you two are entertaining :)
i was the 69th person to retweet tweet :)
that sounds yummy and a great idea :d ...love carrot cake ;)
ohhh i'd love that :d and i'll get u some strawberrys i'll feed u them :d awww that's nice baby :) was in west all day
i'm so glad we make you happy :d
hey =)
thanks love you too! :)
poland, malaysia and france flames of war rankings launched on rankings hq. welcome aboard guys. :)
i'll be honest, i'm not so sure the truffles will still be here monday... oops. :)
let's sold out this! go 2 there are 5* & 4 * still avaliable 4 concerts! :)
oooh baby! here i am! signed, sealed, delivered i'm yours! :)
haha i knew it u walmart addict you lol! :)
new tenant will be arriving soon to sign lease and get keys. so if i disappear suddenly you will know why :) (via
ohh yes:) goal reached :d
#jonasbrothers is #1 tt :) theyre awesome.
aw<3 we love you tooo :d you are truly the best fans in the world. thank you for this #jonasbrothers. i love you all.
huhuhuhu demorei mas fiz! :d
but a lot of blood and action too! :d hm. lots of nudity #spartacus
ahh #jonasbrothers #1 trending topic? yeah. they're that cool. : )
i agree =)
well u got one more bro :) now you need to look at my site lol androidfeens.com
uhmmmmmm..........were not the best. you are! we did this for you guys, no need to thank us! your amazing. :)
was watchin the movie "the sweetest thing" in french. i understood some things..not all..lol chieuse means bitch! :)
i'm not a smoothie maker either, but the ease is similar. whenever i make this batch, i'm at least reserving you a taste. :)
well the whole reason i drank was cos i was depressed but since seeing diana on my birthday i've been sooooo happy :d
no man this is the first time i got a hot guy beside me ehehhhe :d usually old ppl/girls/weird dudes.. hahahaha
if you <3 taylor swift :) #wearefearless
