oo also i dreamt i adopted a cub cute little tiger cub :)
ooh but at least you went to the world tour so that's good! :d
thank you for the ff luv let me know if there are any really good movies coming out that i should see! :)
lol yayy :) its a bad ass book. i'm tellen ya changed my life.
it'll be back up by tomorrow at 1pm. good thing i don't need electricity to prepare sushi. yes, i'm also a sushi chef for my parents. :-)
yes. but that's the fun part :)
#ff ----> follow him! :d
hahahah, yeeees, i want some wine right now :) :)
i love your fascination with our hips...you'd love mine :)
me and the girls out on the town :)
my favourite 'tweet of the day (morning)' is: aww.. cuteness :) i love how you defend ukiss ^_^ ♥
lolzzz im fineeeeee thanksie :) so wht r u doin bro??lol hahaha
gimme time, i'll find it :)
goodnight :)
i hope to make you proud :)
who knows, maybe :) rt: the movie was great! i hope there will be another!!!
your just jealous! :)
comin now... here second floor bar corner 3 hot brunettes and a blonde :)
where u playing?? i'll send people to see you :)
here is the twitlonger i had to post two cause i didnt link my twitititon haha :)
ahaha i meann its up to u if u like her dont unfollow her im not forcing u 2 but i prefer u doo lmfao :d
hey! :d
dinner at ruth's chris!!! =) i'm starved!!
yay!! :) welcome back! hello los angeles! :)
lol ya true ianna used 2 do it ask her about it :)
heard u smashed the eff out of matter :) he did!!!
it was mud
yeah. :d :3
;) sup :)
cuz im 4rm texas n thats all i know give u that good joog :)
im from the usa, but to be specifc, nj :)
first person was follow them !! :)
hello :)
well all u night owls , text nic to 79922 for massive attack, ushe to 79922 for lil freak & you to 79922 for roger that :) hehe #ibb
chillen w/ myy bff baby mamma . she's actually cool . :)
lol that just sounded very dirty :) lol but ill see wassup when i get back..we gotta chill more thou..make time for me damnit lol
its overrated anywho. :)
aww sounds like he was a great one :)
#ff because she ruleth :)
will you please please please please follow me ? i love all you guys <33 :) 6
love ya right back sexy... :)
see? i know yall ladies well! :) when was the last?
haha idkk.! but i think im gonna go to bedd! nightt ! :d
hahaha yepppppp! :d
good morning #abottabad :)
haha thanks :)
sorry i unfollowed u cause u're not following me. i'll refollow you. can u follow me back? :)
hi courtney..thanks for the retweet....good early morning form here :)
sent u a dm! :)
i love how is such a mamas boy :)
sittin next to my buddy (she's awesome!!) =)
i don't doubt it yup taureans are the best :)
hey! pls follow me! <3 i'm one of the owners of the ! :)
everything i say has a justifiable meaning behind it. sometimes it sounds fucked up... but hey.. #suckabigfatphatty if u don't like it :)
nothing its dry nd im bout to nap :)
ok, lol, :d thanks for the info! :d
jadi ingat sebuah acara di stasiun televisi swasta :d be a man, and do what man got to do !
hey heather...what it be like? =)
adam lambert is playing on c4 ... i just can't believe i got to meet such an amazing person :d eeeepp
okiies lets do it :d
goodnight! :d
q:if you've only had boyfriends in junior high does that mean you haven't g... a:exactly :)
hahah thank you! good night :) <3
awww thanks :d
well swing thru oh on your way to nc. i'm tired of my own cooking. :d
if u got to go to sleep :) *yawn*
:: watchin #thecondemned ... this shit betta be good. i forgot i had dvds in this house !!! thanks, [[homie]] :)
and need to get there butts up to san fran now! :)
sweet dreams :) such an amazing night full of incredible music! butch walker's cover of 'rich girl' is bomb.com! working 2mrw then out :)
thanks for the follow! :)
se cuidem seus merdas :d
:) lmfao what an ass! ~ i can't see u
he's getting *two* :-)
:) thanks! yes, it was for the #ff
good luck i wish you and i both win one. :)
i feel you on that! i'm a do the same thing :)
happy birthday dear and have a blast :)
thank you :) but i'm a lovato fan too. lol.
awesome stuff :) keep it up! | first post about my new job > time to design
congrats, dude!!! now, can you get me free tickets?!? lol :-) j/k
haaah thanks :) yay im a ducky hahah
im not tho buddy, its between me & u :)
oh and also james bond drycleaners in bangalore! :)
thank you, mike. have a wonderful easter weekend :)
8 more follow ! please ! :d
yep. can't undue all those years! :)
engga, kita punya management sendiri :) march ga masuk the one management?rt wajib beli (cont)
and thanks :-)
help me get 100 views !! or more !! :d
lol kk :) .. idk where too get one thou
loving the new mayday parade video :)
where's my #ff thanks?? :) are you in nyc?
:) rt: #shoutoutto for making my night with the best movie ever!!! #wdigmt a must see now!
i doggedly grow the blog workers industrial union,1#p2 peep at a time :-) // and thus, we continue. we never quit!
l3c as a name is new to me, i know the concept well, it should come with a warning "only to be used by revolutionaries" :)
lol really? okay well i don't feel weird anymore lmao. is it awkward for you? im chillingggg and twittering. :)
isn't keith the best? :)
me too (((hug))) i haven't talk to you in weeks! i've been busy lately. how are things with you? :)
i know aww :( but don't care :)
cool, thought i forgot... i have before :)
can i qet a follow backk sweetie =)
lol, sorry! i still love you lots! :)
thanks :d playing destination nowhere by at work today, its perfect!
kamu ulangtahun? happy birthday lohhhh :d wish you all the best ayu!
can i have 8 moreeee???? :)
lol! not mine :) its kavias 7th b'day!! thanks a ton anyway :)
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
listening to back. stage crew. c"mon amy :-) how's those head winds? (@ loft again)
ohhhhhh yes! i bet it was an amazing trip!!!! :-)
thanks much for the card & nice to meet you! :)
totally! we have art walk every first friday of the month in fairfield. :)
thanks for the support brother, great to be back into it and learning some new skills :)
spins their egg the longest without it falling off the table wins. (i was really good at it, for the record) :)
im just hostile at moments ut i took therapy :)
lol u hear that :) rt: we just saw #wdigmt....loved it! i would love to have a man like troy!!!!
that sucksss. i'm on spring break :)
actually, i've met him. :) so guess that kinda backfired, huh? yeah.
haha.. you're not alone.. it happens to me too.. :)
erykah i love u mami i finally understood ur video after kem drove it in my brain lol :)
thanks boo =) i give u credit u ain't scared to work like some ppl these days...m3
hope you didn't eat all of your easter eggs :) (someone ate all my eggs, not me... maybe josephine ;)
ooh..sorry i didn't know it, but hi =)
*embarrassed* you owe me a colored pic of you. xo =)
it's my pleasure! =)
:d can the name for an andhra mess be meals reddy? #fb
found this gallery of myself unexpectedly tonight :-) and you can vote for me here:
watching #foodrevolution with right now! tonight's episode is incredible! :d
off to bed; hope everyone has a great night; tweet dreams; don't let the bed bugs bite. :)
good games, the few i played. thanks for the inv again. :)
any man that drinketh thy beer with a straw is gay! corinthians 6 :16 :)
wishing you a very happy easter! :-) thank you!
those unfollowers think they are celebrities.!! omg poor people =) lol
very good :) me too miss you ):
*throws a huge brick to dha back of yur head* *turns around, keeps walkin like it wasent me* :d
top pick --> great day at work! now relaxing after a yummy dinner at fish grotto. :-) (by
yes of coursee :)
and now we watch the 1986 tranformers movie. ahhhh, we are geeks :-)
ooo. intriguing. is it now you're job to keep me intellectually "stimulated" or something =)
how i've missed my bay friends...hella this, heck that...its good to be back :)
omg!!! happy birthday lifer!!! i wish u all the best on your special day! :-)
i fart i poop its no biggie lol :)
yay! my son is asleep! internetz time =)
i am! congrats again. :)
sure. no big. :) hope you're having a great weekend.
no-right now we are finishing booking a us tour for a new band-as i am from maryland :)
oh hey, not saying this is anything deliberate :) you're linking a lot of external stuff. tricky to diagnose.
thank u :) shows mad love. much love 2 u both <3 #ff
a very good friday starting an apron for a nephew, high park w/@jkozuch and then wine and bitching w/@karmacakedotca and :)
awh, thanks for the #ff guys. :) y'all are sweet! <3
hey! retweet this 2 win a new apple ipad frm details here: :)
thank u :)
ooh looks like it finally happened. :) i hadn't yet been pinged. looked like you are ultra on top of things. how happy are you? ^tk
when you get back you should follow me :)
there's always next time : )
my sexy guess platform heels :) you like ?
i ought to still be here. :) i won't be able to sleep unless i know.
yes :) wohoo cody is on my team.. stripper :) <333
nothing like nsync to make everything all better :d #nowplaying 'your all i ever wanted.. your all i ever needed'
please follow its my tweet limit account please follow it :)
i know :) to each her own, tho. it encourages ppl to write & harms none so . . . *shrug* i'm ok w it.
:) do yu have the link ?
g4g? anyone? :)
stunning image of the orion nebula from nasa's spitzer space telescope #space / dazzling! : )
me too :) im my crib, nice-niceness i'm type tipsy right now
chelsea! chelsea, as always :) dukung chelsea atau manchester united ?????
ilike! :d giiuv me menu?
thanks!!! :)
:) missed tweeterin to ya!!
really #love how much more thank you mails i get for #mojolicious than bug reports. :) #perl
i love the way u speak!! your accent & adorable personality!! im making my husband speak 2 me in british accent. he's good :)
kill snowy to get a frozen gansito :d might as well kill that chocolatito de perrito q tienes :) oops!
you are so funny! yes tree dwlers do tend to be tree huggers :)
awww. thanks donna. :) i'll *admit* the #roughnecks are a great team, and i'm hoping for #yyc vs #yeg in the playoffs. go #rush!
do you think you can help me get 4 more followers? i would love 3, but 4 to be safe :) please, i'll return shoutouts.
followed :)
i had to shazam it with the iphone but it worked :)
q:lyfe and everyone in it... hbu a:same but with the jerkin part as well :)
shoutouts for shoutouts? :) i need 2 more!
haha well just join the chat then :)
ty jc 4 these 2 ladies of solid #faith in you! :)
i love its true!! whos helen? :)
hello john. check us out. we specialize in wordpress hosting service. =)
she&him on letterman! <3 i agree!!! :)
lol no problem :)
ha! not really, but my sisters are worse :)
oh ok :) have a great day :) :)
*kisses* :) yup lol #shouts lookin so seductive in here tonite
thankyouuuuuu my biology fellows :d happybirthday ya
ciiiiiiiiizzzzz.. starting with big smile :)
to them, not you..lol...imma text u =)
thank you for your comment on my blog today :)
they just had a baby :)
what ya think????? isnt it purrty :)
i apologize it looks like ur laughing at me to be honest. im glad that u can speak ur mind =)
storm 1? same as 9000 theme? there's many cool themes for storm man :d
i'm hungry. at 12 pm my brother and me will go out to the restaurant :)
ohhh nuffin much :) yourself?
curse you tap tap! harbor master hd down to #2 free game. anyone that hasn't downloaded harbor master hd get it now please! :-)
:) glad we got that cleared up. my pleasure.
good....so crowded though...we stood in line for like 10 min just to get in the building! but it was worth it :)
because your fotki is so damn awe inspiring :-)
