scream greats & fangoria's weekend of horror are grrrreat for nostalgia :)
wow im soo scared! lmao, when you wake up in china just know that i dropped you off their :)
awww. =/ another time, we'll do it again ^_^ hehehehe<3
ask me anything :)
thx for an awesome 1.5 days in magical india thus far--i really love your company. :)
pls follow :)
you think!? :d niiicccceee pic ;)
worddd . it's nice to meet you girl . im jaz . :)
we are 6 :) but i'm mostly on in here & also kinsey & cailtin :)
..ah..pele..sry o.. :) av u download dat movie now?«thanks! not yet my dear
nice at abercrombie in the grove. this is what happens when u lose a bet : )
do you have a facebook? :)
follow follow follow follow follow follow :)
you can have my spot haha :)
why thank you sweetie! i am so honored. :)
i like my dreams :)
rusty jr is really a nice guy he is very popular at school they call him "panda" that describes his big gentle nature :)
stickam show! 9pm pst! be there on the front page of stickam, we can hang out and have some fun :d
yea and the fact that she's a terrible larper. probably why i was shocked about harvard. :) well congrats!
interested in starting a non-profit organization after my fight. any ideas?? want to focus the attention i'm getting to a great cause. :)
:-)
cute pic. and your nephew. :)
thanks :)
spent the day w/ the chengs around town. i think jessica understands a little better now why came here for school. :) #fb
:) i'm seriously tech-challenged, still finding my feet on twitter, but so fun
what's up everyone!!!! i made changes to my layout.. honest and not so honest opinions are welcomed :)
twitties. i love it :)
ahahaha!! love it!!! :)
#shoutout to for the follow =)
just had a fantastic dinner grilled tilapia covered in sauteed crawfish and 1 very large melon margarita :) yum
goodnight twin :-)
nice run up post to the ipad launch today do u get yours today? bring it to india when u come next :)
i hope u prayed for me <- yes i prayed for u! :)
tweet me cute quotes and i'll :)
check out rock with u's fusion music video! yeeeaaaa buuuddddyyyy :d
well said! i understand :)
no prob ^_^
going to be having chicken n dumplins :)
if you want me to follow you back :)
apparently nobody important. thanks, wikipedia. :-)
so do i! :d
if it was withing my power, you know i would. :)
haha i have no idea how that happened. im pretty excited nonetheless! :d
on another note service was fiyah! n inspiring :) now i need food!
sweet dreams :)
noooo its for deja hahaha but thanks lol, u got me one :d
love life w/you 2! #ff :)
i know =) that writer must've been imagining running him over in a corrolla haha
kids were gone, lived it up. went to 3 places i'd never been and one i'd only been to once ... and bought skates. full week. :)
ooh ok well hurry up! =)
at your reco following >> hope to get followed back :-)
#followfriday my awesome friend how are you? i'm happy to see you!! :)
you can also meditate and repeat a mantra, like, "this, too, shall pass." really! :)
trilla where's my skrilla!! jokee follow me pls :) | done!
well thanks. :) i left fox in august and am still working in the area -- just not in tv anymore.
yep! like we said baby steps, right? eventually you'll be able to stay naked longer. for now very short is enough. :)
i could eat lobster eryday........and asparagus....<----i second that. while listening to gangsta grillz of course :-)
mmmmmini reeses! :) yum! when try, may sub them for pb chips so no chocolate. (then i can eat them!)
thanks for that buddy. you seem really cool and your definitely being...followed :-)
bwahaha yup i sure would :) ps luv ur guts
haha! i don't make apple pies yet. gotta start small first :)
if u want to be listed!!! :)
i was praticing bad romance dance move for tues dance stuido! =)
thank you so much. & you're welcome. :d
back the studio. just had a great idea for a song :)
and he does taste good :) it's all good. will sooooo get shit from my family. lol
my dad had the ai article waiting for me in the morning :) i was soooo proud of him lol he gets that i'm in love with it ;)
quick update: 13 follows until we hit our comma & then a chance for someone to win this! :)
=) thanks boo!!!
i believe in looking reality straight in eye & denying it. -garrison keillor #quote :)
thanks for #ff love have a great weekend! :)
:) you know who is old? is old... like seventyhundred or something!
let's sold out this! go 2 there are 5* & 4 * still avaliable 4 concerts! :)
:)
oh yes. i love that show ... on pbs? my ancestors were all name changers so i'm thinking.... outlaws! kinda exciting. :d
hi my sweet friend. it's funny because i always thought you were the best! :) giant hugs for you! :)
we are planning a scrum for a lot of our free extensions & too :)
so beast :) haha now my mother knows who you are :p so like if i come to ny i might just sit outside ur studio lmao :d jkay ;)
no problem!! he's a lot of fun. :d
baiklah.. bisa disimpulkan perseus anaknya zeus.. (tetep bhsan td mlm) good morning anyway.. :d
i will be landing in your town come early july! :)
dude, you're about 6 months behind the curve. :-) i thought this had died down by now.
here ! :) lol
:) :) :) :) :) ...i would keep goin but then its gonna take me awhile to finish lol...u already know tho :d
.@brettr4763 exactly! thanks for the and #ff i love being connected on both twitter and facebook :-)
thanks : )
absolutely. :d
what kind of games do you play? i have both; thus i can offer insight on this :d
:: #shoutout2dagirlz that dont like chicc fliccs ... yall alright wit me :)
 http://twitpic.com/1crccr getting ready at fiona's jacek's getting hit girl for his bday rt~ sexy chin! xoxo :-)
thanks for the follow back : )
love the commercial :)
thanks for being you! :d
sure thang! :) thanks tweethearts :)
yikes!! :) did you see this one, hehe
sometimes it is necessary :)
make a tweet asking someone to call for you? :)
thank you muchly for the #ff! i hope you enjoy reading my little bites of thinking. :d
pagi wan!! :)
pangkal pinang dear... wah, chantal coming to my hometown? :) kota yg mana kak? babel, here i come!
