have fun work =)
thats good :)
:) i agree lmao..we shuld have more tweets like this :d
patron in my system =)
oh, okay.. but i need a little time to get accustomed to it... :)
#shoutout2thedudes that play for their women during intimate times :)
it's the 2nd last day of the quest for inmortality exhibition. i'm working! heh! :d let's see how packed this place can be...
dude! great write up on the dj battle :) very un-biased and detailed.
<--thanks!
three more people please follow :)
vanity is good :d
listening to valencia and promoting :)
going to taco bell then to pinz ! :)
ha! well i've seen a few of those over the years classic :) night for now, and you
how handy!!my daughter and i were just wondering about that. :) thx
#ariaaquotes #ariaawisdom right now remember love transcends all fields of energy :)
lol ok and np :) anytime!!
nope, if you make a joke after noon, you are the fool. but as a norwegian, you are forgiven this once :-)
7 days :) how long is the juice fast period that you are on? i have never done any sort of detox..
: greaat. just chillaxinng on my bed :) hbuu?
one huge shoutout to cool person right there rape the follow button :d
u must try indonesia food or chinese food. :) almost there but first we had to stop off at our favorite mexican restaurant.
how would you do tht :)
mine too! my nite is going to be so perfect :)
are you for siberian florida because you are moving away? :-) no disappointment here, by the way.
#jonasbrothers are my whole life :) <3
lol i always bake cupcakes for my loviez!!! ill surprise u ffoorrrssuurree... :)
i'll call you in a little :)
i listed u 20 times :) plz tell that u followed her cuz of me :) thnx
=) noddin my head
okay i followed you !:) follow back :)
thanks :-)
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
mayyynneee i slept right through going 2 work *shrugs shoulders* #ohwell *starts tweeting* :)
hi :)
hey! :) how r u? i'm doing good. xcept got a little cold. what's new w/u?
hi cherise :)
was it good? forgot to dvr but gonna catch it over the weekend. he's a decent fella :)
heeyyy babygirl! :d
awesome!! you'll have to let me know if — sorry, how much —you love it. :)
awww, thank you!! :) those were good times.. <3
:)  hypnotized by oxidized greeen nails and smokey eyes #fuego
i'm listening to hockey... :-)
clt: chehra hain ya sagar kishoreda. beautiful start to the day :)
i'm sorta excited to start working on monday :-)
yummmm my friend danyell made ice cream balls sooo good.. vanilla ice cream w/butterfinger crumbs and chocolate and carmel :)
no prob :) thanks for #ff again
lmao! omg u r so funny, thank u your beautiful urself :) mutual friends? sonya & semona? i think i seen u w/ them once
romantically challenged looks cute. it will do great. :)
lake show :)
everrryone go follow -----> like right nowww! :d
hey twitfam i'm back :)
:d
i call it how i see it. love is given, received, and given back. you're just too kind to us ladies mr :)
this outtake is just pointless (fun) fluff for twitter gals epov outtake will be posted this weekend for everyone :)
aha i love subway also though :)
thanks, it was an ebay find. (yes, new!!) :)
awesome pic today! but it definitely wasn't enough. feel free to check your dms again tonight. :)
wahoo! i'm almost at 800 followers!! :) thanks guys!! <3
heyy follow me back? :)
no, i wish i did! if i did i would never give it to anyone! :)
hahahaha same..xd what did u do today? :d
you smile i smile . im just sayin :)
goin out for dinner tonight with the rents 4 my bday :d gonna have me some cocktails haha
i want tooo see ittt :)
isabelledaza: no exercise today, good thing i packed slenda! i've lost 4lbs using it in 3 weeks. :) yay! its
i'm sorry baby. my mom makes me craazy about my health, but i cannot imagine the whole parents/ed issue. you're fine. :)
thanks for the #ff love. we enjoyed spending a bit of it in the adirondack splendor :)
#jonasbrothers is what jb stands for :d
go to a party with joe :)
woot!! excited for the #chocfollies tonight ...fundraiser for the orange county children's hospital :) #willbelivetweeting
they're playing ryde or die bitch :-)
they make awesome bgs >> << so follow them :d
please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
follow :)
why'd you unfollow me ? follow me back again? im following you now too :)
i want to do a model contest and have 7 buzznet winners be the models for the line! sending email tomorrow :) xoxo
i'm aware my boyfriend's a dork :p its official :d taken by
not too much bush. how are you? have things settled down there yet? happy easter!!! hugs : )
it's been a while since i dragged peeps but these last 3 days, i was busy #blessed :) lma0
omg i loved that book!! it's sooo cute! :)
real democracy is government of the people, by the people, for the people not which party wins :)
feel free to #ff me i will return tha luv! :d
thank you very much for the #followbirdnature, greetings for you :)
was that rug tasty? :-)
morning kaakk...rt good morninggggg semuanyaaa! :d have a great holiday yaa
my pleasure! :)
to assistindo: 42 ways to kill hitler. nice! :d
:d hahahahaha fuck y0u! i'm pissed if lmao revenge is mine april fools :)
yeah, super late i was sleeping, then there is work & good friday. 1. elevate your mind. i wanna go higher! 2. surprise or nude :)
thankk you so muchh<3 :)
: greaat :) just laying down.. lol
i appreciate you doing my marketing while i was on the road. :)
:) i had the best time this evening with disney folks on twitter doing #confessfriday
lol. heheee.. that's my sooooonggg!!! ^_^
yeah she a little slow at getting there :)
getting dolled up for work! pretty pretty pie!! :)
then they are bad parents. even worse than those who name their kid "peanut". :-)
and i are at sakuracon :)
hi what's up :)
can't wait! :) picking outfits out now!
:-)
now onto saw ii :) x
thanks! :d nice idea #ff (pls rt)
someone list me 3 times? i'll list back :)
:d we are the absolute salt and lime...gaga is the tequila :d
oooo la la i just got a text message from some one on twitter guess who!!???!! lol :)
thanks for the ff love! you guys rock! everyone follow everyone!! :-) have a great weekend!
thanx sweetie :)
#jonasbrothers are so god dammmm hootttt and sseeexxxyyyy!!!!!!!! :d
i was one of the people who got a job in march! big thanks to wh for cobra & unemployment help. it made a huge difference! :)
oh im sorry and hey thanks! i had no idea i wasn't following you but i am now :)
hey again :d u should try amp energy that stuff makes me hyper!!!!!
my entire family know about #jonasbrothers because of me :d
i have a couple of pheasants that surprise! started laying eggs... :)
follow get 'em to 11,000 gooooo :d
#autism i know i'm a little behind, but hey, i still have more reason to tweet this than most of you.<how so? :)
happy easter love ya can't wait to meet you this summer :)
with so many of my favorite boys :) come over! (@ sweet and vicious w/
ah ok. :) i have my fb too.
actually, when i say it, it's whining. :)
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
no problem :) did you figure it out?
that would be nice. :)
please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
and i lerve my and too!! you guys are soooo cute & kind! ^_^
high five to my little brother :) love ya kid.
awesome! quality always grows in popularity, that's prolly why :)
watching the blindside :)
type in bukake :-)
ahh short of the same :d
np :)
i agree great flick twilight? boooo! watch let the right one in :)
whass poppington hun !!! :d
#ariaaquotes #ariaawisdom right now remember love is sufficient unto love :)
you can find me at #vezfookout tomorrow =)
hey twitter!! =)
:) goodnight yasmin x
hey thanks :) #ff
been such a long day...just stepp'n in ...feels so guud =)
hi! yes, for over a year already :)
absolutely! :-)
gonna unfollow some of my followers just ask me if u want me to follow u back :)
=) & request tootit&bootit on 4 me 2!
met the infamous and #tattooed took it like a champ. thx for coming in guys. <word! :)
two more people please follow :d
:) wasted on those that do not know the significance on looking like the hottest man on earth
most sincere appreciation for your rtl : )
#ariaaquotes #ariaawisdom right now remember love generates metamorphosis :)
that's me! =)
really? lucky! i may see it again this weekend though! <3 :)
i've had indigo girls songs going through my head all day! it's about time to pop in a cd. :)
*muah* :-)
that was a good one :)
hows the sweetest guy on twitter?? :)
good morning =)
ooops, i'm still figuring out how to work twitpic!!! bear with my technoidiocy :-)
who loves #jgf : )
thanks for all the replies, makes me feel less isolated :)
packed. u suppose to take it slow on weekends :)
ariaa, do u need. back up, this looks like a rough crowd :) @hipcop: lol we busted
srry my phone effed up. i was gonna say i'm glad you do :)
lol, you can have my share. :) i did not get those taste buds for some reason
fact #14: justin is in algebra 1 as a sophomore. haha :)
ty my friend! hope you have a great weekend! :-)
let's talk soon! can't wait to catch up!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank you! : )
you too what? :)
#ariaaquotes #ariaawisdom right now remember love envelopes all living creation :)
haha me and r talking about a ds on aim! :d funnnnnn!! :d
thank you! :) photo: first friday i love it!!!
i need a pedicure pronto. i have no excuse now. :)
i see you rising. :) just remember you owe me a show before your rates go up to like 10 grand!!! lol > i gotcha
i think we're all on top of that one! :)
yep. :)
hahah :) happens to meee all the time!
i got what you were saying. 'you > me.' i got it. you are better. end of story. :)
heh heh... live by the sword, die by the sword! or something like that... :)
like the idea of a bowie twitter feature by a major aussie fashion mag? us too stay tuned. : )
i thought so too, especially getting that w a vid from the author fb as a welcome as a friend. : )
yum look at you!! :)
the show is big!! keep up the bangers! i'm catching on 2 da content at this time :)
#ariaaquotes #ariaawisdom right now remember love engulfs the heavens & earth :)
wow that is awesome! so your gonna be in playboy someday?! :)
had a great looong day!! spent it wt my mom n aunt :) now im watchn a movie..time to relax!! sum popcorn wld b good!
hola! mr pete! how are you? how is business going? enjoying your life! :d
ok pheww :) and i agree, some tweeps need to learn some tweetiquette!! its just not cool!
#jonasbrothers are finally a tt! :d
hook it up :)
maybe is real..... :d yay!!! (: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
=)
yay when are u starting these storeis. i freakin love them :)
you're truly welcome, wendy! : ) #liberty #freedomfighters
thanks for the #ff :)
thanks zand@venusrising67 -- ok, deal! :) (via i'm www.venusrising.us i always follow back!
what are you doing in oslo? dj'ing? :)
woo hoo! freedom! finally leaving work. :)
hope you guys are having fun ! :)
heyyyy loveee :) you said my house smells like candy because im in it lol awwww ur sooo sweet ;)
aww! just keep trying. i'm sure you'll find some soon :)
thanks to you! great movie :)
