just woke up :)
trying to reorganize plans of course. :)
yes you mayyyyy :) shall it be neil?
we play wyr!!!! that's what we do!!! :d follow us??? :) plzzzz! or play with us! were playing now
we're the best! so do the #jonasbrothers :d
peace =)
i love talking to all my filipino friends here! :)
i learned audioslave's 'light my way' on guitar :)
aww & my twiggheart ( don't wanna put her b4 he kill me lol ] are gonna hav they own :-) happy for the both of u
finished the kiss & tell edit video :)
ok now we can go to sleep perhaps :)? #4sqday four square day in press :) #4sqday thanks st. pete times :)
night, ladies. for a friday night, i'm done. sleep well, jen, and have a great day yohani! :)
yes she is! :) -- blush, now stop you two... so how has your day been treating you?
girl i've been meaning to you ... well hell just tweet you back :) your comments are always appreciated!
no but you can thank . he's the one that makes everything look awesome with guidelines like 'i want pink' :-)
wow. loving and s outfits..simply flawless! :)
no problem, girl :) -tay
online . :) keep rt-ing guys.. :p
no release date precious. gotta get blossom up the charts b4 they put out an album :) hoping this spring is a booming season!
no prob :) thank you for the follow sweetie!
thanks. :)
sure thing! i'll send jon over with it first thing on monday :)
it was great kay! there's always next year : )
gue malah kerja :( me too! :d it's saturday and i just woke up at 10.30.
yes! two matches vying for the status of the most boring match of #ipl3 :-)
aw, bad friday? so sorry. kep yer head up :)
you are very welcome! and thank you for the #ff as well :) have a great weekend!
indeed..get ready!rt sooo.. the new #vampirediaries episode is waiting for me. :)
hey is finally following u now!!! cangrats!!! :)
you may know more about what they're thinking after all, you used to be one, right? :)
good night! have fun :)
^_^
if you want #jonasbrothers to stay on the trending topics forever. :)
if ur sexy n u know it n u really wann show it.... listenin to #djscottyfox on =) baby u gotta the baddest look...
check out our new site www.myfavi.com very useful for people that have to many websites to remember! created for you guys! sign up... :)
did he just say unplugged on vh1 next week??? i'm so there! ^_^
im finished baby :)
just had great fun with & in second life love to meet you both :)
how sweet! that sounds like a good day :)
it is a myth. usually. i guess we're defying expectations tonight! :)
i love that #jonasbrothers is still a #1 trending topic. :)
sitting in the gossy room, waiting for the show :-)
that means she is on a booster seat of phone books. lmfao :d driving the f-350 again lmfao
im guessing you loved the last song? hahah :)
i'm sad you won't eat my eggs, i know you love them. we'll save some if you wanna come over sunday. :)
your welcome dear :)
can you follow me back please :)
fact #30: justin has 2 pairs of ray bands :)
just read that me and a leo could be nearly perfect for each other...owwww....joshy is a leo... ^_^
alright so...i'm bored. :)
:d okay.but we need snacks
f**k basketball and baseball, bring on football season =)
i love that #jonasbrothers is still a #1 trending topic. :)
i love that #jonasbrothers is still a #1 trending topic. :)
no prob :) thanks for the #ff ;)
(cont) she even said ur pretty. u both are great girls.. :)
buy some diapers and then when the baby switches from organic baby food to human food, then get the ipad. :)
.@tbochris hello chris -know awaiting your new baby :) our thoughts w you :) you know about #4sqday baby ? :) #4sqday
yes yes landed in mumbai...n havin goood times. :) banate hain plan milne ka :)
btw, doing a major overhaul of the site--will let you know the new address when i'm done! :)
ooh look! posted to what a nice surprise :) "my little train station"
i knw the owners and all the guys there!! those guys r awesome. love em they make me laugh :)
can u please follow someone for me :)
2008! :)
lmaaoo ! he's on secretly :) but doesn't tweet much to us ~ :-(
okay uhm im twyla and remember if u wanna be a jdbuniversity student follow ... uhm.. yeah :d
ohhhh mannn, learning this crazzzzzzyyyyy song soooooooo excited guys :) :) !!!
yessss aha :) *proof* appears! lol
what up, what up, what up?! ayeee somebody get at meee,i'm in a great mooood! :d
heck ya! we're their official street team. lol. so who's your favorite? mine's mr. kendall schmidt :d -tay
ask away :) www.formspring.me/yousmileismile
he's a night owl. :) haha. that's awesome.
i feel that :)
いっぱいやばい写真とった！after i get internet i can blog it :) thank u for inviting!!!
owww welcome to the #fam now u get an official key to the #trendsettas mansion =)
send your info to :)
that's what'supp go get it.. :)
okay :) make amazing ones.
hi.,nice rush set :) rb "'fly by night' -rush-" ♫
ok...luckily, my brother ended up not having to stay overnight at the hospital :)
we're blushing! :) seriously, thank you so much for attending! it was a great group!
oh, i was just wondering. i'll keep following :)
yeah :d #jonasbrothers make us feel special :) and the jonas family know that we're the best !! the most plobnrg :d
ohh kk :)
ha, wow that's a lot :) y that much?
middle eastern food...i'm in heaven :)
ha! i like it! have you been to round top? you would love it! ps i stalk ur photos too =)
who's ever been to 4-h summer camp? :)
thanks for the #ff follow friday s & :d <-- awesome tweeps.
thank u :) boyshorts > thongs damnit
just saw the last song and now i look like a tomato hahha, that was one of the saddest, but best movies i have ever seen :)
i meant #datking!!! =)
you have to remember, i'm a music fan (& have been my whole life)...not just a mentor. :)
i wish there was areal life camp rock... with the #jonasbrothers & demi included! :d
thanks, homie. i'm a dark skinneded :) black boy from south central la. raised by a single mom w/ 3 bad ass kids :) ==>stanford :)
sleep, you never sounded so good : )
it was the best way to explain my lack of math ability :)
i like our goodbyes. let's never change :)
q:you sexcyy af ; nihgga marry meeee <3 :d a:thank you. and ur annonymous
what yall doing? =)
everyone go follow she needs 2 more followers! :d
idk if im late or early but happy birthday! hope your party is poppin! =)
also just finished writing a bio for dre. no mention then either. y'all keeping things under wraps. :)
metpen :)
fabulous! me now #listeningto two out of three ain't bad-meatloaf ...love the voice :)
yeah...millenials younger than 25 mostly. "official" group up to 29... not all are this way. :-)
fact #69: justin loves his penis :) thats why he touches it a lot.. sorry it was number 69 i had to do it!
hey just saw you, your music is great and you know how to spread his message! god bless ya! :)
that oughta be fun!!! :)
thinking of a #masterplan :)
so i heard. :)
time to have a shower then finish off my poster for :d hope he likes it haha
the #jonasbrothers have amazing style :)
*haha* i warned you.... :)
even though i'm td, i won't ignore you. i'll be your msn friend :)
haha.... thats jokes! i about a hour ago left yorkville myself! i am yet to bump into one of my local twitter buds in person :)
well nothing beats lots and nicci :)
just go to this site : www.funnyordie.com then will appear there automatically. :) warning: ur gonna laugh :)
i doooooo ! search me ! :)
best freakin free music on the net! pandorajam.com mac & iphone friendly :) thks
much love y'all. i'm out. holla! :)
your welcome :) hope all is good too. off to enjoy some wine with a friend as you know much needed lol ..
alrighty thanks :)
last week was interesting radio chatter at the end huh? :)
thanks :)
your originality is not to be messed with!!! love it mama. you're always so supportive :)
its still warm. and i'm drunkk :) happy bday too!! yaay!! birthday wekeend!!
awwww <3 hehehehe you are so vary truly amazing!!!! don't you forget that! :)
just saw the last song. i cried, it's one of my fave movies now, it reminded me of something really important to me. :)
omg wowwww~~ i hope i get 2 see her next tour :)
teehee! and i are being the peanut gallery. but only in our own minds. :-) #norwescon #bdsm
thank all for your rt's!!! :-) #ff #love@zagrrl #your #ff #follow
gotham citi with :)
hon it dont matter if u wasnt on twitter before now the main thing is ur here now.. :) an that makes me smile.. ttyt
main" sinilah! gw masakin :d
pulling up to "reliv" its my best friend's birthday :-)
#sometimesifeel like blair waldorf.. how she smiles in someones face, then frowns when they turn around :) :(
haha shes pretty to, and i do use his twitter name.. but thats cause he means a lot to me!! :)
thank you!!! i expect miracles everyday :-)
i miss doing easter egg hunts hahah :)
hope you take some time to rest and recharge this weekend. :)
skyping with :) in fl!! <3
thanks :)
refollowed :)
i'd love it if you'd read my goofy poem on my blog. :) an old one, but i like it. makes me smile. :)
i love that #jonasbrothers is still a #1 trending topic. :)
good good. this tour is a blow friend wise. i miss the last one :/ but hopefully ill see you soon, someday, in this lifetimezz :)
i got you :) now following follow back? :)
pleaaaase continue your " secret " following mission & follow me & :) we ♥ you ! :d
thanks for the #ff right back at you : ) enjoy your weekend
i know & thats why you love you some :)
that is so cool! yay! thank you! :)
you mean as far as you know :) e.g. ever tried the linkedin app, and the "in person" feature?
if you have ever had a dream you were dating a #jonasbrother <3 :)
yup....he's mos def ridin the soooooooooooooul train :)
you too lily. have a very happy easter! :-)
if it makes you feel any better, mine is in kentucky supposedly :d
man, i'm good haha jk :)
thanks for the & there's kindness is them eyes, good profile pic :)
awww, thanks! (: reply me on or dm me the details of your background :) clara
thats wassup' im ready for the college life tho' ^_^
q:hei a:hey ma inner beauty :)
i cant wait 4 karate kid to come out!!! :) im going 2 the movies the first day it comes out:d
to go out...or not to go out...that is the question. :)
oh, you guys. not mine! haha! it's my childhood best friend who is getting married. :) this is so surreal, but i'm really happy for her.
if you leave #jonasbrothers concerts feeling overjoyed :)
where is my ???? =)
of course :d #bobwemissyouinmcr
ya'll should check out my gorgeous twitter background. my mama is takin me somewhere tommorrow. :)
what is the date for randy's mariner hof ceremony in 2012? :-)
well ok then ttyl :)
lol! well i got to head to bed. talk to you later! :)
*hugz back* thanks guys :) kisses xoxo <3
awww, lil girls it was so cute when y'all giggled :)
paint one for me. :)
fact #34: when i told justin i loved him, he put a heart in the air and smiled :)
i'll bring you some food on sunday after your show here in cali.. =)
thank you :)
a box, eh?? what kind? i've never tried box wine. :d i've got this one kind that i love.... and that's about it :)
sharkeez in manhattan beach pynkz geeked up :)
i love that #jonasbrothers is still a #1 trending topic. :)
idk why but i like the open mouth one.. haha but i think ima pick that one! thanks for ur input! :d
just a small thing.. have to expose to the wonder that is kh.. french toast for me this time! :)
i am ready for wahlberg's tongue!!!! :d
sweet :) my kid drew this on my office board today
i did. sorry it took so long :)
lol im just joking i see tho :)
pretty good :) kinda boring :p yours?
and a happy easter to you too mr knob! :-)
can u please follow someone for me lol :)
oh its nothing! i'm alright! :)
if you have ever had a dream you were dating a #jonasbrother <3 :)
if you want #jonasbrothers to stay on the trending topics forever. :)
thanks for the shop mention! :-) --i sure appreciate it!
whats up? :)
you guys rock! thank you for : )
my song is on by monica =)
good to hear wish i was there watching too! :-)
i know what you mean.. but what you heard, was it all said before? :) nice awakening?
had a great day. enjoyed the weather and made new friends on twitter :) cant ask for more than that!
