can i make your backround for your twitter??!!! :d :d :d
lol it was the hardest working vacation i ever had and i met the most interesting people :)
about to get some zzzzzzzzs soon! full force tomorrow! : )
we are a force to be reckoned with :)
yes! let's make it a ritual =)
tnx for listing me :) list you back :)
if you followed me tonight for my bday, that would be the first gift i've gotten all day :d (no gifts till nxt wk) :[
-it's funny the btchs who were "the shit" in hs all fat & ugly now. guess who's got the last laugh, btchs? =) [ g o o n i g h t ] ♥
#peopleshould follow =)
your my co-d man i got yo back :) x
swear that is my fav thing about the entire city! #fatgirlatheart dunkin donuts... gotta love the east =)
2 more followers dong thanks :)
hi..yes i agree. lol go follow my acc :) -- alex m
love you! thanks for the ff! :)
aw ur so cute =) hittin a mexican/cowboy theme party
les gusta joderme la vida no? :d "fact #38: baby and that should be me are about caitlin.. and so are a lot of other songs." ¬¬
awwww i can't stop looking at my background =) it's amazing <3
but it's all good. we all have dreams, and we never know when they will come true :-)
if we were together right now, i'd hold your hands with you. :d
cousin got me a meal ticket :) yaaaay!
patron in my system =) >>u 2 bout get wasted<<that's the plan! almost there!
yes, for those who peruse dictionaries and follow the guidance. :-)
follow and i'll list you 10 times. go follow them and tell me. now :d
your stick drawings are my new favourite thing ev-er! you're far too talented, it's sickening! you should make a book of them :)
these are the wonderful #jonasbrothers :)
shuffling :)
nothin' local? i want a memphis original! :) beale st is packed to the gills, btw. and thank you for helping! -aw
im a super fan thats how :) haha jk idk i just do! think of the line right after that in the song!!
i see going hard over there y'all follow her =)
love your tweets! :) great to meet you thanks for the connection :-)
jus bought 2 v-neck t-shirts 2day :-) #boom
here's mum in the dress i made for her :-) celebrating her birthday and anniversary today :-)
yay!!!!! :) you're the best!
i'm on cs3 so that makes me due for cs5 :)
i know. and have such things to confess :) i'll be hanging about tmro during the day... and then after 8 est. i'm all yours.
offdhis ' prob bbl if not ; niqht tweetheartss -- lonqq day tamorrow :)
i am totally a supporter of yours now :)
manly burp :d
is that date what i think it is?! cuuuute!! awww.. i better be invited!! :d
maybe you should mind your own fucking business :d this isn't myspace so maybe you should turn your caps lock off.
lol dej-a-vue! :) again, thank you. any suggestions?
i love to cook! i'm italian =)
easter egg prepared for mother's day. by the brilliant terry at || :)
whos getting drunk!! =) say me
oh good :) really funny but if you get into the ethics of it all then we run into some issues
good point, b-rett! you're in san francisco now, crys. the rules don't apply :)
thankyou :)
if the lakers lose 2day will b a great day :)
it's been 6 months since my one tweet from you :( jami wants more jimmy please :)
get me five followers. quick. :)
followed :)
hii =) this acc is to promote new artists =) in order to do that i need more followers =] can you help me please?? (:
ouch. have a speedy recovery ok. :)
did you put that case aside :)
omg i totally got my brother with that link!!!!!!!!!! :d :d rofl!!!!!
rest well :)
haha you're hilarious. i wonder where you got it from :)
had a very good night with good people :)
am i on the list? :)
zomg. thank you so much! :)
okay, please do! so i can get my mind right for this one! :)
yup :) i felt very lucky back then!!
gluten-free tasting tomorrow afternoon delish! stop by for some amazing gluten-free delectables :)
i feel like nehemiah, tho. so much resistance as i near the finish. i'm passionate about errthang! & i'm insecure. i'm an artist :)
who saw too what taylor tweet but deleted :d ?
thanks! i tried it just now! hope it works :)
ill call u n set it up u need on ur album. stop playin =) come on i'm ready
mehh eewww naah. you are. :)
thanks for the ff! :) xoxo
these would have been our last photos :) |soooo dramatic...but sooo true!
are these prescription thingies? you'll have to lemme know how they work, plz =)
thanks :d #ff
formspring is so entertaining :) lmao <---i agree lol
nope it just involves signing up for a website :)
out of 140 twitter characters, my favorite is u. : )
#jonastour2010 :) trend it!
i'm making all sorts of fabulous veggies, and grains, and sauces... mmmm =)
can you guys please sign this it'd mean a lot to me :)
dinner with my dad and cousins ... love having my fam around :)
that's so great! congratulations! if you tweet a pic of the set list, let me know. :)
amin. lho?? :) pagi om, boleh dibagi teh manis drogba dan pisang goreng lampard buat tar malam ;)
having a nice party celebrating whatever we have to celebrate : )
5 more till 700! :) then 300 left! could we get 300 in two hours?! i hope!
xd that was funny! it is just overall a really amazing film! :) i think everyone should see it! <3
i'm on my way! g'night :)
me too. eat a lunchable =)
anytime :-)
share the 4dfiction link :) get people in the irc chat too!
u dont need the seatbelt 2what we gonna be doin in my car.. :)
its a little slow tonight so good night have a good one :)
anyone who wasnt first, i will dm them about you <3 hope they reply :)
you wanna take this? :) that is an amazing picture. do you know the breed of dog?
yooo bout to go hit up tha club #nshittttt ill hit yall tweeters up laterr ! :d
#shoutout to yall keep me readin lol keep it up :)
hmmm never been there so i can't help ya lol. but enjoy :)
agreed :)
aww :) dreeee
you ova dere jammin..like u tryna set up sum action..lol =)
:) you know i totally love you :)
