#ff ------> he's worth followin for sure :d
i cooked minestrone last night & i must say it was good :) we cook, cook, cook & eat, eat, eat annually (for holy week)
i'll bail u out muffin :)
read ya bio follow back please :)
oke followed followed, follow back ya :)
hahaha that way neither one of us feel bad lol :)
my sis goin innnnnnn tonite! i love it!! i got one hell of a man!!! the end :)
hey! :) <3 yeah i just seen them. (:
haha hi :) how are you?
i love your voice <3 :) (youtube
#heyhey =)
the life and no competition (with that's right) i'd been looking for you on wax since i saw u at everydropcounts chi :-)
i'm at work. just wanted to thank you for the...pleasure you're giving my friends right now. =) love you!
yup taureans are the best :)
*grin* i've been squeezed by the pandacat!! i am now complete :-)
well......i didn't .....technically speaking. wanna hug? we aint hug inna while ^_^
morning, yellow spongebobs man. :b <------ *ini gigi spongebobs. :) hey, tall green girl. good morning.
welcome back! :)
i'm sobering up :-)
there is a app that i use, quite frequently. so cleansing :)
=) these whole past 2 san diego days have been quite the adventure. big up to the crew for a great time
i'm about to go to tera nova and post up outside selling my mixtape. :)
*throws donuts at them, they pull over* we lost them finally! xd *turns another corner and laughs* brace yourself! :b :d
you guys are awesome, twitter. i want to chat with all of you. to me and we'll have a conversation :)
:) haha ! thanks <3
at the city walk getting ready with my girls =) let's kill it!!!!!!!---have a great show !!!! smash!
i'm not busy jon! talk to me! send me dm's if ud like! u got my full attention :)
thnks :) ny . u?
thanks for the kind words. :) are you using phonebooth free?
if you love twitter :) <3
yes indeed :)
aint nothing worse than a fat chick at the club with a feminine drink! somebody get this big bitch a shot of malt liquor :)
im freaking out right now!!! thank you soo much for following!! you are such a good singer!! i hope you go far!! :)
"oh hey... i didn't see you there!" ;) lol i love u and happy birthday :d
on our way home from waco! cant wait to crawl into bed with : ) heaven
im going to need for you to tell me when we gonna hang! u see my new hair do??! :)
no prob =)
thanks sunshine. nice to see you char. : )
nice to have you back. :)
i'm baaack. :) squeaky clean, lmao. xd
you're the best! :)
aw thanks! :d cherry is on sale right now btw ;)
ty #ff back at you :-)
hey everyone is so yum :)
ok im comin thru friday...u go drink wit me :) then we'll do sac. who else is goin?
thanx for the #ff my friend :)
no i won't be staying up all night :-)
heyyyyy :) how's it going twinny?
i'm good. i think i'm in your hood. :)
:d lmfaoo dont worry she cant do anythingg..me + u is great!
hope you feel better soon :)
will be waiting for more. :-)
i know, i was just saying it back to someone else :d how have you been??
thx you! :) we'll miss you in columbia! thank you for being a great part of our community. best of luck in tampa!
haah! i would guess, probably not? but you never can tell. :d
hello to all the new listeners of my music! help spread this link around to your followers :)
on the phone with ! :)
i prefer it when they just write him street level, not killing darkseid with poison bullets. like in tas :)
im getting off if you post it tonight i will take it in the morn.. :)
if you love twitter :) <3
tell ure tweeps to follow me :)
you're so sweet =)
thanks for doing what you do. :)
yeah! it's gonna be a beautiful day! hm, happy good friday and happy easter for you by the way :)
awww. your sucha mommas boy its so cute :)
-- you're one lucky mum to have such an amazing son like ♥ :) 5
had it custom made with fabric i choose from an etsy-er.... :) aqua & yellow!
her: "that's wonderfully sensitive. especially from someone who wears such tight pants." him: "it forces all the blood to my heart." :-)
next time you think "it's not in the cards for me", remember, you get to shuffle the deck. :) #imt
okay, it's time for #followfriday. those of you who don't like the #ff thing should avert your eyes for a while because i always go big. :-)
many thanks 2 all the kind & thoughtful #ff love i received 2day! will return fire very soon! :)
you have the best and prettiest mama out there :) happy birthday!!
followed back! :)
#peopleshould know #jonasbrothers have the prettiest & most supportative fans in the world :)
that would be great. i'd like to see more shoes. i'm def. impressed with my liberty of london rainboots :)
that's good. :)
looool youll get used to it, i was really confused at first as well :) go on it more and youd understand !
yeah? next year. remind me for nfl, i wanna try it :)
read this: watch this: follow him: do it!! :)
thats the song :) #np r.kelly when's a woman's fed up
aw. that's adorable. :)
and of courseeeeeee sang for me too, awww im getting so much love and its just 19 mins into the day :)
i'm sorry, i only follow people i know or have tons of friends in common with. but i reply to everyone :)
that just made my night! you are too kind! <3 im glad your enjoying the season!! :d
thanx for the #ff my friend :)
yup 3------>2------->1 how the lanes go on the bqe....holy traffic!! finally moving. =)
sent u a dm :)
oh ilike wateva luks gud on me :) bt ilike it in pink !
stuart, i am so grateful that you contribute. you ooze the essence of the ddl <-- i totally 2nd that one!!! :)
lmfaoo i love germany,l.a, & ny :d
gonna go! just bought a whole heap of songs off itunes for my ipod :)
follow me back? :)
you guys were the most clicked link on our site yesterday :)
you're very welcome :)
thanks 4 sharing your long weekend reads :)
good night, i dozed off for a bit :) rb "goodnight" ♫
well, i enjoyed being on!:) :) but now i'm off to peace out girl scouts! love ya! ♥ -- twyla:)(:
thanks, matsu-nii!!!!! you're still my favorite sempai. :d :d :d
i'll make sure i put away the heavy weaponry so i don't act on instinct :) but you're welcome to give me a wake up call.
oh thanks :) didn't think the autism butterfly was right when tweetin porn! lol
i don't know...lol...that man good gawd...i can't even think straight when it comes to him :)
thank you for your work and #haiti updates. you enrich us all :-)
kama sutra for the elderly :) i'm not even kidding check kino cc
well they must really be generous :)
i know my face looks funny and black hahaha :)
its a picture of pattie :)
rt #ff ... #blink182 :)
mexico will just have to come later. :)
must follow :)
please follow me back? :) my friends hate you, but i won't change my mind about being a fan of you! :)
if you want to submit tracks to me, email alyxxdionemp3@gmail.com pop/smooth tracks!! if i like, i will email back :)
i only want symbolic tats w. meanings and only like 5 :)
happy early easter buddy!!! (i wanted to be the 1st person to tell you that, was i??) :d
happy birthday!!!! >>> enjoy your day hun!!! :)
it's all idolatry, babe. :d
happy birthday :) <-- thanks a million rae, appreciate the love. god bless!
potong kambing mas! ure one of us now :) i saw 11:11! first time ever! omg i feel so cool. must arrange a selametan soon.
thank you :) happy bday yaaa.. god bless you in all your ways!! ☺ ☺
so glad i could help. lol and sorry i missed in the original tweet. :)
<------ aaawwwhh thanks :)
thanks! kinda psyched to finally get a shot with my specs on. :d
thanks :)
:) i love how he commented on your name, lol.
dm mehh plzz and please can u follow meh :) <33
had an amazing day at the #nashuajelly, reinforcing lesson "being part of things that are bigger than me" is good for me :)
happy birthday! :)
yepp, you shoulda. :) did you enjoy the coin toss and the spear twirl? was it worth 17 dollars?
just saw your #ff --you named me! :) didn't know you liked me that much! we need to talk more! :p
the dialogue is a great start. don't be afraid to throw in more details, but otherwise keep going! :)
"#ff ... ..." /via #ff at least follow #ff ?... just wondering. :)
i wasn't. even if she was.. that's totally fine. :)
out with & :-)
hk hk hk .... oh did i tell ya hk :) (39th between 9th and 10th)
pa msh di purwakarta? lunch dmn? good morniiing tweeps :) having b'fast with in the (cont)
i just danced with 5 clowns. top that bitches. :) ha! oh boy.
i love it! :)
now aren't you miss popular. :)
well hello there my dear! 6th of november is at 99% :-)
got a couple singles of yours on wax today. reallllly excited :-) (this is fresh!)
ladies, there's no excuse, dick does cure headaches. :)
you're welcome, : )
she is such a fuckin lady #juststfu n follow me :)
hi enjoyed the wisecrack :-) tx
sounds good. can't wait to hear. if you sound as good as you look, i bet you're gonna win a zillion grammys sweetheart. :)
i want to see your name on my followers list! lol please make it happen :)
feels the urge to butt in and say i love sea and kristy kreme but i love sea much more! :d
if you believe in jesus, put it in your bio. if he is your god then dont be ashamed. be a witness! :d
ha! rt@biggrlnow i'm at work. just wanted to thank you for the...pleasure you're giving my friends right now. =) love you!
i love you tooo misss. o wen juice :)
aries are da best! lol yup i'm a leo! :)
what's my favorite word? :)
eh eh i ain't say yuh look 30 yuh kno i said 30 is not di new 20.. :)
thank you :) happy birthday u all the best in life..have a blessed life...gbu
thanks again for your continued lostzone support! :) #lost
totally missed #ff due to no wireless and shitty reception on my blackberry. i'll do double next week, i promise! :)
“it's ez 2 make a buck. it's a lot tougher 2 make a difference” ~tom brokaw #quote /via :)
please suscribe :) i will give you 3 huge shoutout if you done :) just tell me ya <3
itd be awesome if followed me before i go to bed -or- if i got to 300 followers by the end of the night ? :)
you never know. gabe may change your mind. =) are you in singapore? i'll be there for 2 wks in july. can't wait. :p
thanks for the rtl!! =)
omg thank u so very much for the link to more of i am so going to enjoy reading those articles as well :)
not only can you display the number we give you, we give you click to call with contact us plus. :)
whose? yours? :)
cute photoshopped dress in your profile pic :)
i love this just out the shower feeling.. :)
i definately can't watch the scene in the stadium....by the end i am crying out for him to make it stop...but he doesn't :)
you know ! i was wonderin why she follows me outta all the ppl that follow her lol. i feel lucky :d
present ma'm :p i'm awake :d good morning! :d
morning :)
haha! u r a #spurs supporter. u hv a lifetime supply of slack :-)
you left for a movie? slacker :d
:)
thanks for following back :)
that's from a short film, isn't it? i feel like i've watched that a few months ago the style is amazing :)
heyy #twitition justin bieber my world tour!!! =) it means a lot!!! please =)
i have the most awesome friends, it's true. i try every day to be as super as they are. :)
hmmm ok :) , ya just now buzzed as a new follower , thanks for following me :) :) | you both too :) :)
:) right after i wrote that he tweeted that pic lol
:d haha good afternoon!! <--- thanks ya...whatcha doing now???
-yum...beer and #old chicago. :) gotta love closing nights at #target. haha.: yum...beer and #ol...
rhia replied to rhia's discussion 'my progress so far' in the group curvier u in 60 days :)
i know. hah best middle name ever. :)
i know it. *strikes a pose* goodnight! sleep well! :)
yes sir! :) i fukks wit you 100%.. you be doing yo thang. let the hatas hate! while u still stack cake..
what we gonna do if i get off? :)
actuallyy im superman :) ur already my superman honey!
lol no that was and imani's : )
thank you darling! greetings » hey bday girl :) wish u all the best ya... ♥ ♥
it's awesome! thanks for the discovering! :d
i wish i had :) trying to hold off on the next book since i still have the shifter series and a couple others :)
so i'm thinking we should get to 850 :)
lol yupp thats y that follow button been clicked :d
a taco? i like tacos! :-) oh never mind just your presence and touching a lot of hair all night long?
thank you darling!! :-)
costume for solo sorted! i even bought pasties just in case of nipple slip. i'm so excited :d now just to remember my routine 100%...
i'm glad you guys are on great terms again :]- werd =)
asik. . asik. .oleh2 donk :) *cring. . cring. . alhamdulillahh nyampe juga makasar,,,,
thank you katanya :) on behalf of i would like to wish (cont)
these guys rock. ima hit them up if they ever come to town. make sure you tell me! :)
