we love u either way ate tin tin :)
i'm writing, writing, writing. can't wait to finish this book :-)
thanks for the #ff mention, west! hope you are doing well! :)
lol pretty funny isn't it? thx for the :)
oh absolutely! another series (like fringe) that hubs and i love to watch together. i'm the only lostie, but hubs is supportive :)
me too yaar ! :) rt@anmollsean wow i wish was following me! <3 it would be a dream come true! jay ur so freakinn sexyy! follow me!
photo: fuckyeahabramsverse:hollywoodgrrl:ohvienna: personal computing? :d
well, never say never. but i doubt it this year. i'll give you lots of warning though. i feel a tweetup would be in order :)
heyyyy is my #prince fully awake?? love u :-)
:) -- was born on march 20, 2009. when is your twitter birthday?
im going on a if you spree :)
i am too. i think that's his motivation for hotter ones the week after :-)
okay night guys. its my birthday tomorrow :)
thanks luv =)
thank you to everyone that put me on their #ff you're truly appreciated :) i love ya. you sexxy beasts!!!!!!!
i likesssss :) here boo
yessss they areee! :)
yea :d so whatsup?
get it hunny! i'd love to hear your material! i'm always in search of new talent : )
how is it? i'll be spinning there tomorrow :)
it was awesome.. like meditation on the move amidst the sunshine.. feelin mighty fine now :) have good run!
hah, yes it does :) -taylor
this is hilarious, l! :d brandon & lisa clearly should do dwts! ;) :d jolivia dancing
goodnight! if i get followers i'll follow you back in the morning :)
woot! #angelbeats! from mazui released! :)
... did you watch our easter service on daystar tonight? if so, let us know what you thought! :)
love this! my sweet boy gave me this note... :) #tiltshiftgen
back from swimming with my mom. now waiting for the fireworks tonight! :)
lol dogs and cats already awake! they are the ones waking me up!!!! :-) we're going for a long early morning strole...
calling it a day. big mother / daughter adventure tomorrow. i'm excited. :)
thanks for the #ff :)
somebody—who seems kinda interesting—follows me, so i follow them back; & then for no apparent reason they unfollow me. hmm… what to do…? :d
mauuu bekfes di kowee :d lovin' the smell of choc banana bread baking in my kitchen. another hour to go. mmmm delish!
dude. vons? really? that's where you're hanging out tonight? :)
=)
i'm going to watch halloween 2 with this afternoon! yay :d
baseball's your thing recently, huh? hope you're enjoying the game :)
would u plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute. plz? thx... :)
sooo.. the new #vampirediaries episode is waiting for me. :)
pretty sure i was just hit on.... by a couple of gay guys :)
lol u just had me thinking jb really followed u n u actually were excited bout it for a moment :d
giant eagle market district :)
.... congratulations on the 250th birthday of hans christian anderson :)
if we tweet enough, maybe they'll send us a case. :) rum and coke it is. was calling to me. : )
cutieeesss! <thankkks :)
good things good things indeed :-)
3 words. wff, your move. :)
ok koo ( : so y yu not out tonite laydee?? yea i kno i could get u sum drinks babes :) lol
at the movies waiting to see {why did we get married 2}..... :) awww u on a date ?? hmmm lol no
i better learn how to swim since we'll be living underwater in the year 3000 (via this is so #jonasbrothers! :d
yea, you'll get your friend back!! don't give up on trying :)
well that's not right... let me try that again with a different host! :)
i don't really have anything interesting to tweet. :) anyway.. have any questions? ask em' here!
thankiess :d
lol yeah no doubt :d yo ass gone be addicted now probably watch lol
i dig it :) oooh i didn't know you were official :p
followed her already! :)
hollywood tomorrow :) <- lucky! :) xo
iight ya'll another graveyard shift!!! lets get money!!!!!! << while errybody sleeep u on ur grindd :)
yea :-) are you one?
would u plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute. plz? thx... :)
cussing good is right. :)
just got julie's and gary's book for the same price as one book at borders from big w! and hamsley is getting me another aww for easter :)
woo that is a bad ass name haha im toomy please 2 meet ya :p hahahaha are u all ways online :d u are funny :d
go follow > < and ill list you :)
whoo! live it up man :)
wwyd if asked you to have a biebergasm with him?? :p make them real funny and biebergasmicccc :) i'll some.
i'm back spazzy!! i actually wanted to talk to u :) about our story ;)
happy birthday 2.5 hrs early :-) // yah, me too! well except only 1.25 early now. :d
q:your fucking gorgeousssss (: a:thank yooou :)
thank you :) happy birthday semoga panjang umur dan sehat selalu
have a nice saturday guys :)
thanks very much its actually :)
thank you :) :)
may you have a wonderful weekend too! :)
i've heard it's a very detailed read. lots of history & reference as 2 why homosexuality is not a sin :) can't wait to read it
oh ahah :) my baddd. lol im addicted to that app.
:)
your welcome :)
thanks for the #ff :)
well, i'm happy with my amateur status for now =)
ditunggu kiriman sepaket oleh2 babel di pangkal pinang :) bangka belitung? welcome to negeri laskar (cont)
i love strawberry season this cool night and going to go see my friends kathie olivas and for their opening :)
(mase voice) ayo u rememba tha chick dat i told u was 19?! she wasnt 19 son shawty was 24 :-)
p.s keep tweeting #jonasbrothers #honorsociety #jonastour2010 a lot. :d
had a good day with i love spending time with him :)
☹ ho oh e(.⌣_⌣.)e curhat bro? :) dipasung ☹ mana loe??hahaha...
good morning folks! :) have a great day ahead! :p
i will do that! ; ) grab ya one of those cabana boys to snuggle with...make for a much sweeter night. =)
got my surprise for her :) goodnight worl
if things go well. :)
i know i don't need to get up early to get in line to pick up the ipad....... but i think i will anyway. i like the energy :)
pstt, stoplight =)
i am a little creepy. lol :) if u understand danish u would rofl over me and tweets.
your biggest fear is having to pick between a uk and us accent!
i know i luv both so much ...lol
:)
i love the celebrity styler! :)
oh, i can predict my place.....it's just great to be nominated. seriously. :)
oh sweet!! be cheaper than what i pay i'm sure lol. i'll take u up on that 1 day! :-)
im really good thanks for asking. :) decided to visit my mom here in dallas (im from houston.) where are you from?
ok i'm going there is only 20 minutes till its 5:00am so i'm going to sleep :)
i think everyone just hates me. which is good. all the best people are mad and have haters. so i win :) so do you!
i have been told by four people that my accent is 'cute' time for bed :)
in case of trouble he can show his henna-haijin side :)
she was like okay, we'll talk about it :) awesome huh?!:
follow >>> <<< because he made my night & dont even know it!!! :-) thanks!!! lol
that would be awesome! we'd loooove to pair up with you. salty & sweet, yin/yang, perfect balance :-)
aww you remembered :d
going to eat some chipotle and get in my pjs :) shoutouts please? i'll return them!
cool guys. no fighting tonight lol. <haha nahhh none of tht 2nite :)
bahahahaha. your hella funneh :d ahaa one of the good qualities about ya (:
it should. it's a phenomenal post. :)
mo'nique got a brand new sexy body.. but the same damned arms! shit :)
nonactual kids = kids that have patience, kids that don't make a mess and/or kids that clean up after themselves... #dontexist :)
peut-être! :)
yay!!! :) ps: i posted chapter 4 of we can go anywhere! finally! haha
let me put it to you this way: i've been spending a lot more time in the gym since the series started. :d
lol true dat haha. but still. its like u know more about me then i know myself lmao :)
#capricorn least compatible with: gemini,leo <<< boo...but ur two faves r leo's...me and :)
i want my free ipad #websdotcom good luck, everyone :)
good morning to you too. let me check my email :)
movies with & eliza :)
oh well just imagine an old ass diva who is annoying the heck outta his homiez, eats a snickers and turns into his old self =)
5 more people please follow :)
lol ok, i would but it's way too late right now :)
the thank yous go all to you. hugs for opening yourself and sharing your words with us. it makes fridays good. :)
full post here :d
oh das' good, sounds like somebody's finna have fun, tonight =)
:) i wanna let u kno u fine as hell lord have mercy
anytime. don't want anyone to not be able to listen :)
not sure yet...but been thinking about that :) thanks! :) will be a fun acct. thinking about going private soon ;)
its never bad to rub yourself! :) love, little mingo
yesz they are !! << cept you . ifcks with you heavy :d
please vote pyramid & replay :) thank you!
awwwso cuuuteee! brotherly love :) :) :)
then, you have likely been drinking a lot of rc (or any drink, for that matter) as well! :-)
okay gtg now.. :) just tweet me if u want to be followed back :)
would u plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute. plz? thx... :)
i'm about to get drunk-bootz tonight #allsmiles :)
i know #ff almost ova but follow dis dude his tweets make crazy sense n he keeps it 100. thanks :)
whoaaaaa me envy you :'(rt tried the mango fro yo at pinkberry, and it was delicious! :d
hootie hoo!!! << howdy ! *tilts hat* :)
crashing hard... hopefully i make a miraculous recovery tomorrow morning :-)
goooood freaking night. who needs boys when you have my family & friends? :)
haha. yeah, he's a funny guy! :)
if you smile everytime you hear justin sing. :)
i was joking as we were pulling up about getting her some coffee cause i didn't know of this pup cup. :)
heh my bad, i knew that. :)
i followed you on your other account. :) haha, just thought i'd let you knoww.
that's awesome!!! thank you :)
just moved to ro today! i honestly can't stand pronto- so i'm usually there for special occasions- try soho in ferndale! :)
i'm good, you ? :d
i am :) (raises hand)
: ouch ! hahaha.i'm sorry,tania. i have so many blogs, suka lupa ngasih update ke semuanya. but my blogspot acc is permanent :d
kami makan udang, gurame , dan ayam..har har..rt me want hakao and siomaaaay :d (cont)
and i holding signs that say "i can haz ipad?" on paper bags. :)
im going on a if you spree :)
i'm right here :)
no end date yet! tell all your friends! how long will free twitter ticket friday's last!? :)
so yeah, i'm in illinois. :)
11 :) wbu?
if you want #jonasbrothers to stay on the trending topics forever. :)
lol i am always lega o=) happy happy birthday, ralphy! r u legal yet?? :)
i just want to say thank you for always making me smile. thank you for always being right by my side. thanks for everything. love yall :)
yess :) 5 for 5 is on! <3
can you guys please sign this it'd mean a lot <3 :)
oh ... it was exceptional :)
:d i'm honored that i got to see you! the only bad part is that it was too amazing so now i'm all sad haha :(
#jonasbrothers showed us it's okay to be underdogs. :d
the last song soooo good loved it : )
:) can't wait to see em!
enggak mas hehehehe uda resign per 1april :) any job for me? misal jaga distro? hiihihihi
just call it part of their "chores". :)
that is rediculous :) yay for gold-digging time together. p.s. pls keep me updated with morocco trip potential!
i kno you do babe, an i love you even more for trying... just miss talking to ya :) i think we have talked more now then ever
gm frendz :)
you have a wonderful easter as well my friend :-) hugs 4 you & yours
thanks, i love my bio too <3 wanna do 10 for 10? :)
i suppose that is a valid reason. =)
awww look at you in your pretty picture! :d
lol, that's cheap date idea #146! first fridays. abbot kinney. :) (via 6-10pm
bj's and united states of tara with and taliakester :)
in the #jonasbrothers world...rice moves and jessica alba is wife. (grrr...). :d
i think ur da best twitterer-er of all time!! 24-7ent!<--awww snap! he's a keeper! :)
lol it's a miracle! :d
getting back into mma in may :)
too easy a pick, jj is. you need somebody you actually get excited when he wins, not someone the rest of us root *against*! :d
ha you know i got ya! :) thx so much famo!!! :d
lmfao hahaha, nah i treat the camera like a hoe & make tht shit love me :)
#mydumbass has to write you on twitter at least once a day. :)
some kitties hide things too. we are distant cousins. :-)
thank you dear :) a very happy birthday great succes, happines, wealth & health all this year ☺
i wanna get to 800? anyone wanna give me shouties? :d
sweetie follow thats my dragging page! holla if you need me!!! :)
watched the squeakwel (sp?) last night. cute movie, but not as cute as the original. of course. :)
yes! love drake too :) can't wait for the new album --dream's music yes, but him not so much lol
:)
im gooood tooo :d whats your namee?
im going on a if you spree :)
thanks for the reminder! :) "don't compromise yourself. you are all you've got." janis joplin
why is that???? :)
