where art thou my soooper cubb :d
:)
so tmrw should be an interestnnq dayy :-) <-nah tha day we chill will be interesting^_^
#shoutout2dagirlz who loves :d
do you love the school gyrls movies? follow ---->> , she follows backkk! :) shes new to twitter :) ..
amazing, i worked with levis. the 511's are pretty neat! :-)
refollow me please :d because someone stole my twitter :( i lost u in my followers : (
my day was ok just on my easter break, what about you :)
follow now :d
but does it run doom? :)
five minutes = an hour and a half. okay with that :)
that was so good! now to go home and chill :)
:) me and think we just saw one of the at but we were to shy to hi! haha!
everyone please follow she is just 48 followers away from 600... i would really appreciate it if you would follow her.. :)
-__- hope he not tlkn 2 me tho :)
some people don't know what they're missing. oh well. :)
would you guys mind to follow me? :)
sounds delightful :) can't wait 'til it is pool party weather here-it's getting close!:)
i love that the playoffs are about to start soon for the nba thats when it gets intense =)
:) tweet limits are stupid cause then i cant talk to our cool followers like u! lol. -tay
hey justin! thanks for the #ff mention today! hope you had a great one! :)
mas este manis satu ! selamat pageeeeeeee esteeeeeduabelaaassss slmt pagiii indonesia :)
please follow :) thank youuuu
thats good! and yes! i was the 41th person he followed. :d
your welcome :d
rt: first look at the #trackyourtreks facebook application that we are building :) #feedback
thanks so much for the #ff love! :)
livis .. i dont care with livis.. lol but is funny and worth one smile :)
aw, wish someone would rescue me from it all too!! your going to have tons of fun :)
lol :) well i like all of them. but one of my favorites is never let you go and wbu?
the wizard of o.c. ...glev ivy the good witch :) #chocfollies
only this kid would think the last song was "amazing." i love him, ahaha. & he has good taste in movies. :d
lol i gotcha :) anywhere else hurt? that's it
2pm :) and u
thanks :d
thank you soo much!! i'll have a new website soon with tons of new work :d
nothing official or solid yet... but that's what's been up basically. shouldn't say anything more in public. ... ... yep :)
my radio station at if u want more music to dance to :) #funpawty
im going to do a game of gts on so if you want to play, follow me there :)
your so effin immature bieber fans. gonna spam #jonasbrothers ha. i'll spam your fuckin ass! :d
is a nut ball part of my charm! :) rofl
everyone said hand massage! i would've too :)
rotfl... oh dear. ooooooooh dear. that can be taken... soo.very.wrong. lol #sng << hee hee. sorry :)
it's not that it was bad...just wasn't used to hearing it, that's all. :) love u !!!
come follow me back :)
#agreed! #luckydog? :) street food is coming to mpls! i can't wait to eat food on the street in approved areas! w00t! :-)
watss up yall =) tweet me!
really :d awesome. i like meeting people from qc. where do you live?
exactly :)
=) i run them every month to support my fellow 2010 debuters. (and hopefully give away a few personal demons arcs.)
: ) *sigh*
okay soo according to tha im a freaky, revengeful, loyal friend, and sometimes complicated.. ; i guess thats me =)
:) :) lol
awwe :) yoour sweet :)
thank you! it's a good cause. they help lots of vets! :)
reply to meh if u are my bestfriend :)
lol :)
first the wind, now some random guys... #blowyourskirtuptypeofday :-)
good day to you too :)
the easiest way to fail and not win is suround ya self with #losers <- or be a loser urself :)
i kno yo ass aint talkin. raiders did beat the eagles last yr right? #irestmycase :)
thanks, that means a lot! the idea, ui, and icon were by me :)
interesting idea, but there could be digits in the junk/morejunk areas. need to be aware of delimiters. i can do it in "c" :-)
:) i sure did
i'm waiting lols..http://www.formspring.me/camiizee --> & keep on waiting, lol jk :)
seems mon night eurosport is the go lovely thanks for help <really that's a good tip :) >
fantastic mr. fox. enjoyed it. :)
on my way 2 the movies wit the girls :)
ill find out on monday i think but i think it went realy well :)
they meow twice? i dunno i'm a dog kinda person. meowwww, here, here pussy puss :d
reply to meh i u are my bestfriend :)
yup lolz :)
ohh also #shoutout2thedudes they r fine too :)
got a new desk, feels comfy :)
love that song! :-)
so pretty much is the most amazing person ever. she actually cares :) thank you so much!
i know we got t swift fans out there! well us jonas fans have to help taylor fans get #wearefearless trending :) who's in?
late thursday night. and are picking me up from the airport. :)
so hot !! :) lovely :)
heyyy im just getting ready to go out. hows everything with you :) i havent talked to any of you guys in forever
where's my wrankers (roaster) . i got a victim hit me upp if you care to have a lil fun lol<-- yes please ! :)
haha thanks!! i love your icon!! lol :d
ps: they also own the name "hip hop high"... :)
he never gives you more than you can handle :)
haha. understand your predicament. ok. will do my best to catch you. :)
when i was asked on thanksgiving what i was thankful for i replied with "@justinbieber" :)
convertible or no? i want your input! :)
appreciate it dude :)
thx, ur the man! wish i had ur talent. :)
i'm doing great :d hehe what's up? <3
well we tend to only frequent the same places.. there just happens to be a lot of them. :)
have fun wine tasting in niagara!! g'night :)
niceeee :) have fun hun :) <fa sho!
that was super random um ily2 i guess :d
.@ericsiebert the virtual machine is the new server. the server is the new network. hence, nexus 1000v. marinate on that over the weekend :)
listed! follow me pls? :)
you are doing wonderful tonight :)
next person to follow will get a shoutout! gooo! :)
yeeaaah! semangaaat! :d fear satan mogwai #nowplaying -semangat njist!
i love you guys :) you're truly the best band in the world <3
alright got you there :) thank u <3
yes, but i never need a reason to drink cold vodka. i'm simply following in the footsteps of my literary idols, is all. :)
im sorry rih stans but if yall make delete her account im comin after all yall :-)
nah, i'm not working. :) unlike last night.
check out the new usher =) my son braa =) hehe if u mean this
ur part of the ofm.. just look at this! u don't even have to sign it.. just read it plz!! :)
ok so the day of send me the number for him to call or let me know how u want to do it :)
haha yea everyone wants blue and purple cuz thats justins fav color :)
haha night to you talk to you tomorrow :)
now go to google and trye in blue waffles and click im feeeling lucky. :)
4.99 for the app is ok. but can't wait for the new song :)
a well intentioned bird is good for everyone once in a while :) love you
be right back! :d
good night. :)
im secretly married to .. shhhhhhhhhhhhh :)
?? i can say whatever i want :d
derek cann youu doo mee a favor ? -- ye' what? :)
lmao fuck around & choke on a link ball .. that wouldn't be qood ! but i quess bohos like that ^_^
lol, i wouldn't do it 2 ya!! ahahaha :-)
#wearefearless help get this trending for taylor swift fans :)
make sure to watch me tonight on the soup on e! 10pm!!! check with the rents first though :)
do you celebrate easter? enjoy the holiday & the weekend & keep sane throughout all the madness. :)
watching 3 of 7 hrs of webex... >>i have to do that next week... gonna get a herman miller =)
the hilarious man with a drink :d
thanks abe. :)
ahaha yeaah i know, i love her :)
follow now :d
hes wearing a wolverine costume :)
religion & science have a common ancestor & that ancestor is ignorance | ac grayling on #allinthemind thanx natasha :)
thanx 4 the shout out luv =)
lafeash in royal oak. excellent food and prices. :)
i am so not tired! very hyped up! so talk to me! :d and also: if you truly love justin bieber, follow and prove it! -taylor
just a little :)
well , phyziks.tumblr.com check me out :)
thanks alejandro!! we had such sn awesome time with your family! say hi to darah & the girls for us! :-)
thank you, you enjoy it too :)
coloring easter eggs with maddie :)
i have the most amazing followers!!!!!! :d i love you so much guys!! :d
yesss! :)
lol your not asking anything horrible :)
im getting fucked up!! my tequila is on!! wooo!! =) love you sexy!!
hi! i'm joe! very nice to tweet you! :)
fosil spring passion with 87,7 hard rock fm drive n jive special weekend today at fosil store pvj!! :) get fosil's limited merchandise!!
hahaha thanks lol :)
i'm only playing this game because you're on there. :) "strangetikigod"
hey babe i'm fena text u check u phone :) miss u lilo!!!!
lmfao yess! :d
lol! sorry mama they're all on a roll tonight :) i can't make this stuff up!!
since... uh... what? :d
now following bc i phucks with =)
been away too long! who missed me! =)
as long as i touched your hear that makes me happy :) nothing else than making a gorgeous woman smile.
you are loved :) yeah, right after my tweet
only half? :)
so you're not saying he's typecast, but you may be saying he isn't totally human? :)
no need.....we have enough resources to make it happen :d
i thought only canadians would find that interesting? :)
this y i fux wit goose < me 2.. def y i fux wit goose..happy 2 c i aint tha only 1 fckn wit the "bestie" !!! :)
heck i bet i could do it while you drink that long island :) ever have a pickleback?
gata love ian :) just watching #vampirediaries 10th episode . love
you're kidding me! poor baby. he had the worst day. 1st the kid at school and then the fall. bet he's still bouncing around :)
#ff #shoutout to the miss beautiful lady mia =)
spread the word to become a fan of " i am a belieber and proud<3" on facebook!! :) thanks!!
nah not really, my dad used to do mainframe operations, but that's a different area to me. all that junk in that pic was mine :-)
will someone please :) make me a new bg?!?!
at red robins with wennie, stephan & :)
i heard about it! nori was there too! :-)
wrote a song today that i really love! :-)
i got my ticket to sfo! =) <<awesome!! i'm jelly... i hope u enjoy it when u go.
if you smile everytime you hear justin sing. :)
all the best for the game today to u and rr! both my fav teams face off this afternoon! :) may the best team win! :)
hey tony! thanks for the #ff mention today! hope you had a great one! :)
going to bed night mj fam night my crazy walmart addict friend lol :)
follow back? and what do you mean action with girls we dont know about? hahaha> :)
haha no! i heard blue waffles was sick. haha i will ask someone to do it 4 me :)
you're so welcome :)
sure, just dm me his name and i will keep him in prayer. :-)
fill in the blank best one ill :) i want to _____ justin ;)
d3 can make this happen!! :) "pull out your constant, homie!" i'd love to take a walk through mind... :)
#ff :) < hiiiii! *waves* thanks 4 the shout out !
on the way!☺ can't wait to try the famous #gourmetpao :)
i do enjoy following you, laura! :) your tweets are fun! :)
ahaa thank you :) did zack win?
great :) where did you get that all facts about justin! <3
okay i followeedddd :)
lol it's yummy :)
yeah 4 real. its been an up & down season but hopefully we'll( #lakers ) be holding a trophy again the end of june! :)
add me here :)
happy =)
how am i not in this? :) me with the most delicious cupcakes of all!
on my way home! tinychat ready :)
i'll have to tell him you said that! :d haha
ur very welcome! i am baking and preparing few meals for easter :) my mom is helping me so i have few minutes to tweet :)
u didn't say that. but we can go during the weeeek =) no he's cut offff
heyy! :) family!
i'm sure it made it all the sweeter :-)
aww, that is so sweet : ) thanks c! sending you a home made hot x bun x
good night..if we don't talk have a great easter wknd with your fam esp ur lil queen :)
peace, fam. i'm great, just calling things that haven't occurred as though they have. made in god's image, i have that ability :)
thanks for the #ff dumpling! :)
