love you tooo! :)
hey, there! we're trying to focus more on our website (americanchic.net). we've been having way too much fun w/ the blog. :)
we are :)
twitter off, tweet you when i'm landing :)
you too. have a great easter everyone! wishing you the best thing about easter. =)
ill be safe! thank u :) :)
oh! thought you were coming down! :)
3 more people follow ? :)
so you'll get a press pass instead :) i can't donate until july so i can't do this either.
thank god fa movies. otha than christmas, its the only time my whole family gets 2getha n e more.. :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
home for a coupla hours before the rat race :)
thx for #ff & rts :)
i bet! #sakuracon always has some amazing cosplay! :-)
thanks for the #ff! :)
you rule : )
:)
u too!!! :)
help me get to 600? please :)
3 down! its like a golden shower for my throat :) #mgdbottlesrock
a trillion blessings to all who were kind to mention me in their #ffs. i truly appreciate it. giant hugs & kissies :)
sprint cleaning huh :)
at our good friday service. :) (@ post falls church of the nazarene)
your welcome :)
i see you :) #flames
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
ride your bike or take the bus you better be there!!! haha :)
let's wish a very :) easter, they did all this during their bz time! #perfectharmony plz rt! <-u owe me:)
you are so welcome for the #ff; also wishing you a blessed easter :)
lol i'm such a failure. ok, dming you now. :)
#shoutout2dagirlz in my #lakersfam! i love y'all! :)
my twitter friends, tq for your : )
happy birthday ibunya fitri :) happy birthday my mom
follow back? i listed you too :)
takin baby to toys r us :)
hey there maggie :) how are you doing? #funpawty
whew! lol! it hit me when the website had the show start time at 6:20. i was like, huh? :-)
thank you all my twitterverse friends, for making me feel a lot less shitty! :)
you just followed primal blueprint this morn. and didn't know it. tell to do intervals w/ u! :)
beastly profile pic u got going> thanks my dude <--- #nohomo :)
hahaha. i would still love you jessi :)
"hi, beth!" lol :) actually, i was surprised how easy it was to quit -- after the first couple days...
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
i see you got my #bling in there too! now i dont have to twitpic it anymore :)
aw thank you honey. miss you!<--miss you too and ur welcome :)
lucky!! 3 more days! well if you live where i live than 3 more days till you and your twin are 16! happyadvancedbirthday!! :)
aww good ups. =) how are you cutie
#zodiacfacts expect sex with a #cancer to be a fully encompassing sexual experience (mmmm :-)
those who have yet to win against me at words w/friends & stellar mua's :) #ff (via
its gotta be better than the harry hamlin version. although, i do remember nudity, which was a big plus as a kid. :)
only if you, me, and brett can have an appartment together? :)
you jinxed me, we messaged each other at the same time. you must have esp :-)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
shoutout 4 shoutout? :d
that is one if the coolest parts if the hmb ritz experience. sit by the fire outside with champagne and enjoy! :)
clearly an oversite on my part! lts love for one of my faves-i heart rbb! :) now...what to wear???
haha good good!!! i am up to no good as well :)
i'd be so screwed, girl! well, everyone misplaces their keys :) so don't feel so bad, it happens. sucks, but happens.
proceeds to bbm... :)
bike ride, yard work, lunch on a patio downtown, yummy dinner :) can't complain!
lol....i understand :) go blue
thanx! :) #ff ! , so follow:
come in me and amanda r on cam,both of us own this twitter account :)
thank you! i hope to have time to make it to practical art later too. art seems to be alive and well in #phx :)
i don't know a great deal about the industry, but do know that we have some great trainers. very popular back home :-)
please tell me im still in first :)
let's do some random fun facts :)
test drive the mazdaspeed first. it's under 30k, made in japan, and stupid fast. okay, my endorsement is done :)
gettin dresseed :) goin to eat then headed to 's house! we going in tonight team player like old times :) it's my bday :)
his whole life changed and how he has a home and a job and is soo sweet and successful, god can change things :)
aaaaaawwww =) ... i <3 yu sis hola!!!! ( voice) lol
aw no prob! :) have a wonderful night!
why is everybody visiting the dmv? >> cus the #dmv f.ckin rules! :) << true true
ehehehe... blm tentu pergi, neng. msh wishful thinking :)
well hello there p.y.t :-)
justin bieber & #jonasbrothers are trending! love it :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
lmao...i was gonna come..but i didnt kno where it waz i knew i waz gonna get lost...but there is always next time right? =)
with time your right, you'll get it :)
fact#19 yeahh uhmmm, i love gingers (: or you could say, red-headed people :)
i love peace signs too :)
haha aight i will :)
my nite is going to be so perfect :)
mom took madd long wit dinner. belly full now :-)
thank you, everyone! we're really excited to finally be finished house shopping =)
thx ♥! jeez i got the prettiest ppl on my timeline! lucky me :)
everyone should come tonight for my boyfriends party tonight :)
making a playlist with the help of a friend and sharing song suggestions is not something i realized could be so fun. :)
new episode is now up! please?! :)
yep -- but please archive....i might not be home to hear your live thoughts. :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
a lovely evening in the crib tonight... come visit ... : )
aw thanks....no worries...just not seein us today....its all good! :)
xd how are you? :d
will so be waiting to hear all about it!!! :-) happy playing with #ipad
mentiroso,its all good tho hehehe pero nah jus startd doin it now tryna get itdone b4midnight :) showin my tweeps lovelol
i know :)
i have watched the first pilot episode. watching the second. :)
the words will be back2 'em...everything is return...good or bad.we r 120%behind u :) #welovekeri
#ff because she always has something to say! :) sometimes makes me laugh, sometimes makes me shake my head! lots of <3 and heart
follow me :)
thank you :)
oops didn't mean to tweet that twice :)
sorry thought i was, you are now being followed :)
tomorrow i'm going to shoot a hot movie, then party bravo, then orgy with 7 young latino men. i'm very productive :)
3 shots of devils spring :) [ yuu are done ]
awww...not with them sweet kisses =)
it's no prob, bb. i'm ok w/ waiting :)
hmm, this kelis refix is going well :)
cut off so much hair and dyed it darker ahhhh :)
sent a response... :d
ta-da!!! u so sweet <3 haha nah that is a lie ur so #supernice <3 back to you dude #ff :)
:) :) wasted on those that do not know the significance on looking like the hottest man on earth
yay! good times! :)
also, #shoutout2dagirlz in my #dodgersfam! i love y'all too! :)
glad to hear it! :)
listening to chris brown..... :-)
much love :)
have a great day everyone! also, congrats on your movie it will be a successful movie! =)
i grant you honorary gay status. :-) if i was gay, i'd totally get this! i love it!
=) gonna give them back
pizza and wings is on way :)
awesome :) let me know when you wanna take class :)
youre meeting justin tomorrow ? :d
#ff the sweetest! preciate it :)
#ff because he simply one of the funniest and best guys i ever met. :)
umm nathans :) i like my french fries with cheddar cheese, bacon & ranch dressing ! shyt bangs foreal !
totally! :) i know! that's because she's " simply flawless! "
? ok then follow me back again? i followed you again :)
thank you :)
...a friendof mine designs them...and they are suppose to be on extreme home make overs :)
happy birthday mrs beth! hahaha :) or beths mum :)
sitting with my friends and daughter watching dateline :)
noo usa :)
i'm still missing all the 4.500 subscribers :( i want the old #kesharecords back :( subscribe! :d
long weekend very restful! so restful i stayed off twitter 99% of good friday. :) easter's coming, yay!
pam has enjoyed a very lovely day today :) was ma weather good too?
adaaaaaa aja :)
we need you here in ny :)
so the choice is joining a convent or a circus? can we wager on that too? :)
ladiess #ff c'mon lol his pic is jus fulll of sexiness :)
i'm going to texas this summer ajldjf)wajfdfsdfsdkflak. :d :d :d
i made a new icon. you like? :)
thank you :) i hope you are patient, not in the works yet!
nothin ^_^
*dead* dem go bounce u for airport sef :d
thankyou(: shall use it on my backup later :d
make sure he get my newwww number =)
thank you!! :)
ahhhh! leaving to go to my booos hannahs house! gonna go out tonight, and geeeeeet drunk as fuck. :) byeeeeee<3 i might get on b4 we do.
plz tell me u said girl my mom just asked if justin bieber was a girl or guy.. :)
anytime love! and never forget that! you're always awesome! :-)
please click on this and rt! thanks :)
haha! you want to come to church with me sunday, pete? :)
heheh! always! :) #ff #crashthewritingparty
i like all of 'em. they're pretty =) mars is short for summink but i can't remember what it is... < (o_o)
:d u having a big easter feast on sunday i hope u get heaps of chocolates
:)
going to bed. night guys! i'll see you tomorrow afternoon :) don't forget my party is sunday! ;)
hahahahaha :d at least u got good best part by shaked her hands and say,c'ya!!!hahaha :d ine worst...he dnt wanna pay for the bill
awww my mommy brought me a caramel frappuccino, aint she sweet? :d
the words will be back2 'em...everything is return...good or bad.we r 120%behind u :) #welovekeri
#jonasbrothers are trending' never noticed :)
you can never go wrong with a little journey :)
#happybirthdayparis your father is smiling in heaven. he is so proud of u. so are we.. the #mjfam :)
thanks for following back :)
10 for 10 anyoneee ? :)
link is for a preview...but it's the entire presentation. i just play it and go to other tabs...so i use "watch" loosely :-)
awww, whats up? :)
hot tub time machine was funny irecommend it :) next moviee tyler perrys with
should we be worried. i can be there in like 30 seconds :-)
thank you :)
noah sue!! you're in a good mood today! :)
hahah thanks!!!!!! :) you might even hear me scream if i win it :p
#nowfollowing. have you ever been told you look like leona lewis? :) -- lol nooo i've never got that one
unfollowers, i hope all of you go blind & deaf, so y'all can never ever see or hear justin bieber ever again :)
all good here... :)
#nowplaying ggpr tippin' on my dick =)
yes tall men r better ... i'm already short (5'5") so i like the idea of being safe n a tall man. :-)
one phone call can change a weekend :) looking forward to it!!
like a bp kinda sound hard to say on here. hard b sound i guess. mix bye w/pie...you're there! here's another. chuck wow=fly kite :)
i got treats for u and pierre as well :) see u sun..yay
i would love to live in texas :)
i love anime :)
im not done yet with my #ff :)
i got a good idea for a bg :) i'll be up all night loves haha so tweet :p
home! :) *chuu* and i brought dessert. :d
release date is april 27 for kiss of death! :)
ctr+alt+delete and end the process. iexplorer or firefox. :d
rearranging travel/my schedule again for some work. i am blessed to be working so often. :)
ahh ok. i will check them out as well. thanks man. :)
1st get off my nigga 2nd dont ever call him a "rude boy" 3rd hes my "soldier" :)
thank you for the #ff shout out! much appreciated and back at you! :-)
vfirst person to follow gets 10 listings + 5 shouties :d
thank you so much for reading! i'm happy you're enjoying them. :)
happppyyyy happppppyyyyyyyyyyyy birthdaayyy!!!!!!!! :) hope you have had a great one!!!!!! :d
i'm back!!! on air!! 92.9zzu!! :) be here till midnight! call 509-441-0929 or txt 509-981-6338! spokane!!! :)
yep! :) thought you were gone!!
hey, my beautiful big sis! how are you? :)
lol! *sound of crickets chirping* : ) maybe i should have ask are ya'll staying outta trouble :)
