ha, ha! no way. it's endearing. no one can be faulted for caring about their job. keep on keepin' on. :)
should of known. ;) you can't keep neglecting r&r. :)
goodnight : ) i will let you know more tomorrow.
we did a story on it for the feedback...locals here have a long history of not being able to pickup on metaphors. :)
thank u, e!!! my head above water... ;-) glad you dug out. missed ya. :)
passing ships in the wind, then again i've been swamped :)
np anytime for a fellow belieber!! :)
yeah...going to miss the bike in singapore until i get a license there. another reason to go early. :)
i'm having so much fun with these blue feathers :d
can you follow me back please? thanks :)
no. what game? :)
unbelievable as it sounds, i actually have had a couple of girlfriends in the past. :)
first person to follow gets a shoutout! :)
hey guys. come watch me :)
pizza? such a good jew. :)
totally. love you guys!! :) rollin with the homies!
this if you want me to follow you! :)
pole folder & hernan delivered killer sets. got to meet guy j, henry saiz and jd davis. great night overall. now it's time to sleep. :)
happy good friday to you both :)
you rock, girl! :)
ask me anything :)
if u lived in chicago believe me y'all be here with me n i'll cook for u :) i love cooking on movie nights
can you please follow me back :) i only need one follower till 3000 (l)
13 followers :) plz help and i'll help u get to follow you :)
no hints jay, we're seeing it 2mrw :)
: ) what you doing ?
it's ok, tony. i'll have it by tuesday. :)
love is indeed a friendship set on fire... but lust is a house set on fire :) #tdl
q:are you okay? you look sick all the time. are you naturally that ... a:lol keep'em coming :)
that's ok. i only like her because i'm a huge friends fan. she's not a spectacular actress or anything. :)
and thanx for the compliment! :)
inventor of new ice cream flavors, just cause! :)
.@jbnet211 thanks for the #followfriday :)
yes but it's ok i caught it! :) did they mention the restaurant in the ep? it had josh & matt skinner right? off to search...
you guys should watch halloweeen 2 if you wanna scream out loud till the whole world hears ya! :d
heyyy =)
yes! it seems like im always hungry lol but ive been trying to eat healthy so its good :)
thanks but u need to press the follow button hahaha :)
we r having here egg rolls for breakfast,a speciality of kolkata :)
and to you my lovely :) xxx beautiful picture, kisses my friend!
:) my pleasure! how could i keep such a score to myself?
keep signing! totally deserves it! :)
chillin'! :)
hey layla :) i don't think you should fear anything! you're flawless you are better than the rest of us :)
i love when i have cousin-bonding time and i love shabbat because it's time set aside to be with family :-)
if your proud of justin and how far he has come :)
oh god is going to make us sinners! lol! he should follow and he will be forgiven :)
oh geez now you're all fancy. pffff. :) there is a winery downtown-ish that makes yummy wine, easley winery. mmm.
just beat this puzzle game my grandpa has && i solved it all && he gave me $10.00 :)
oh okay :)
yep---i was going to ask-i didn't think mel was on the chelanie bandwagon--i'm daniel by the way :)
good! hey guess what!! lokiz and i are collabing on a story together! :)
follow me & i'll follow back :)
what are you reading...? // st:voy: unworthy, by kirsten beyer :)
it was just her, me and the people judging her; she got the job!!! super proud :) dang. what all went into the interview?
ok i'll be back in like thirty min. make sure you miss me (yeah right) :)
i'm not sure if brandon is on twitter.. yeah.... rocks!! :-)
first 2 people to order the new product will get 2 sets. :d
amen =) gracia burnham, " just be glad for everyday you've got."
★ #shoutout2dagurlz who can't spell for shit!!>>> probably the same 2nd grade dropouts who made this #tt :)
le sigh!!! i liked it too!!! *smiling*rt *applauding* donnie.....in plain sight was awesome :)
:d :d is the best! and and kanye among rappers.. too.
lol mind yoursssss :)
aw, what cuties! love the devious grin! :)
thanks for the mention and a happy easter to you as well! :-)
yup! thankyou! :)
hey guys :)
have a nice flight!:) pagi.. plan hari ini packing, terus balik ke jakarta.. :d
that's whatsupp hope you find something.. :)
welcome back! :d
brb <3 need to eat my yummy lunchie :)
:@jessdafucknbest im disgusted lmfao!! whats wrong with you -- :)
i like the way you think. :)
five hundred twenty five thousand six hundred minutes :)
yess :) how many do i need to get you?
what kind of dvd's did ya buy? any comedies? have fun xoxoxo :)
thankyou <33.. listed some back :)
:-) missed talkin to u!
okay..i'll stop talking about it :) but i lovvvedd it <3 lmao
juss like you :) haha
fun night tonight :) going to bed , night twitter world :):)
12 more until 2,700 :) shoutouts 4 shoutouts!
please follow me?? please? :)
well, i hope you find it's better than you expected. :-)
you're very welcome! it's nice to meet you as well! :)
thanks so much for the #ff friend :-) have a great weekend the weather is suppose to be beautiful!
wished me a happy bday! :) she's so cute and sweet!
haha thanks! my teeth look extra white! :d «that a big smile showen my pearlies!
titans was fun. my mythos loving wee self enjoyed it immensely. :d
comone go follow she is my cousin :)
lots of new followers today. hello all! i'll try to go through everyone new this weekend :)
jessica's fortune cookie reads: you have inexhaustible wisdom and power. :-)
:)
hellooooo! long day huh! imma here just got home :) where my dollz at?!?!?!
ok, cool. keep me posted. :)
thanks...i do miss podcasting. getting up at 5am? not so much. :)
first ten people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/sean/ryan need to follow/dm!! :)
cool!kaos apa?sukses ya!:) morning too :) my plan today.bikin kaos slmt pagi semuanya!!what's ur plan today ?? :)
im seeing it tomorrow :d i read the book tho :d
help? how much you got? :-)
