more fantastic #ff :)
me too!! are you guys to his world tour? :)
how was yalls day?? =)
following! :)
heyyy wanna do goal for goal ?! :)
yes. yes you are!!! : )
:d thats my jam blues clues!!
glad to hear it my friend. thank you. i love your pictures, thank you for sharing them with us!! hugs : )
and the #canucks are leading 0-0 nearing the end of the 1st :-)
porching it :) with fancy
yes! i love it :)
thank god =)
hey dude, whats up? :)
milestone done and out the door -- we even got some time to play warhawk while we waited for the build to finish :-)
you know i prefer nurture, of course. i mean the name is nurturegirl. :) nurturing a thrivable world. :)
aww thass good :)
will you follow me back first??! :)
congrats to y'all and tabby lane!! look forward to pics from target field :)
haha guess so, ok have a good night! :)
no prob ;) i want cute & for a great cause!! thx for putting me in the know : )
patron!! have one for me! :)
good food, good movie, good friends :) (@ my couch w/
lol, sounds like a plan =) | slap her with your penis brock << hahaha
oo i got it from photobucket.com :d
#ff she's beautiful talented and sweet : ) and so is she!
free wifi!!! 1 wrong turn and i'm in oakland. ha :-) (@ mcdonalds)
well done jonas fans we did it :) #jonasbrothers
<<< follow :)
show was great!!!!! thank you all so much for coming out! so great to meet all you guys :)
<<<< check my blog out :)
:) we exist only in relationship to each other .rt "would deepak chopra exist if no one looked at him?"
im not how are u :d can we get a shoutout please
yep. :) one of the many assets of our friendship. :d gawd tonight reminds me of summer!!!
going to bed :) giving free shoutouts was fun and if u want one then reply me and i will do it tomorrow! listed also! night everyone! <33
your <3 makes me :)
follow me? :d
so you had a day out with your boys and now you're spending time with all your gals :-) you rock!! xoxo
too bad isnt in town yet...he could've avoided me eating meat by going and getting pancakes with me :) lol
finished watching the blind side . :)
hey. :d did you see the last song? i was crying my eyes out.
omg lauren conrad's second book is out! :) get my hands on them!
brazil can't wait to see the #jonasbrothers again : )
someone get me 4 followers & i gotchu backk :)
most deff :d
hahaha i love you. :) people don't understand your humor. ps. breakfast in toronto again?
i love the #jonasbrothers so much :d 14
thank you papa for coming to my rescue, i have life so beautiful and free... i love you :d
he heard me :d lost angeles :d love you long time eco #asot #asot450
thanx 4 the luv :)
#jonasbrothers are amazing :)
britney spears' smile has 162 fans so far! can we hit 200? :d
lol it's sunny and warm in ny this weekend! not as nice as venice beach though, i'm guessing! have fun! :)
haha i love how you already know that your gonna be on the front page of stickam :)
at my baby's gig :-) its abt damn time tho shit
israeli fans show support to tvxq — allkpop sure is biiiigggggggggg! :d
enjoy ur weeekends,tweethearts adioss =)
i can talk to you about it later today if you want :)
awww! thats so cool! :d i'm so happy 4 ya!
its 12.30 now.... not to sure. i'll tweet if i can or cant in about an hour :)
starbucks with this girl :)
the song fool! dont forget to add me on live :)
sucess! laptop relocated to coffee table & still on! :-)
visita iglesia's theme this year is all south: laguna, cavite, tagaytay, tayabas, lucban quezon. :) tired but we're all happy
cant wait to see my nephews and niece on sunday ^_^ ---me too!!
hello people!!!!! =)
culik gue ssini :) jalan aja med ya olohh gilak gue di rumah terus
lol have fun at that gangster ass concert. hope u don't get shot :) lol jk
what a lucky jury. i wonder if there will be any "jericholics" on the jury. then that might not be good 4 u after a few days :-)
sesuai perjanjian, abis un, download ubertwitter. oke bye fuckin web!!!!!! :d
hi, i'm your biggest fan in panama :)
i love your music... you're awesome :d (@michellebranch)http://yfrog.com/bewyrj
awww playing cholo music haha :d ... thee boyy feels left out!!
love in the time of cholera very straight forward. wait till you read autumn of patriach :) his novellas are excellent. i love him.
we can't wait to see you guys on tour again, latin america love you<3 come back to chile :) #jonasbrothers
call me mr flinstone!!! i can make ur bedrock!!! :)
bieber might be trending everyday but when #jonasbrothers trend. they're always on the top :) just saying....
byeee!! ^_^
thank you for always helping me follow my dreams. ur truly an amazinf inspration. :d i love u~
thanks buddy :)
i think i might just mow the lawn tomorrow, save the planting for sunday. i have a lot to do...i'm so thankful for super saturdays :)
gd morning ka sissy ~ happy saturday ja little gal ! :d / hv a nice day nakaaa ^^
heeyya!! gotta go eat my snack xd cant wait to see you again today was awesome! :)
honestly, i don't even remember. i'm sure it went well. lol :)
a fanart to honor the good old pokemon, when misty used to exist :)
yup yup....i know right we really need to! & asap :)
talking to you after all we've been through makes me realize how lucky i am to have you in my life thank you for everything =)
#jonasbrothers porque volveran a chile :d
np man :) (i didnt mention for once... ... oops ^_^'
ow lolsz #shoutout2daqirls that lik ta qet there pussy eaten from otha females but ain bi or qay :)
just ordered some john lennon sun glasses :) and you love
your welcome!!! :) you guys are truly amazing! i vote another tweet spree with us fans! :)
aww wack . hit meeee lol :)
i love you bff. :) missy
that's the plan!!! i'm trying! :)
#shoutout2dagirlz that are the prototype for an independent woman :)
i love you!! haha come to monterrey,mexico again :) we miss you!
can you just save all the anger for something else? it's just a waste of time letting it out on us. we're angels, trust us :-)
i need a new profile pic so bad! maybe someone can take a better photo of me at #spevo. :-)
i want to go to the happy potter theme park. who wants to come?! :)
thanks :) haha & great!
lmaoo :) this little arguement is never gunna end .
if you're a teenager and you still make you're parents get you easter baskets on easter :d
you can check in and give a shout out to yourself go ahead give yourself a discount! :) you deserve it! #4sqday
pillow dream! hahaha i just noticed that there lol but still thanks for the shou outs it worked haha :)
hahaha.. me too.. im from indonesia too.. and sorry for late reply.. :)
awesome.. sounds g00d.. !! and again thank u so much for the info :) ...
yay! thanks! :-)
i want i want i want!! can i have 2, 1 with fearless and 1 with you belong with me??? hehe :)
is patient and kind, doing his very best to help me :-) thank you soooooomuch!
mon :[ tue :/ wednesday :] fri :d sat (^_^) sun (-__-). #typicalteen
woo!! :d
hey tim, great behind the scene demo videos. looking forward to seeing our demo after dark campfire :)
#ff my peeps missing miami!! :)
can't take credit for that one. someone else set it up... =)
thanks. :) tomorrow i'm going to spend some time w/ my goddaughter. can't wait. i'm making eggplant parm. 4 easter sunday.
yeahhhhh :)
btw i have pictures of u at ecco last night =)
no! that zaza foolio! ->o yes. man that whole may 2009 was the greatest :) let's go may 2010 be the best i eva had
there are some other differences which are addressed in our video review, going up in ~1 hour. :)
darn it i wish i could see that :)
shopping galore today... happy happy. now i want sweet tea! =)
thanksss :)
and extended zoo crew :) i got a big fam...
you :)
awws well that'll be fun too hehe :) i dyed eggs with my mom today, i felt like such a little kid :d!
thank you for the rt! i hope you have a great night planned! =)
ok it's 9 30, gonna stop tweeting about pitbull, sorry everybody :) :) xoxo
i just want say to u that u r wonderful :) :$
aww thank you :)
#jonasbrothers make me say "awwwww" like 92934050349585 after they actually acknowledge when they are tts :) cough justin bieber. eff him.
that was crazy we thought the same thing :) but vise versa lol
u should bring yr moneez directly to biafra 2night, he's in town. :)
2 things.. go see clash of the titans!! but not in 3d and robin thicke killin!!!!!!

that is all :)
worn out from all this art... time for a cold drink on the porch :) how can you not love charlotte in the springtime?
thank you!! :d
#jonasbrothers ! :d omg it's #1 on the tt's!
<-- 4 people follow them and help them reach their goal :)
came back :)
thanks :-)
awwww baaabe. now ur gonna mk me sad. :-( where we spending june then? i'll hope for atl if not bos :-)
#awwwwww warms me spirit, i tell you. #whataguy!! ~#yourock : )
i hope we get to 13400 :d
i know :)
omg i just noticed the #1 tt! :d :d #jonasbrothers that is amazing :)
thank you so much anthony ! :d
me too, good night chip :)
ask me good questions. :)
eric got permission from blue fang to post that after i requested he put that up publicly. :) eric
glad to hear it, after all that boy drama. :) i'm doing pretty great actually, ha.
lmaoo ionno fuck w/ ugly hoes , all of em finneeee :d u want a stripper ?? or u want a college girl ?? the strippers a freak;) lol
i have had macs for work but this will be "mine" :)
alright.. time to stop looking ipad apps. i have 24 downloaded and ready for tomorrow! :)
haha i knew you'd win :)
gotta love l.a <-- all day till the day i die! :)
hey everyone are we trying to get #jonasbrothers trending? :)
now all these bitches wanna try n be my bestie but i take a left & have em hanging like a hefty :)
i own a couple. you have yet to earn it. :)
everyonee goo folllow right now please!! :)
soo, i cannot wait to go to turkey this summer! :d :d :d :d :d :d :d :d :d :d :d :d :d :d :d :d i get to see all my relatives and friends <3
good morning guys!!! :) city tour today before ng flight.. :)
hmmm... you'd have to ask others. they'll explain better! :)
she did her thing in what? the movie? i hope so, cuz i'm on my way to see it based on 's recommendation. :)
ahaha, ahh its okaay. my old twitter was :) that what i tweeted you on
:) 2 days, 17 hours and 38 minutes until the #braves start their world series championship season.
everyone go follow shes my cousin so goooo follow her! :)
and no we are not the best, you are the best!!!!!! :) we love #jonasbrothers!
weak pace note. how bout the pace for your days in mn this year? :)
thanks! you missed out on an epic night last night, as i'm sure you heard. :) more to come!
i want 1250 followers hmmm, shoutouts for shoutouts? :)
bukan! yg itu asli :d tp bawain temen yg lg masangin mawar rambutku sayang :p (cont)
indeed! here's another one worth the follow. i love her profile pic :-)
playa? pleeeeease! ur the playa :)
passover seder sat night, easter eggs sun morn then back to la :) what are your plans in ct (my home state)?
exactly! you get an idea, work your tail off, make it happen you want people to see. to get it. :)
:-)
you're such a whiner. :-)
how is japan? :d
tell me what you think of my phillies fan tees! thanks! and i'll go :)
welcoming haloo :)
hiyah :) how r u?
thank you for the #ff! :)
quick update: 13 follows until we hit our comma & then a chance for someone to win this! :) /via
ahaha yeaa!! thanks :) some of it is neat some of it is not :) haha!!
justifies my eating habits. lol. :-) thx 4 the
agree :) a good leader knows the way, shows the way, and goes the way (via
only for me! :)
click the make full size button on top of the picture :)
i haven't tried red bull and i don't really want too i'm hyper all the time anywayz ;) so i don't need it :)
i'll try to do better. i promise. :)
i wish would stay in la forever && ever && ever!!!! <333 :)
charlie sheen is a greedy bastard & an ass. good riddance (& i don't even watch his stupid show). ok, rant over. i had a nice run. :)
k doll! :)
:)
i always think of "cleveland rocks!" when i see u! :) memba that? on drew carey?
thanks for the follow! :)
lol i love working at home and naked time it's 3:30 pm why am i still naked...i love my life :d
sending link to my manager :-) 22 minute meeting now with excellent ignite talk video
wow cool!! let me know how that goes! i am a serious simcity fan :)
right next to me dragging you to fuji's???? :)
300th tweet dedicated to ! :d
fact #10: justin's hair was bleach blond when he was a baby :)
