goodbye :) #jonasbrothers made my day, i'm going to bed with a bigggg smile :)
solitary brainstorming, listening to podcasts, so in short, good :)
you are the best! #ff #followfriday :)
i had closed down twitter, made my cone, and come back to you choosing the right one :)
off to go campaign for the weekend up north, might stop by the drop zone in hollister to jump out of a perfectly good plane. :)
yay!!! thanks :) twitter is really fun :)
ugh. westboro. we have a guy here who's part of a group that specifically protests westboro rallies. with harleys :)
#shoutout o2 mah new follower .. ! =) w| yo sexy ass .. !--thank u
absolutely! will you have fried avocado? :) what are the details for that night? website has nothing.
i remember :) thank you ! its okay though i was just joking to annoy bec hehe
*moves hand* too slow! ahah jk! :d #jonasbrothers
ahaa, you don't like sleep!? i looove it :) awwhh i loooove your hugs xd
lmao thanxxx tina wat wud i do witout u :)
:) is on now.. luda: "guess what i got in the 510, 415, 408?" jasmyne: "hoes?"
late but thanks baby!! :) how are you?
your faceee :d
haha i had to :) and u gotta admit urs arent much better. ''she has a butt chin'' and ''homo brothers''. real mature.
anyone knows how to post a video response in this new crazy layout? help :)
i just hd a bbq chicken pizza! bomb!! :)
thank you michele for making all of these rt's happen. :)
finally home after being out for bout 12 hrs! ate, shopped and hung wit my baby..she was nice today :) ... now to wash my bedsheets hehe #hi
that's czary! jessica kurtz gets emails from barack obama because she is a part of his socialist cult. :)
#shoutout2dagurlz i had raw sex with. lol that wasn't a condom i just have extra skin :) #aprilfools
as many as i can! haha i just do :) lol thanks :)
tweeting :) & watching justin bieber baby music video
i was feeling old school carrying a steno pad around with me. i've never found a better tool for jotting things down :-)
thanks for the rt's! you guys rock! happy easter hope the bunny drops a couple chocolates for ya! :)
ohhh. he was always there. sneaky devil :)
please follow me back :)
thanks for the follow ! :)
thanks. :)
spot on! pitstop at ouam and onward to fullerton area :)
lakers bitch -- atl h** had to throw that in thre for our win... :-)
we have a line of about 20 people in palo alto. outnumbered by tv trucks and journalists. :-)
your welcome, keep up the good work :) #ff thanks to
yaaay!!! :d i reached 1o,5oo followers & 1,2oo lists!!!!! :d thank you so much!! :d
have you seen this video short? :)
cue: jay-z "already home" #dmv :)
record that demo so i can watch when i get home :)
hmmm... i'll sleep on it. maybe i'll have an inspiring dream. :-) lol how about werewolves and flea collars? #fridayflash
oh i forgot about that! right i'm off to find chocolate thats not melted :)
lol! you gotta saved some of this material for your standup show! :)
you ask, ill answer. :)
horus is coming, we better get right with the only thing that can protect and provide eternal slavation... christ jesus :)
makasiih.. hehe happy b'day y yaii wish u all the best :)
seriously everybody follow cuz he's following half of y'all and he's my friend :)
heading to suzie wongs with the divas.... come out everyone 27th between 10th and 11th :-)
i'm so glad you had an amazing time last night at #nyautoshow we will definitely make it our yearly tradition :)
kidding!! : )
seriously follow :d
i think she's just getting excited about coloring the hard boiled eggs tomorrow....her first time! :-)
i love the #jonasbrothers with all my heart :)
pleeeeaase make sure ur followers listen to u, im really tired hahaha :)
thank you :) actually, it's tea now.
okayy, imma take a few more as soon as my mom leaves :)
what other accounts do u have? so i can follow them if i'm not already :)
no prob! lol! like the text verision! gbk! <3 :) and no. :o
"dear facebook, wtf are you doing now?" the title almost says it all. :)
oh yeh duh lol :) i forgot goodluck and have fun :)
thanks! :-)
pengennn blanjaaaaa -____- need my shopping treatment :d
tweet tweet :) and thankyou im noone special tho silly girl
yea :)
ohkay :) but i can only go to one outing :p its either tommorow or next week :p
edhukku thappa eduthukkanum? and indha kaasu kuduthu kinda statement romba old illa? :)
#shoutout to <~~follow him! :)
oh cool man cheers! yea oz is cool.. though i'm far away, but my close relative is there now, nice to have u as frend :)
*raises glass of water* here, here! :)
:) gonna be alot of music & some other fun stuff :) #thanks so much!
finally got my damn in-n-out now im in a better mood .. moviez` bound nowww :)
yay! i should have made some waffles to go with our fried chicken for dinner! :)
awww thanks luv :-) #ff funny dude whose tweets to and from work keep me in stitches.
can you please sign this? it'd mean a lot :)
your welcome :)
hi! :) nice to see you in my stream tonight hope your weekend is great too.
okk kyk ap crae? ajarinnnn :) klo ak bsa downloadnya ntar km tak ksik 2 huge shoutout lol :p ayoo :)
ok, crashing. not a goddamned thing to do tomorrow except what i want to do, in that beautiful weather. :) g'night freaks, geeks, and cheats
o_o not for meeeee. :) how are you? hope you have a great weekend. :)
...except that on xmas day, you get everything for free, and without drm :)
who wants a selena gomez bg ? :d
yeah i'm done w/dat ordinary safe ish,wanna try new (2 me) things & explore.i was soooo scurred abt da color! not anymore :d
10 more followers until 600 :o think we can get it before sunday? that would be totally awesome! :d
city wear lol . they were only like $35.00 :) . & they fit me perfect lol
watchin a movie with my sis :)
sure! what organization is it associated with? give me an address and i can send some! :)
i got my blackberry now. uma be here :)
also a good one especially since the bb screen shows windows :-)
q:hmmm... i want a waterproof computer! no ... a:bahahha :d naaw her last name is probably...
if your room is full of justin bieber posters! :)
listening to my playlist and smiling... makes me feel loved :)
i just bought another my world 2.0. :)
dear faith bradfield, get out of the shower!! i miss your face!!! :)
fact #49: justin's warm up for a show is him singing "i know, i know, i know, i know" in all different notes :)
follow now and i will dm justin or one of the other celebs following me for you :)
xd whaat are you up tooo ?! :d
discussion on our mail alerts extension in heating up ! join the fun :) http://ow.ly/1ufre
hoora do whey :d
i spent my whole day out and occupied :) i need more days like this!
heading to white rock...again :/ but this time to see and watch the last song so its :)
my kitten has a bf lol hes sitting outside the kitchen window meowwin for her aww cute :)
delhi metro's new line starts today btwn indralok n mandka. west n north west delhi. would help over 1 lac ppl. nice. :)
great day with christian :) with devyn again ftn .
now we just need a pic with them wearing the sweaters :) yes they all bought the same sweater haha
#jonasbrothers are....everwhere. :d
off to go camping for the weekend up north, might stop by the drop zone in hollister to jump out of a perfectly good plane. :)
i'm going now, just closing down tabs :-) g'night bb!
thx bb <3 :)
bye everyone! leavin' for arizona now (fxckin' 12 hour drive, omg!)...will tweet ya'll later sumtime next week, if not sooner! *muah* ♥ :)
& 2 my new followers, u shld know, i do random attacks of follow (#ff) luv thru out the week. can hit anytime. i spread it out. : )
grudge? :) what's a good scrary movie for a 12 year old girl?
ahhh... just listened to something that brought a great big smile to me face. thanks, that just made my month! :)
thank u sooo much 4 comn :) everything was nice! i should have my business cards next time
rofl. i think microsoft with windows mobile 7 could turn that os into something to compete w/ the ipad. "it was my idea" :)
> lol it is :)
nope sorry ~ i actually have near zero shelf-space to display my toys haha everything is online and my blog :)
colorin eggs! look at what new friend made for her.. :) a pimp egg
giving my new followers a warm welcome, please talk to me. i am here, i am listening. :-)
mmmm... whos down to bring me some church's biscuits? yumz :)
car service slapss thru these speakers :d
lol hahaha gpp kokk :d ayo yo maen! lunch with the kiddos and me gitu abis itu you can go hang out with hasianti.
i <3 everyone of those movies, bravo kcrw! kcrw 5things: 5 fav music scenes in a movie :)
i'm having writer's diarrhea... just cranked out another 3100-word blog post this evening. :)
the beach is nice :)
ladies yah def need to follow . he's worth the follow & a sweetheart :)
shouts hello to you :)
i told the owners to go out for brunch and put a sign on the door "open houses cancelled because house sold yay!" :)
me too :)
well if you need to rant or anything i'm always on bbm :-)
does he like bieber? if he does, suggest to him u smile or that should be me. :)
listed you :)
followed rt: followed , follback please :)
thanks =)
shouts hello to you :)
thanks for doing this early tonight =) id take stay with me baby if theres time. =) i need to cheer up.
shoutie to my new followers! == thank you for following! i followed you all back! :d
<3 thx bb :)
omg its awesome so far!! :)
time! smile and your writing can quickly and easily go from a boring diatribe to copy that's exciting to read :)
thanks for the ff :)
yehey goodluck tita soda thank you sa pagbabantay sakin :)
belieber chupamela :) si haces spam a #jonasbrothers le corto el tequeñin al byeber :)
ahaha because u werent on for long :d
it's nadaddy :)
yessss way better. thnx for askin :)
goodnight tweeps and all my new followers! :) xoxo
whoa why u tweetin for? they let u back in the zoo with ur internet? damn #wheretheydothatat i mean ur home so have fun :)
check it out!!!! the beginning stages of my media unit... wait for the finished product : )
:) hi! + hey, i thought you lived in mn, no?
fact #59: justin takes 4 pills every morning and they are all vitamins :)
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
it shoooooo was. ur cute :)
i created so i wouldn't annoy tweeps with so much blips & might do some other fun stuff :)
thats how i like it. i want to pussy super dupa wet! :)
#iicdhouse do not listen to the people that say you sing to loud. if you want to be heard be heard! :)
never see me out cuz i live in my work place but i'm out showin my girl bday love at philippe chow :)
i want to do a feature on you for my humanitarian blog! follow so i can dm you! :)
ehh, yours :)
yup, i'm still here. i'm just in the process of uploading a video of my son's concert to youtube so i'm back and forth :-)
tell us? in 140 char i can now say i'm an expert at winging my eyeliner :) and i look gorgeous as hell tonight if ...
bless u hun! everyone knows that women do not age after 29 been celebrating my 29th birthday for a few yrs now :)
night off...early am & back it tomorrow night :) i know ur gonna rock it out! have fun! :)
you pour scorn on your igneous rocks... harsh man, harsh :)
aww :) you're the cutest.
you're welcome :)
ohh poor elsa.. she just listed by 384 people haha. does anyone want to list this account? :d
awe, thank you! :d
arena with & then rage with & ! i want some millions mmm :)
his name is keaton! :)
if your account is ever hacked, make a new account and contact from twitter trust & safety! she will restore your hacked account! :)
haha iii knoww right!! there sooo presh! :d dude did u see the last song?
ty friend for #ff :) enjoy our talk!!!
ooh haha :) & yeah right! you're talking to ur slut-buckets
hmm oke thanks ya :d
people are obsessed with me and im totally ok with this. i see you. hi hater! y'all just keep making me more and more famous :)
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
hey tip, happy easter and congrats on 1 year tumblr birthday! thanks for the inspiration have also just installed disqus. :)
thanks for the :-)
:) thanks for the tip
hahaha! she is in portland! :d
i'm assuming this was a female counselor giving you such grand advice? hehe :) #spacecamp
my sister just wanted me to walk with her across the main road to the next neighborhood. it's 11:30 and she didn't ask. i said no :)
woah. i officially love !! :)
okay i got you 10 :)
ugh, yup. life sucks right now. hahahah i need bamboozle like now. :)
thanks! i'll keep u posted, don't worry! :)
timeeee 4 questions =) ask me anythinnng >>
:-) thanks! i felt the love.
#nowfollowing . . . .cus she badd lhh<---- i'm sayn tho!! ....gracias :) lol
yay! it's been buffed quite a bit since then. but it's still a fave :) so ready for this joker to be finished. getting there.
i'm so tired fixing my twitter account :) maybe i'll just fix it later. or as soon as i can.
i do too...but because at least 1 gets deleted everyday from twitter...the others were just browsing. :)
thanks! :) #ff list of must follow nurses
yaaayyyyy!!!!! thanks! : )
heey guys its im backk :) who wants to play a game of gts? tweet me saying "meeee"
at chili's w for her bday! i've been here for too damn long! lmao....but i love my natty! :)
that could totally be the plot for your chick lit novel :) #exploitingyourparents
thank u :-) the determination is there. it's my focus that's a problem. #scatterbrainedsco
actualllly (locdawggg voicee)ill just wear deeeez :)
can i have a shoutout? :) please cory?
haha yeah :) can you tweet #vietnamlovesbieber for me plz? we trying to make it on tt :) #vietnamlovesbieber #vietnamlovesbieber
