thank you for tweets & rts! :-)
update (if you didn't know): wwfm moved from 15 to 13 on mediabase pop chart, 294 spins. wait till idol bump! :-)
dead tran u crazi sis ya 'make love' was playin n i saw kanye he my hubby #8..i thnk he cute.. =)
and my birthday wish has come true :) going to see tonight!!
he's cool, but big time rush is my life>well, as you can tell by our name-official btr street team :d -tay
exactly what i meant...congrats! smell of new car is even better than new book smell :) ~ it's a tie ;)
i have an idea. i'm hosting an event for women in biz next week would love it if you could come :)
:) hahah i love this pic!!!
your welcomee :)
haha thats dumb, youre really pretty :)
smh i'm gonna get u! but it's ok ur not the only 1mad wit me so is lmfao!! :-)
thanks for the #ff :)
i'm off to make some dinner, back in a bit! :)
thankyou for #ff i will send you a bottle of irn-bru :) xx
eek! i hate those!! i'll have corn and cotton candy instead!! : )
r u still in ny? ...awww thanks :) ----->
dinae piss of a scot or a scott :)
thank you. : ) i'm just so...i don't know. lol. excited and nervous. : )
caribbean women make me =)
because my job is no good. and i have other opportunities. :)
i'll make sure the next are a lot more uk friendly :) i do very much appreciated the kind words
sounds like a plan hopefully you will be over jetlag by then? :) can't wait to catch up in person!
hahaaa, i love ketchup.... but only with chips :d
guess what?! me and sarah love you all. every single one of you. even the haters :)
i have a theme on my blackberry to make it look like it is running android... looks awesome :)
carol, gigantic & fine in sane sentence pertaining to wine is a stretch :)
good one :)
that's why i eat mostly brownies :)
what you tweeters think about my new room so far??? :)
:) thank you for the awesome #ff mention, dear sweet and sun shiny #fluffette! xoxo
thank you for the #ffs. you guys are three of my fav progressives. // thanks so much! : )
eu disse que queria 2200 followers né? :d
thx :)
haha that was fun..i haven't went in, in a while :-)
q:hey!! :ddd a:hellooooo :d
u got me there :)
happy birthday to u happy birthday to u happy birthday dear pattie happy birthday to u :) have a amazing day:) xxxx
aw i'll miss you too little brother :) xx
(it's a great car! have any questions?) i want a so sporty and reasonably priced. :)
< for all you ladies who said y'all love my eyes =)
thanks chris. hope you have a brilliant weekend :)
who wants to take me to build-a-bear ?? i would love u forever :d
i think you should ask yourself why you're buying an ipad, then :)
totally fantastic managed to get to follow me then last night he returned a tweet about kids & dubai. : )
okay thanks :)
pic: kitchen tip: use an onion bag to wash small items in the dishwasher. attn geeks: great 4 keyboard keys :d
how many more till ur goal :)
thank you very much! :-)
mind your business niecy. i've seen plenty of chic flicks. btw, i will go see it. thank you. :-)
picking up the gf :-)
come to guelph & chill with me and :d
hi. we are a custom portrait photography biz. specialize in seniors and families/kids. :-)
april 19th ^_^
i just might! imma go with the gorillaz today! i'll let you know what i think! :) it's interesting
can't wait for #doctorwho? you need to know more people in england with slingboxes :)
oh right :) but the party is still on. party pooper. :)
yeah, but stable often means boring :) so i've given up lol! ...did you read my latest post? www.toriklassen.com
:) okay i'm gonna go to sleep now xd take care love you, byeeee :) xxxx
she failed :)
cooking pasta, yaaaay :)
got that out my system now i'm good :)
thanks! :)
of course, but just know it would be an honor to read your submission :-)
sad not to be in #manitoba this weekend but happy to have this view as i wait for the otown bus home :)
thanks for the rich. have a great weekend back home with your family! :-)
:d haha, okay.
come beat me with love hun :)
haha these girls saw my make a wave in the sand and started singing :) i feel proud.
sure i'll be happy to look at anyone's stuff :)
#ff! :) have a great weekend!
followed :) would you mind signing this <3
go ahead. : ) it's my gift to you. : )
hmmm... i'm only coming up with i see dead people :) .... which movie??
take deep breath and relax. let food sink in and calm you. :)
follow back ? :)
my house :)
:) thank you and hugs for the #ff right back at you!
i think i am :)
hello everyone :) how r ya this afternoon? good friday?!
changed my life: :)
hahahaha! okay okay, soft all the way :) i'll take that from a girls point of view!
thanks for the heads up! :)
i followed you back :)
detroit but relocating to orlando this summer =) you?
let's do it :)
:) lunch was yummy.
was this an april fool's joke yesterday?! :) i do great headers. :)
seriously....you need a convertible!!! when you come to boston for ur bra, we'll take my car into boston...top down baby!!! :d
okay maybe less than that :) follow <-- follow cos he's gorgeousss ;d <3
congrats on your jc follow--very happy for you :)
thanks for the #ff my dear :)
i vote that's all :)
if he could see the beauty of your heart & still go..he's clearly not your romeo. :)
it has been a good day minus the odd weather. :) heading to work for the evening.
it's my laptop trackpad. no cables. :)
thank you!! :) i missed you lots last night!! rt: i would like to wish a verrrryyy happy birthdayyyy!!!
ok, let me know if there is anything you need :) xxx
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? i love you :d (#souljaboytellem live at )
love it :) shopohulaskirt!
just voted for cricketz :) i keep hiting resend :)
thank you! all sorted now :)
thank you! :)
i'm doing great joe, thanks! how's mrs doing? :)
good 2 c u r early twitter followers. call 650.852.0546 + say "twitter" & get ur $5 discount. plz. retweet 2 ur friends. :)
hahahah be careful what u wish for!!! > i know right?? :)
me too :)
4sure :-) .. cuz i'm def gone need a shoot eventually .. follow me back
manda seu orkut? :)
hahahaha! :d i saw you first
thanks. mind you, i don't actually have one myself and am totally speculating but that hasn't stopped anyone else. :)
wondercon is crazy so far! thanks to everyone who's stopped by. giveaways tomorrow! :)
i got ur message, playboy. thank you! i got u on :d #final #favecast
getting ready for our album cover pic. so exciting. cant wait to take a break and eat first : ) love my tweeps xo
thanx u ^_^
miami this weekend, chicago on thursday!!! cant wait to go back to the chi. now that spring is here, i'm gonna be about and about :)
dog friendly 5k ... parkinsons 5k walk & fun run... t-shirt for the dog too :)
learn something new everyday :)
got it. and i'll be listening. :)
rt: #ff • hella funny chick • andd she's pretty :) lol
be inspired today to do great things. do everything with a smile. :) (via
hahaha lmfao. in denmark we say i swear on god. or .. wallah. its the same. :d
and i enjoyed your game :)
:) good. now you don't have to have some awkward convo with tink & pan thanks to some freaky puppets. have fun.
thas right! =) #ff cause we gonna get drunk pretty soon lol :)
heey. it's allison ! :d
those cordones u picked up looked great on u! always nice to see u & ecky :)
me anything! :d
ok, so who's gonna go on an ipad date wit me 2mrw mornin? the date: stand in line, get the ipad, go get breakfast, go see a matinee show. :)
hey brother :)
hahaha too cute... at the risk of sounding like your mother where was ur sunscreen i have sunburn. :d
:) darn it. you are right!
i know it is hard to keep up as there is so many so you can search #cf or #confessfriday later to see all the #disney confessions. :)
they are very pillow-like, it most cases :)
i'm off for some sleep! getting up at 7:00am then i've got a good weekend ahead! goodnight world :) #ruffsqwad
taste of what ? your ass ? no thanks =)
stuck in the moment and kiss and tell :)
well i have 6 left. how many you got?? :)
oh bestie could u check my thing pllease =)
my boyfriend dumped me changing his facebook status. what a loser! haha. :)
all your tracks are immediately copyrighted to you anyhow from the moment you record the first lyric :)
you can come to my house, but you said you're mad at me. :) thanks bud.
yes still here in mactan w kuya kim....rg's already back in manila. i love your hometown. be proud! :)
gonna go geek out about community gardens. :)
thanks! i love you guys too!!! see, shows ya that we can be a vol or a buckeye but still get along :) it's all good!
my ship is a kayak. || hahaha, indeed it is, suzan :)
beatch... i didnt get invited...

wow-first sunburn of the season..cant say that i hate it =) (via
yeh please do that boo :) argh i no but im so mad that took me so fuckin long :(
ahhahaha i know, and my ole scary ass tried to stop em... but no one saw thank god :) how r u luv?
2.44 am i'm super bored.. so better go to sleep.. hope u all guys had / have / will have a great day! bye :)
it was an honor to meet you john. thank you for the sincere recommendation for #ff. we'll be chatting soon. :-)
hehehe! in this household, it's the other way around. is the budget mistress, i'm the spendthrift. :)
can you show them an example? :)
aww, lorna! that is so sweet of you! likewise my dear, likewise. looking forward to seeing you tomorrow. :)
haha, it went in brown and came out red :) #followfriday mikey the car wash mangr who lost al's dodge.
aaaaannnddddd easter weekend marathon is on! 1 service down, only 7 more left :)
& follow once we reach 1750 followers one of you will win a psn, xbla or steam pc game :)
but thank you :)
our maid says someone who didn't speak portuguese well called asking for me. please call again, whoever it was! she didn't get your name! :d
did you review it? :d
let's get together and feel alright :) #oneearth #onelove ♫
thanks for the follow friday! your a darling! have a happy easter! :)
pepperoni rolls and tudor's biscuit world...looks like i'm back in wv :)
am so excited that i just found out is on twitter!! *waves* hey john!!! :)
just promoting :)
lol of course i do =)
at a surprise dinner in cold spring on the river with our entire new york family to celebrate the engagement!we are so blessed :)
q:i did your mom...a favor...by making you...a sandwitch!... a:ew i hate sandwiches ^_^
i've offended many a raver in my day. it's always an amusing exchange =)
#shoutout2dagirlz that can keep a secret : )
thanks :)
thanks for the nod earlier. :) have a sensational weekend! good plans for you, i hope!
thanks for #ff: :)
hey, you were all amazing tonight in bournemouth! thank you! .. awh thanks so much sweetheart :) x
i'm in dallas love. back to la tmw. : )
scan this barcode with stickybits (http://www.stickybits.com) and see what you find! :)
ditto. humor is the thing that gets me through just about every day. :) it, too, is a gift from god.
thanks so much adam! i hope you like it :d
lol i know i did :)
were going to meet friends from out of town. not just for the drinks. :)
make sure to watch me tonight on the soup on e! 10pm!!! check with the rents first though :)
:d ?
thanks :) / but of course tiger! : )
if i have, i have to say, well done me! :d
be patient :) i'd trust with my life
1. not engaging with friends/fans, 2. talking too much about youself and 3. mis-using words eg i'm twitting. :-)
lol! no just like to have a goodtime :)
anything i can do for #haiti , i'll happily do it :)
i ❤ your headphones too :)
take a break. it's almost midnight. :)
wow you followed me 1002 people ago. i will never forget that night. thank you!! also the night i became a twitter addict :)
i'm straight bout to get my oscar the grouch on, so fuck all y'all... siiiiiiiiiike! j/k :)
back fr an awesome hoopjam 4 1! big thx to all my local hooping buddies! your enthusiasm is infectious :d the hooplove is fierce in inwood!
thanksyouu! :d
you do great what? ;) was this an april fool's joke yesterday?! :) i do great headers. :)
whoopssiii somebody isn't 100% right now :)
mani & pedi with my pumpkin... :) thnx! <3
did i ever show you this shirt? delorean crashed into a certain police box? :)
hello, can we have a chat? :)
yup yours is there :d
