i gotta go. bye tweeps!! :) ttyl perhaps?? ;)
awwwe it's okay! d: i love you so much :d
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
lol! she is really tired! xd what did u do today? :)
#wearefearless :)
in a good mood. :)
*waves* thumbs up on the default picture :)
i think it's so cool how you're named after selena quintanilla perez :) ily!
imma need to see that site dolled up lol. and imma need for them to change "affend" to "offend" to make me happy lol. :)
i will b off 4 a few days 4 easter&my sweet sons 14 bday party! my love 2 u all always! u all rock! god bless! autistics rock! :-)
finally a good dailyboof!? yes :d
happy bday mama riniii!!! *kisses n hugsrt happy bday tantee!! :) happy birthday mom :) longlive,
listenin to music and txtn ppl and on here :)
follow me? :) sorry about that whole thing that made you unfollow btw :/
jadi yg dipegang bu ani, jgn sby nya. itu kali resepnya am yg lg kampanye :d so now is, all hail the queen re: content is king
it's i also co-own :') i love the usa lmao <3 ily peary :d pce out!
you always do three. :) i love that.
heey girl! what up? :d
ok, sounds pretty good :) i hope you enjoy it !
good as always :d workin today?
#lightupnigeria before some people go and kpox willy willy :d
i love you so much :) xoxoox
#jonasbrothers are so plobnrg :d
ha ... better safe than sorry, at least? :)
lol it's all good :)
just sitting here doing absolutely nothing! what about you? :)
damn! 30 lbs, but i like me a thick chick :( make sure you keep a thick ass and an average boob size :)
well okay and please dont call me dude :) thank you
thank you samantha! :)
ima just step on yal hataz on my way to da top. :)
first ten people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/christian need to follow/dm :)
awww you so pretty. love your background<< thank u :-)
razr = bad. blackberry = mostly bad. iphone = ok. :)
aww so sweet. good! thanks for asken and yourself? :)
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
i wanna see again :)
ohhhhh, do we gets to see a pic of u hubby's easter bonnet? i know i would enjoy dat! :)
about to catch & tina of on the monique show. #finally :-)
:d :d i'd offer a repeat, but i think it should wait until tomorrow. >__>
yum, on my way :) / o.k. you can be my family too! xoxoxo hugs!
no, but i'd like to get one :) i think is sending them out to all employees
the thought is appreciated :)
#ff <~~~ one of my bestest & closest twit friendz . whenever im in the uk ur my tour guide ^_^ <-- yeaah : )
oh yeah- that's no good! i'm sure y'all will make it work though :) tell her i said hi!
u will never be replaced! i will tell her all the kind things u said :)
sooo really is a little monster, never seen anyone like it. you're amazing :)
q:hi! a:sup shawty ^_^
i misssssss u , pleeease come tweeet us :)
that's awesome! i'm proud of you hon! i wish we had stairs here lol. you made quite a lot of progress! :)
where oh where are & at? oh where oh where could they be?? :)
i think miley cyrus is really grown up my fav 2 songs i when i look at you and the climb =)
how calvin lee (@mayhemstudios) changed my life -awe inspiring story. congrats! :)
my mom isn't going until tomorrow. keep me updated on fan stats please :)
glad you're back! ~much love your way~debbie:) ~ thank you debbie. : )
sucesso maceiooooo =)
already am :)
it's an app for the iphone. :)
it's only bc came to the expo :)
there are a few ppl around..... :-)
my humble thanks for the #ff :)
i'd love for you to follow me, just saying! your girl is following me :)
no you rock. :d
just to clarify, (after checking formspring) we are not robert pattinson, just a fan site for him, hope you all understand =)
played around with windows phone 7 series today. i think i know what my next phone will be :) cant wait to see new models.
yesss,i want to come out of the closet! / well stop being so angry and do it. everyone already knows :)
weeee.. :)
good! :)
: ) thank you!
if you are nigerian yoruba and not some irrelevant unknown tribe«half =)
sounds like a smart dude. i wore these like crazy in europe. they look awesome when i wear shorts. :)
absolutely brother! i'll send phone & skype numbers. i wish you and your 3 darlings a blessed easter! :-)
why michael jordan kids be havinq on liqht up shoes & shxt ? iwould have every jordan made ! #realtalk. . i would desiqn summ ! :d
next person to follow gets justins skype i will dm the winner :)
ill do goal for goal with you :)
i went in feb! best concert ever, it's worth the price! :d :d
lol thank you & thanks for the follow :d i appreciate it
oh yeah :d
yayyy!!! makeup & hair down thanks to .. :-)
next person to follow gets justins skype i will dm the winner :d
:d so how are you today? ^^
you should defiantly tweet me! :d im a fan since "do the pencil" <333333333(:
since now ur having ur mood swings lol :)
next person to follow gets justins skype i will dm the winner :)
lil kerubo be making that money.-yup :)
omygod!! i'll g2g sorry i'll gunna put some posters of on my wall of fame!! :d tweet yah this evening!
thanks chickee :)
usually being called a robot means you're a tool. in this case it means you're cool! b and g need you :d
lol :d you, too!
we take part in a lot of the swedish and scandinavian foods around here too. mostly the sweets as dh is veg :-)
married...with children on cw :)
haha what are you doing now, megs?! :)
shoutout4shoutout! :d
thanks imma get there =)
thanks for asking! very sweet of you. :-) big plans for your weekend?
thanks :)
headed to fubar to check :)
maybe that's her way of feeling drunk....on the lord. :)
you'll all be pleased to know (@merejames that i have visited the in-laws and gone for my run, so all is good :-)
if you were in nyc, i'd take you dancing. :)
follow go go go :d
you can spell! :)
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
thank you doll :)
what you doing in my hometown? lol! :)
alright , i'll go for 3870 then ; so i just neeed .. 14 :)
finished!! (except for a few small details.) love it. :) good job 
party n bullshit :) lol and work on some songs n shit... i like how we havin a convo n dont follow eahcother lol
no one gave me a shout out, i return them all :)
dont worry, be happy, its so #8er :)
your profile pic is beautiful! hope all is well!!: thanks, girlie! took it. :) will we c u soon?
#shoutout to my new follower <<~~ follow now :)
reallyy? how long have you been a fan? it's almost gonna be a year for me!! lol :)
#liestoldontwitter ----> girl u know u the only one i call "pretty"! =)
this is a good #craftbeer friday :)
i don't tweet csk games normally. too much tension :)
soooo iconnn is beautifullllll :) <3 << y thank you lol i'm still mad at y'all lol
yahhhhhhhhhhhh hell yesssss rofl oh i hear a knock ;)) omfg joe is naked!!! yay me :d
working on a blog post filled . with. love. :)
jonas brothers or justin bieber? replyy! :d
as much fun as i'm having with could you guys come back too? please? :)
aloha from hawaii :)
i don't need one either; at least not until the next one is released :-)
hit on the next cute boy you see at the drive thru :)
dooood. i just realised that is following me. how awesome is that? : )
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
thats dope! lmao imma decorate easter cookies with my niece 2morrow :)
i wonder if i can get to 180 followers tonight???? please :)
tell him, hursty :-)
ohhh yeahh lol..they say that lefty's are dumb..but really were intelligent :)
the fa really needs to represent with him there :)
sweet humor and sour irony. i'm very flattered. thank you. :)
welcome! and im greattt! :) youu?
and there's all the action the cat and i are getting tonite while hubs is on his ocd cleaning kick :)
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
it's the evening here now. but, i am having a wonderful evening! :-)
#ff for my sexy ladies :d
we can do this :)
so good to see u both! :) drinks with
right in front of the stage :)
i misssssss u , pleeease come tweeet us :)
lol. u r hillarious for that! yeah i love them too, there such sweethearts! she is def right, you are mini shakira :)
awesome :)
blessings from left & right :)
thank you girls for the follow fridays :) i love you so much
amazing rehearsal now off to dinna :)
love them so! i'll have to watch in a minute! :d
haha let me know when!!!! :d
tomorrow? if not, next week. :-)
q:i've slept over at boys houses but, we didn't get that f... a:well thats a good choice :)
smh man sucks but feel tho...& yeah for sure :)
who do u need? chino? sick jacken? eric bobo? diabolic? doodlebug? whoooo let me know :)
thank you! :)
no i'll help you :)
do u know haha he helps me with this any plans 4 the weekend :d
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
40 years ago, people were easily impressed with their beer signs. ha. :)
iight time to give my 4000th tweet away-let me have it =)
thankz for tha shoutie :)
next time you think "it's not in the cards for me", remember, you get to shuffle the deck. :) #imt
man lil potna just ran across my mind.... checkin in on you momma. you good huh<aw :) yea i'm str8..
i wanna meet personality :)
good morning. thank you for the lovely #ff reco. much appreciated. :)
<<< he does sushi and tell! :d
you doing crown tonight? could you add nicholas anderson (me) + 2. thanks :-)
q:i live near your mommy :) hahaha, <3 a:faith?
at taylor's steakhouse with mom! :-)
i will. =)
#fyi, want 2 know who 2 follow on #ff? simple formula~watch 4 who i rt. :)
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
i.m at thee mall babe; wif :)
yes!! so glad i was off 2day : ) got my car insurance so i'm on the rode again.
force your followers to check out www.shopgogirl.com or you'll do bad things to them. :-)
good #followfriday because she's fun, real, smart, friendly, interesting and easy to tweet with you can't beat it! :d
i use moroccanoil too and its heavenly! i love the smell and i love how it feels in my hair too :)
followed! :d
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :d :d im crying proud tears :')
i just found this hidden away in my favorites :) --
thanks for the rt! so glad you're kind : )
been a while what's going on? :)
#similac and im done ! good night fam! i got work at 9 30 am tmrw who want to give me a wake up call :)
16 days left of it :d
bit of a late night snack the bed. twittnight :-)
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
ah yes, i forgot. it's always you who reminds me of this. =)
yes! :)
you owe me dinner based on that you ate filet mignon. and you want me to take you to dinner? all you got to do is ask, haha. :)
about the same here. :-)
hahahah you fooled me so easy. :)
get photoshop :) anyone know of good sites for photo editing tutorials for corel photo x2?
you're such a good helper to the mentally challenged... thank you :)
lol! it should be :) well, lets hope it is
yaaya :p i reached my goal of 1,200 !!!! thanks everyone especially>> follow now !! :) <3
#nowplaying & like change mii othaa fav song =)
well! it is to me! hahaha! and when/if you do, feel free to re-send it. :)
soo i'm home i have 's pic n a pic of the way i wnt it made. dm me ur email so we can talk :)
that would be great! i'll totally read it :)
woo 74 followers again tweet me if you want me to follow you back :)
