no problem. :)
cory just dmed meee :)
so this new mac pro actually tripped the breaker and killed my inernets. :d
i'll dm her for you :)
i'll get it to u as soon as i get online :)
i should send it, i want the space in my garage!! i've been too busy to sell it..maybe next week :-)
so, i stopped by sonic for an oreo blast... and one of the delivery people on skates offered me $600 for my hd2! i politefully declined. :)
lmao haha you know it :)
she has a way of doing that! :) :) :)
omg im listening to "one" on youtube right now!!!! hahaha please follow me!!! :) ilyy!!!!
uploading grapes now =)
yeah!! ly2 :)
hey womann :d #f ryt bk...welcome 2my timeline
dear please get off lebron's dick. #juststfu. thanks ^_^
the mighty oracle is performing tonite at level 3!!! go support :)
even tho hasn't spoken to me all day, i still loves me some her. :)
happy easter tweeters!! :-)
lol he made me a little easter painting in daycare the other day :)
i agreeeeeee!! :)
u too her!hv a nice weekend. :)
thanks :)
good guess, but that's on netflix instant. don't need to wait for the dvd. :)
you are such a good man :)
omg im listening to "one" on youtube right now!!!! hahaha please follow me!!! :) ilyy!!!
huge friday shouout!!!! to my incredible buddy #ff him :)
watching "return to me" all alone tonight. yup, im that kind of guy. ha :)
follow ---> thanks by the way :)
yes :)
thx u so much :)
my sis is coming to help :) i only have like a few boxes and my clothes. nothing major
:) have a great show hunnibuns!! xo
3 more lists!! :)
although, if you each got one friend to follow and we hit 100, we'd be even more motivated :-)
glad you like it , hope you will make it out to the event next week :) keeptorontoreading.ca
oh no i was be so sad!!! good luck positive vibes your way!! hope it pulls through :)
something bout dese #trendsettas got me feeliin greatttttt like tony da tiger =)
nevermind, our ancient greece flasbacks movie moment has been prosponed 4 tomm. rushing home 2 watch 's food revolution- :)
did not end up going to la to do my gig this week end.... but i'm offieeee!! :)
shoutouts for shoutouts :)
lmao ! help ppl like me :) you'll feel really good. i mean me and helped over 7 ppl and we feel amazing!
yes! bad boys 2 is on :)
got a 90% on my marketing exam #2! :)
we both are lol ily :-)
ill buy you gucci & prada & fly you all around the world :)
i think i'm gonna stay in tonight...got a long day tomorrow!! who wanna come over and cuddle?? :)
fine go ahead!! just eat some ice cream and watch some sad movies lol :-)
make me a dam cd..u jammin ova dere..lol =)
sippinnnn! ridin out w/ :)
omg i know right :)
i already did :) <33333
tilt ya head back, close ya eyes & open ya mouth =)
energizer bunny arrested, charged with battery.......lmao :d
lol.. thanks mate :) ill follow now 12 mins to go #ff
i need to lay off the chocolate !! i had waaay too much :d
yes i am a social media princess or at least that is what they call me :)
hi! wow you have an nba player in your picture! :)
tweeps! it was just a thought...i'm glad the #alphas are our 'brothers' :) it was destiny... lol<#skee-phi!
dear please get off lebron's dick. #juststfu. thanks ^_^
i think the #jonasbrothers need to host saturday night live! :)
thanks :)
this if you're a true belieber! :)
if you want to be followed :)
walking on the beach for a little bit with steph, then going to bed! night! :d
lol..you cut that one close! thanks and for you --> =)
aww, thank you, :d xo
i haven't tawkd to bri in awile i shuld say say sumthin....hmmm, nvm! :)
hey how are you :)
if anyone who's going to be in our neighborhood tomorrow could donate a bottle of ground cinnamon to our household, we'd just love that. :)
i totally agree. we didn't have a trailer, but being an only child i had the back seat to myself. :)
pole action #pow there she is :-)
hey hot mama... we will be in town april 15-18 i want to see you guys! ps: have a great wedding tomorrow! :)
please follow me :d
great tonight, aaron! 30 points and a crazy sportscenter top ten worthy circus shot! gotta love it. congrats, man. :)
yeah agreed, y ers are soft when asked to do something new or challenging. what if i fail? runs away screaming.... :-)
we beliebers need to get trending! like, now! :d the jonas brothers are trending, but justins not. thats just wrong
just got my hot jam tickets . aye we goin in :d
just got off the phone with coryn from :) she is soooo nice! :d wish i lived closer! :( lol...
#ff "left" is right :) <=creative, too!>
lol u can get him lol he isnt bad at all :)
reading tweets ; he's such a dream come true -- i fall for him more with every tweet :)
awww ur a crybaby like me! :)
14 for 14 instead? i really need 14! lol :)
hahaha!! everyone does!! :d
is so cute!! follow him now now now :)
hey just a hint, it works better if you mention people and ask them personally :)
hey ryan =) yes too long.. how are you dear? =) i'm good thanks for asking =)
awww i love to see all my twiends come together & meet each other ^_^
ada undian cd maliq bertandatangan yg limited itu :) ok, ad hadiah dr ga nih??rt ayooo mampirrr
aw i wish i could come :) happy early birthday!
had a great time at dinner w/good friends- and now off to bed early for a little fun ready and some good sleep :)
haha, hail yeah i been staying on top of my shit ^_^
q:would u b mine a:sorry! i can't :)
yay! you're an awesome big sister! :d
whoah! <3 i love ya! here i go twenty shouties for you. hope its worth it. thank u :)
thanks for mentioning accessibility right in the description, just purchased the app. :)
its a freaking love fest up in this bitch. :) you toooooo loveeee you.
hi ms. mary !!! i just got your books !! thank you so much !! i like them ! :d
cool i'll put the gm crew down for 8 :) see you tomorrow. get there before 5 for a tabl or they could start backfilling our room
with the bro :)
ha i know your not a creeper!!! you are silly :) hugs!
