great marriage class tonight which focused on patience and respect. we also talked about living in a virtual world :) #wedding
awww boo well go get em then!!! =)
i'm doing great kurtiss. ty for asking. wrapping things up at work for the night and heading home soon. :-)
lol of course of course :)
adam and i want to go on a trip with you guys... your pics are making us hungry :)
*grins* hope you have a great night :)
haha i guess so! maybe....nahhhh it's not fully complete you still have lots of smarts that need to be released![2 me] lolll :)
yea, u are cute :) lol
mine aren't real picky. but i want it to look nice :)
if u fall in love with mitchel's eyes and smile :)
same lol, me too! i might be meeting him on the 25th of this month :d
new partner site ! check them out on the sidebar ! :d
i figured it was in australia, i meant where abouts, never mind. i'm actually going to sleep now. night :)
hey hun, can u follow me =)
i like co-owning it's fun :d
poor skeptics lol then retire :) neuroscientists discover gullibility brain module, my work is done.
thanks to everyone who donated and to all my followers who put up with my unseemly begging. :)
2 minutes? i say 30 seconds the most :d
that sounds like it was before my time but welcome to houston :)
i'm excellent, thank you for asking, and also for the follow. it's a pleasure to meet/tweet you! have a great weekend. :)
i think your sad but i dont know for sure cuz i dont speak partugese.. but i hope you feel better! :)
i love you. that will never change. fly me out to cali. :d we'll partayy all day long. :d
weather looks o-dot k-dot tommorow! there you go :)
i love the name mitchel :d mitchel!mitchel!mitchel!<333 if you love the name mitchel too :)
thank you! :) have a great weekend. :)
marcello!!!! such a great show tonight....thanks for the rt!!!! (((((((((((((((((((((hug))))))))))))))))))))))))))) :-) xoxo
party in nyc this summer with the girls chicka?? i think that sounds like a plan for sure :)
a special friday night shout out to my haters everywhere, i know you're watching because you don't have dates tonight! :)
you're welcome!! :)
you pretty much just defined my entire wardrobe! lol :)
agreed :) btw performing in san diego any time soon?
awesome lol :) what are your easter plans? :)
thanks for the ff! you're pretty awesome yourself :)
see u in there! going tomorrow :) going to bali for political reason.
just cried like a baby inthe movie theaters...love when movies can do that to you :)
whoah thanks! :) fwiw, i always enjoy your comments.
i want to, but i havent slept during the day, so im not ready for an all nighter haha. party tomorrow though :)
i'm not sure if this is twitter appropriate. but i feel like * muah :) u kno its mutual xoxo
#ff <-- thx for the #ff love :)
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
smart. talented. awesome. funny. honest. sweet. amazing. kind. artistic....should i keep going? :)
so we saw clash of the titans tonight. not as epic as we’d hoped. also, not nearly enough owls. :)
the last line is 'beauty & the beast' lmao. but it's a really good song right.. they should just change the final line.. :)
#ff my first friend =) we met at montessori learning center (school before you start school)
my partner boils veg to death!!..so we have 2 saucepans...i love to crunch and taste the natural flavours :)
thanks for the #ff love!! you are awesome. and for the rt! :)
i will :d
follow if you always belieb :)
#ff now :) ----->
let us know if we can see you after....you know, when you when you check your twitter in the middle of the show :-)
follow follow follow follow follow follow :d
heres a random ass fuck you, from your truely :)
hey hun, can u follow me =)
great for you!!!! keep it up... consistency in activity is everything. :) have a blessed easter.
i love my hair/makeup for this photo-shoot! :)
#shoutout2daniggaz whoo i fucked ; lmaooo , i usually doo make niggas mouth drop :) #stuckonstupid
picking up my fiancé for the first time :)
i love you too :d
reminds me of the nsa motto: "in god we trust. all others we monitor." :-)
holding down the ft :) i'll be in your city mid week this week. you & around?
hey there :)
i'm making dinner: bbq ribs, sweet corn, tater tots. :)
#jonasbrothers fan from the beginning till the end :)
you see the problem now. apple is going to have to step it up. thanks for the :)
logging onto www.wiglingtonandwenks.com for my shift. :-)
so i figure...if we go fishing...we'll be on a boat for a long time. so. the engaging conversationalist part will come in handy. : )
i said a prayer for ya! :)
thanks for the #ff ! =)
yuup!!.. i'm comin to see u too! :d
i so completely agree! :)
drinking on good friday?? good thing i'm not catholic :)
:-) this month's illustrator of the month is he's got lots of great insights to share.
my word! people this day!! :)
why did i get married too :)
woo!! congrats on your follow! i'm so excited for you! :)
q:muah. a:helloo :)
daily drawing 92: blue tiki bird :) #draw365 #illustration #art #followart #markers #crayola #bird
do it! create something! then tell us about it :)
changed my name from adamvlogshere to adams_words please make a note :d
must watch, now. :d
peace, fam. just made it in to la from stanford= 700 miles roundtrip every weekend :( but...3 more classes=degree! 2 god b the glory :) mod!
thanks! just changed it today. it's from the new movie! :)
you guys are soooo cute! i love when guys show they care =) -sigh-
thanks! we appreciate the love. :)
haha why? :d and yeeah im always craaazy :p
ill dm them for you :)
lmaoo i knooo..get off..that's my bitch :) lol ..
hey there! happy easter ~ i love your new background ~ pure awesomeness!! besides your one beautiful chick! :)
thank you!! :d #ff #p2
:-)
well, im going to try one of my emails :p i think i remember one, that i havent ussed :)
best of luck, dest. i never thought i would win. :)
i like youu iconn :) your cutee ohh and #teamlibra :d «---thnxx, lol yeahh #teamlibra
oh yeah... and have you voted for the palm pre plus in smartphone march madness yet??? :) ...
awwwww :) thank yu
(c) featured vid! and i clicked on it! and i loved his song & him the first time i saw the video!! :d haha
remember everyone has 30 events to play this year now (only top 25 will be counted in ranking). :) week of april 5, 2010 mps group champ..
aww :) #ff awesome,sweetest person in the world,ma gangsta 4 lyph!! je t'adore!! aha french me seh!! lol
the lakers came to play today :) looove it
also, i'm getting a b+ in math. :d almost got an a! :( :p
bowl of corn flakes .poured coffee (with milk) into the bowl. :)
got a nice shirt, slacks, shoes for church on easter :-) i'm a be lookin wild handsome!
aw man! you were there? next time, my friend, next time :)
to my followers: if you rep that ram [ #teamaries] me so i can list you =)
well ..it's really hard cause i like them all..but humm..that should be me is kinda my fav for now :)
look at that cute hello kitty case. got that for free from :)
rt: hanging out in malibu beach at her mom is making yummy food mmmm :) <-tell alicia 2 send me a plate!
if you ask me to follow you talk to me , i'm not trying to be rude :)
it is called gaybor now. gay clubs moved in. :-)
go into options dude :)
your nails were nice last night :)
locks of love is a great organization. my sister gets people all the time who want to donate their hair. enjoy your "new locks" :)
are you guys following :)
oh so u like my talks about hair, music, and nutrition ;) i've been focused elsewhere lately :)
we love you too :)
2 more followers till 1,210? :)
heh. welcome to my world :)
thank you :) #ff follow for all updates and info on #dodger #baseball. this is a great one to follow!
last night was ooc. picking up wine and champagne for a mean girls viewing/night in with & tash. :)
hehe....you know i'm just messing with ya. :)
yoo, follow shes crazy obsessed with :)
beijos gentee. fuii.. i'm so happy :)
omg she called me bye my hole name omg :)
had a yummy (late) dinner. now relaxing on the couch w/some mags as my husband watches the lakers play :) (@ beauty girl central)
another all time favorite! war low rider. thanks for spinning it! :-) ♫
another all time favorite! war low rider. thanks for spinning it! :-) ♫
yes ma'am :-) ...can't wait to see you girl!
this is the cutest thing ever <-- love it <-adorable! he is a single lady :)
already :d
good luck if you are on qantas! :-)
it is good to have goals :)
had a great day w/ creating more inspiration for the world to see loved it guys :)
an indian company is pitching its 1.62mw spinner for gharo wind farms project. =)
check out amazing lady gaga video :d /via jarret = funny!
thanks for the #ff mom!! :)
new video! :)
how was last night baby?! looks like you had fun with ... yummmmmmmy! :)
just checked into the westin ottawa... and... word of the night... upgrade!!! :) ... amazing view of the river and city! :)
i like those adjectives! we like disneyland because it's got new orleans, but here at wdw, well, yeah, it's just huge :-)
dayum aha idid dat once mii shidd was fuqkin up had 2 qet ah new 1 it was free doee =) nd nun much chillin music mode
every pair of my chuck taylors are as sexy as they come. and i don't care. :)
getting better, thanks :) the meds finally seem to be kicking in, so the pain has subsided a fair bit. ulcers are sooooo nasty...!
it was fun hitting although we didn't have much time for it this week. as long as i don't have to run i'm money :)
for the moat part i would go for groping, though with my last gf i'd take kissing. she was a very good kisser. :)
i absolutely adored how to train your dragon! i now want a pet dragon like toothless. how does one go about doing so? :)
riisaa hit me up when u get on twitter :)
happy bday!! have a drink on me! :-) >>lol i got u
wanna know who's not following you? try this site.. i'm using it :)
got it! :) remember twin cities code camp 8
: )
where've u been? ur co-owners left you some love lol :) <3
wooo thats soo cool. on the front page of twitter? yaay :d and stephen, youre cuter than a button :)
am i a bad person for laughing at that? :d
or just download the current ones as they air.. the bbc doesn't mind :)
do u know bieberbro ? any plays 4 the wekend :d haha
shoutout too >> < go follow :)
happy good friday! /via to all my tweeps and happy easter to all too! <-i second that! :-)
thanks so much! :)
thanks for the pam! so many hugs!!! : )
come to dc! i got a suite :)
no. no. no. :) i had my girl on the other side of me, so it wasn't all bad.
here's your bg click full size before you save :)
thanks :d bgus avatarny cit.. well, new avatar! whoaaa love it!
haha yes, that's the main reason :)
#quiztwilighters era a catherine :d ps não se esqueçam do #quiztwilighters
one never asks a lady her age anyway ... right :)
lmao thank u babe :)
sitting in the den with the back door open. perfect temperature out ... now in :-)
lol. yah i'm pretty flippin' excited! got my flip all charged up :d yeah-- change ur pic!! see if it'll give u good juju
lol :) yeaah no probs .. im going to bed now tho nighttt xx
i'm also wavy!!! :) i'm wavy how u bestie
you were scary :)
my mother and i are off to cibar for some martini's :)
thank you for the #ff right back atcha! : )
awwh thankyou :) !!
#jonasbrothers fan from the beginning till the end :)
she means the "i have (insert pork product) in my (handbag)" game :)
#jonasbrothers make me feel the luckiest gurl :)
i'm good thanks. it's the weekend and good weather, so can't complain :) how're you doing?
me please : )
lol, it happens. :)
awwww! well anytime!! :)
:)
thanks, you too :-)
yes, the wave was called back, ya'll can head to the beach again :)
ummmm...sounds really good i can just imagine the side dishes. :)
what goin on when u hve no one 2 go home 2 :( its not all its cracked 2b girl the grass is always greener remember tht :)
ribbons and prizes. last adjudicated show i won a hat kit. :)
ayee follow now ...please :d
tema de soul edge no shuffle. awww :)
:) thanks. <3
that's good was just checking in on ya! :)
laper! bbl yaa :) keep helping me to reach 1700 :)
just download an app for it. :)
followed kak :) follback doong :(
hope you're all well. we'll be back on-air tomorrow. =)
woo!! congrats on your follow! i'm so excited for you! :)
wuuu wuuuu :) that's a good thing:: thas all i wan do is make u guys happy always cheesin at your tweets
yeahh :) gonna visitttt and tonight :) ... hopefully
well you can contact her :)
