#wearefearless help get this trending for taylor swift fans :)
good morning :) no icko fell in love with mimi the very first time he saw her... :)
lol... i'm just happy to see you on my timeline :)
tell her by jesse mccartney is one of my favorite songs :)
good morning =)
i want ya ugly i want ya disease ... i want your everything as long as its free i want your love .... love love love i want your love :)
#ff both these guys :) #ff considered a grand master in chair making, also dabbles in saving the world.
shoutouts for shoutouts? :)
okay... i'll dm/text you then :)
i got an old one redone and got a new one on my other foot! they're up on my fb page :)
by the way trina album drop may 4th 2010 !!! cop dat :)
indeed. i'm my own riot :)
please vote pyramid & replay :) thank you!
i know ! lmao. i just wanted u to look mean, thats all :)
next person to go follow will get list 20 times !!!!!!!!! go go go make sure to tell me :)
please let your co-workers know how much we love it!! have fun :) take pics and post the :-d
fact #10: justin's hair was bleach blond when he was a baby :)
ii can keep you satisfied #twitterafterdark= i know you can :)
thanks for the #ff :)
shoutouts for shoutouts anyone ?! trying to get to 1,215 whoever gets me the most followers gets a dm to justin :) !!
#follow shes my princess. :)
sipping orange soda. i heard it's cute to be late. so we'll wait! :) lol
installing stuff on new computer. it'll probably take me a week to get it fully functional. :)
haha well its not a secret anymore genius lol :)
so am i! i'm in portlandia :)
it was only the truth. :-)
i see you, theo! :)
talking carl seems to not like himself it's pretty funny :d
i would have to only ride your bus, in that case!!! :) fun fun fun!!!!!
work tonight then weekend with my babies...yay love being a mommy :) love my babies!
-ok im bak frm #tinychat .. umm #shoutout to piercin =). << you gotta lemme see yours tommorow :d
thanks for the follow =) and i'm now following back!
ok, all i gots to say is peddys looks better ;) g's is a just like you me thinks. such a lie. who's made of plastic? :)
funny things have funny names, just like the milky way! :)
funny certain parts of me are already warm and you haven;t even started yet :)
q:dont listin 2 the person who said u should give somene else a... a:i agree with you. thanks :)
follow now :d
thank you :)
im about two log off in 20 min =)
me too i got u 10+ thanks :)
hey, thanks :) just a crazy night, last night lol. how you goin?
eating good :)
hey its okay you dont have to keep trying im just happy i got you some more followers :)
yippeee! its time to go get drunk :-)
one more thing yoruba chicks are better looking #thatisall < no bloody way...no way at all«truth hurts =)
well, you've made it here anyway :-) i run wine store under pub. here 2night/2moro after 5pm. drop in & say hello
lol its all good ;) oh your an awesome dancer well i mean i think you are ;) -- thank you :)
that i did know and noted. :)
ummmm hello mr. take my clothes off... in love with your pipes =)
san franciso ^_^
#follow =)
guys! i think we should trend #jonastour2010 since we're all excited about jonas tour 2010 :d
awesome!! how did you win that!? :)
ah thx 4 the luvhug.. a beautiful thing that :)
aww, that's good to hear :)
good idea on the map. guys always need help in the direction dept! :)
if you miss the days where jb was not that famous! but youre still loving him now :)
i saw alice in 2d but i'm sure 3d will be good! my friend described it like "avatar" for kids :-)
yes. odd place. all the girls r like a clone of eachother fashion wise lol. found a boyfriend coat pinkyotto boutique :)
fact #9 when justin was little, he wanted to be a mechanic when he grew up :)
yea ! im so ready i already started !! :) haha
not sure! :-) the mix is crap where i'm standing. as long as spoon sounds great, i'm cool. i'd better move between sets.
thanks for the #followfriday shout out! always appreciate the love! :-)
i'm ac . niceee to meet youuu; and hell yeaaah! aha nah i'm out here for easter type shit. family timeee :)
done w/work & arrived to see familiar faces jhiz & greet me at the door, good way to start the evening i suppose :)
i just woke up :d
great song. hope everything's good w/you :-)
maybe they don't pay him enough to give him an option or reason to do that :)
:d #worthaf
hey! :) i just accepted your skype request
são paulo.i m 21 years old =)
actually no, that's supposed to be, i'm half gay on my mother's side. :d
cunt! yeah i went there :)
if that ticket doesn't play in peoria, then peoria needs to get a clue. :)
oh nah u good no offense taken :)
oh okay. anytime sweetie. i am glad i can help people get a chance to listen to it :)
maybe i will quit today. :) ahh yay! i wish i took fables home with me.
i'll be on but ima watch remeber me okies =)
if you insist, but i usually drink it on the rocks. :-)
awwww, sorry love i dont have facebook ;) i look forward to your tweets too :)
night don... say night to the missus :) tell her thanks for sharing. #sng #youknowiloveyou
ahah its funny. how i was like omg. haha thats a good one :d
breakfast at eaton with mom and my little sister. :)
congratulations, double blessings! ====> thank you :) one. mod
south america has been so incredible to me... i cannot wait for the tour!!!!! :d i love you guys!!!!!
please vote pyramid & replay :) thank you!
yup the movie is called killers and stars katherine & ashton. it hits theatres on june 4 :)
wow that was a fast week! we can't wait to hear all about it when you return. we're expecting a big #spacetweep post! :d
:) u welcome....its just the #facts
haha awww that's adorable. i love little kids and their imaginations. :)
if you were a demi fan, you'd know :)
i hope it comes thorugh! :)
the blind side. great movie :) xo
...just wants some 52*5... :)
well....that doesn't make me less lonely...but there are ways to distract one from being lonely...i agree. :)
added :)
hmmm....i cant wait for the #jonastour2010 :)
but their both hot.. so i'm just going to note that their blind and take it as a compliment :)
ahh i'm gonna beso jealous if you meet her!! she's amazing!! :)
... did you watch our easter service on daystar tonight? if so, let us know what you thought! :)
we're finally watching new moon! :) #fb
next person to go follow will get list 20 times !!!!!!!!! go go go make sure to tell me :) !!!!!!!!!!
no, but soon. so much tweeting. :)
do you want to do goal 4 goal ? :)
so only needs 45 more people before she reaches 1000 followers. i say we give her a boost! thx, love. :)
have you noticed that soldier with sunglasses, he is everywhere in the movie :d
i love living in downtown :)
the cat just knows the true evil that valentino represents. do not blame the cat for following its instint of killing evil :d
thanks so much :) darling decorated easter cookies from
watching the #dodgers game :)
i love you <3. two days until my birthday by the way.. haha :d
tevin!! it's friday baby!!! :)
thank you for the #ff :)
i used 2 c u evrywings game in la/anaheim. coincidentally i have an entire album entitled shanny's fanny :) lots of preskate pix
i think vodka and gin both are low on my list of alcohols :)
well imma just have to check out the book, even if just for chuckles and 2 c the book cover! :)
-snatches it off && replaces it with devil horns- &&& -puts halo on my head- ^_^
yeah . try doing tha dance . :)
please vote pyramid & replay :) thank you!
awesome i am looking forward to it also :)
pls vote pyramid & replay :) thank you! i just had to grab this for the society #imrs
haa. thats great! and i am fabulous right noww :) -tay
happy easter !! be safe.. :)
well come now :) hopefully others will too :p
"#ff she sexy so yall follow her!!" --ayeeee thanx poo poo :-)
hey :)
yes, yes. #ff <--- he likes how i pick on em. #itsalllove...lol is it? :-)
ha! i bet i can do the cleavage thing :p actually my new fairy costume has ample :d tee hee.
i love it!!! thank youuuu :)
if the first person you followed on twitter was ashton kutcher :)
i do that all the time! yarn=yam in my head. :)
look at who's all domesticated... :)
oh, yay! :) she's good :) :)
right here mama :)
thanks for unfollowing :)
encore! encore! i want to hear the karaoke recording. she say's rubbing her hands and thinking of blackmail! he he he :-)
looks like cretaceous snuffalupagus! :-) dinosaur puppet is part science, part performance:
love mexican! almost there but first we had to stop off at our favorite mexican restaurant in town. i love mexican food! :)
popeye's is a once every couple of years experience for me. am done til 2012 :-) cc
haha just poof!! what are you doing? :)
will try rags, if mr sidhu lets me get a word in! :)
i think the dude said that they were made to spec from the halo encyclopedia. brutes are big :) ^jm
thanks court!! it shows up on a screen here &the festival organisers will see it so it's a big help, keep them coming :)
i won't tell, even if it does count :)
this was one weird weather day. :)
fact #14: justin is in algebra 1 as a sophomore. haha :)
*waves* hi! :-) doing well this week, and yourself?
do u have any love for me tonight!? i miss u! :) love u!
thanks!!! :)
your package went out today! however w/o ur last name lol. lady assured me it will get to u because of pobox :)
yay ! #jonasbrothers still a tt :d ily so much ! :d <3
thanks for unfollowing. :)
how many are you going to do,because this is awesome :d lol & follow back? (:
mmmm, a little something, something in my diet dr pepper :)
thats good. just spreading some good energy, take care. =)
thanks :)
hanging out with && :) just got them to sign up for twitter and become beliebers :) please follow them :)
lol i wish... don't think i can come up til may :( may try tho :)
follow--->@nightlydoublenj :)
the league is full of em. :)
getting the pants adjusted. i'll show you when it's ready :-)
donnie watching in plain sight to get ready for tonights backrub :)
lost fans from all corners of the world, say hi on our mag to go in the draw to win a namaste tee #lost :d
somewhere around there. :)
pinche me robo mi lonche ahora! good thing took me jaiva =)
halo is waitin' for you all baby -im up in here shawty :)
well yer laptop won't spazz out thanks to me :d
should i know what this conversations about? :-) my teddy isn't evil. it's just a bit of a photobombing whore
switch to now to see how rich sulawesi island is :)
i dunno cuz i know a lot of ppl like gtn it from da back aka doggy style lol :p or so i hear/read :)
lol ye' i'd be on some genius shit or somethin' lol, on tuesday's its free :)
thanks for unfollowing. :)
lmao he has a black gf :)
i know! :d
:)
yep, i do indeed look that bad w/o makeup when i have race face on. hope its not windy, bc wind face is real fugly. :)) ty. :)
i caved and got peanut m&ms and jellybeans to munch on. :-) altho chocolate cake sounds good too.
thanks for following (and yes you will get through your wedding w/o crying) :-)
yayyyyyyyyyy idunno wat or who that is but yayyy im happy 4 u =)
thats good. :)
#followfriday she's played with kitaro, bon jovi and pearl jam, she is the one..the only...@lorenzaponce :)
hi there! :d
hey! :)
shoutout please :)
:) i hope it works! <3
fact #59: justin takes 4 pills every morning and they are all vitamins :)
watching p.s i love you :)
and it links to donelle's site! :) love
if u want to give me a prize though, like u said a few minutes ago, i'll accept it now :)
well well well now that is a thought! but this is more for the socialites :)
who wants to play gts ? :)
me thinks i recognize some stuff from your killer set at dj mag. :)
it is called jealousy my friend :)
unyil 10 bulan yah hari ini? cepet bgt hihi congrats baby, happy long last :)
hello i'm back :)
please vote pyramid & replay :) thank you!
lol ..i'm 1 of'em :-)
whooo. hehe :d excited ako para sayooooo :)
:)
it's the final of the senbatsu today. i'm watching it right now!!! :d #koshien #senbatsu
