yaaaaay :d have lots of fun sweetheart!! #mcfly
yesz they are !! << cept you . ifcks with you heavy :d •eeeep =):
i know...what the heck...btw we were gone all day today...gonna be home tomorrow though :)
yesssss!!! awww, wish i was there .... i'll come back soon :)
the first task of any trip: preparing jake's ipod with new things for him to find. :-)
awesome!! cant wait to hear it!! :)
hey babe...uumm... we didn't write weather. we are producers! but we love the support :d (cont)
ooh! and for the magic to happen yu have to text it til your fingers hurt nic to 79922 :)
get out and have some fun! :)
#followfriday magic tweeps :)
thx sugar :)
thnk u ..n all the same to u :-)
omg! just seen the funniest shit in my lifeeeeee!!!! ppl will be in for surprises via/ :)
p.s. i'm coming to co in may/june. probably in june. i can work from anywhere so.... timing is tbd :)
oh sure :) btw sorry for the late reply. i was sleep. btw i'll make is later because i'm doing other stuff. sorry.
i hear u, but it reminds me how ppl capitalize "church hurt", hurt just hurts. you feel me? :-) so true!
following. follow me? i will follow u back :d
woot! hanging out with & in nyc :) awesome times! <3
not me : i got it cuz i want that t-shirt, too. (perfect ensemble w my that one jacket. =) ) || michi: villiage hellion
#immasmoothgirl.....how bout that :)
#jonastour2010 new songs, new opening act, new memories, same 3 amazing boys. :)
i wish the summer would hurry up and come already, so that i can go to justin's concert :) <33
i use both! i have a pro dropbox account for personal use and big files, and cloudapp is free :)
heyyy good and you.. :)
isn't it amazing!? i'm so pumped already. i really need to pace myself, or not! :d
i love girls! (via me to! :-)
refollowed :) thanks!
i can't wait to see justin on snl then buy it on itunes!! :d
awwww...shout outs too all my new #teamminaj follows...#teamminaj where yall at??..ii need mo followz frm yall! :)
of course :) also rossy hi hello
excellent! isn't it exciting when that happens? :-)
thanks! :)
a tapping number? wow!!! pretty impresssed :) #chocfollies
watching "criminal minds" << i love that show! :-)
yessssss! loving my timeline right now! im not mad anymore :)
me too! :d
thank you! :) haha.
he's mariosoultruth :)
to make for me seeing you and on tv? i could handle that! :) can't wait to see it
haha i like any kind of music that sounds good :)
did you vote today? we need your help to win the dogooder award. do it! -- takes 2 seconds :)
i think ii miss my long hair :( second that, i want a 16'-18' for some reason :)
your welcome :)
i'd like that; i was thinking about you earlier today. :)
ok guys im srry i rlly feel sick be back in layer sumtime hope i have morw bestie :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
snowing? r u in the mountains? :)
defiantly must have shoes. now that you are vip, as long as you order before 1pm pst you get next business day shipping :)
naw bro! jus vacation time! :)
thank you.. it means a lot.. that ur singing it. :)
the idea behind doing an i'm beamin remix by was and i's first :) just saying..
rt: excuse me excuse me omg how could i forget on folow friday?! follow her!!!! #ff <- yay .. ! =)
:) #ff <--- sweetest liddo thing :) my bestie ;] & he got my favorite picture up ; #pow !
#shoutout2dagirlz with brown hairrrrrrr :d
congrats to for winning this beautiful ruby set! #rohanrayjewelry yay!!! awesome :)
definitely me! my app must remain available!! :)
oh, that is, if you wanna drive there with me haha :d id prefer someone else driving though lolol.
yes we all hope that you miss him too!! we only have one lawyer in crew!! =)
5'o'clock traffic jam on :) mannn i stay bumpin the radio looove the mixes on weekends.
of course! already bought tickets! :)
okay haha i'll it if u want :)
glad to see your positive posts again!! missed you!! ~ thanks my friend. : )
nanti aku beli sayang nooort hahahha internet bb gue mati good good :) -.-
please follow meee!!! :)
all y'all gonna fall for an ok girl :) meee either lol i'm never getting married!!!! me either
are you in heaven? :)
thanks for the #ff mentions from and both good ppl to follow. :)
refollowed :)
rt: your kuuuuuute ^_^ <- thanx mama's && so r u .. :-*
i'm ordering some chard this weekend so get your pans ready young lady :-)
#ff -- ; my buddy ! =)
i just came up w/ a new place for da kens to live =) since barbz live in barbie world/barbie nation.....wat abt ken-coon (like cancun) lol
anytime :) i hope you have a super fun and relaxing weekend!!
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
=d thanks :d
my girl is hanging out with my in my office :)
love you!!!!!!!!!!!!! =)
i love the map, nice mod there :)
i'll tell r&d about that. maybe we can come up with something :)
just call the number on my twitter profile and one of those july spots are yours my brother :-)
congratulations to you had the first correct tweet with 5"5". dm me your info so that i can send your mj book :)
q:i really hope you get to go on stage n one else deseverse more than u or a:thanks :)
yep :d pretend they're all naked & dancing on the bar ;)
hey boo i read a really good article about salt today. thought of you. :)
imma do a 10 for 10 (: u can witn 20 listings gasp <3 stand back :d haha
good thanks, you? :)
when you come out to visit, you can cuddle her all you want... we'll just have to hide your shoes & anything chewable. :)
#freakhour i love when the smell of your pussy on my top lip. :)
:d very going to see the tonight in vegas ;) should get interestin considering its a bunch of male strippers
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
following, follow back? id like to be friends you seem cool! :)
thanks for your help the other day. i got a call. thanks for the #ff :)
lol actually mountain dew :)
justin bieber fans #juststfu thank you :)
thank u for all those precious info on sytycd. belum kebyg jdnya kyk apa, but so excited to know! :)
alright...i just got the new coheed & cambria album "year of the black rainbow". my weekend is complete...see you monday :)
people keep un following me i was so close to 300!! now i'm back to needing 6 more :( 300th follower will get dm's 2 :) now go
no prob :) thanks for the #ff <3 v...right back at you guys! #ff
thanku winston :)
the point is to make antis look silly, of course! // didn't work! you made yourself look silly instead :)
just to warn you its gonna be a stupid question lol :)
ok guys im srry i rlly feel sick be back in layer sumtime hope i have more bestie :)
got 9 more radio adds today! :) life is good!
i bet!! i was drooling reading about it. only thing that makes the ipad remotely appealing to me is the netflix app. :)
q:my name's not actually.. latrisha :) but lurking formspring and trying to write. ... a:okk
eeeek #ff because she's in my super awesome fantasy baseball league :) (sorry i left you out of round 1!)
hopefully this will be our dream house :) (@ jl. jatipadang raya)
good night! :)
inkamila #iicdhouse didi i love your scarf :)
retweet: if you've seen all of the #bieberordie videos :d
q:do a twitcam right now pleaseeee! :) a:nahhzz
yes we all hope that you miss him too!! we only have one lawyer in crew!! =) /via ~;))))
thank you so much for a great experience again!!! my sister loved it. will be back soon to do omakase. :)
arrey dost hafte ke liye aya hoon.. wil be back to del by mid april.. :) happy wala budday hai.. wil cal u in while
can you guys please sign this it'd mean so much to me :)
here eating my delicious sandwich!!! :d hehe u?
┌∩┐(◕_◕)┌∩┐ <<< for the haters n hoes << hehe thanx =)
#jonasbrothers dominate. allways have, allways will :)
yes i do mind.. sikkke, i will :)
cheers mr. w. hope you have a fab weekend too :-)
dude, they're just folks. trust me. :) you going to comic-con, right?
emang lebay kenapa dah quin ? ahaha #ithink pernikahannya nia dan ardhie/ardi apalah itu lebay :)
new official song still there for me (live performance): was this posted before?. if it is, im sorry.i liked it :)
i'm doing something pretty awesome right now :) i think you guys will love it!! <3 but i wanna try and trend #bryantjames
ayee please ustream!! or illl have rohit yell at you :) especially if is there. he will super yell at you ;)
happy #followfriday to one of my favorite tweeps #ff :)
just my parents... but thanks, i'll let them know! :)
i am not into the big frilly easter dresses thay are old fashioned and overdone. simple and cute w/ a dash of elegance was my goal. :)
kk i will start nowww!! :)
awww thank you love. :) so sweet! :)
finally we can diagnose :) dipsomania is an insatiable craving for alcohol. #omgfacts
the true meaning of their song "hold on" is about holding onto your bike. :) #jonasbrothers
im 20 followers away from 3,900 and then im so close to 4,000. :d yay.
would u plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute. plz? thx... :)
of course i am :)
<@bigtimerush <plz watch! it's 4 u! :)
i didn't see--no problem at all. :)
i played the official playboy game, was sorely disappointed, and am liking the looks of this one. :d
thank you darling... :) muah...
make it non-pussy beer, and i agree! :)
thanks lol :)
got your invite today! so beautiful :)
cliquei =d se for virus eu te mato :) kkkk
i didnt get to do my #ff today but you know i got mad love for you my dear!! :)
my girl a pothead man lol.< thats why my boyfriend thinks of me...lol n ur an alchy =) u love me tho ;-)
if you really wanna be my friend and want to talk to me i'll dm you my msn :)
omb! i would need one of those oxygen bag. then when im fine play it cool :)
sounds like fun.i'm of the "pcs vs. dragons = somali pirates vs. us navy" school. :)
:d
your just a squirl in my little world :)
#justindshouldgolive bcuz im boredd! :)
folback ya asap thanks :)
.@sanitylexer lmao " tattoo on yo booty that say f.ck you pay me " --- >> we stripin now baby loll : )
stop what your doing and go follow !!!!!! go go go if you do i will give you a shoutout :)
i love you, so smile :)
aw, i'm sorry, i didn't see that tweet. and suree, follow back ? :)
truth! midnight? hell...some of us started last night : )
keep it on the hush :)
on my way to spin at opera here in atlanta finally. another location to check off the "to visit" list :) ready to drink spin dance n party!
please follow me back :)
i wish the summer would hurry up and come already, so that i can go to justin's concert :) <33
thanks for helping a girl out today. btw my mom was wowed when i showed up in your clothes today! in a good way :)
thanks! followed u back :)
would u plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute. plz? thx... :)
yes i can :) ooh...what colour are ya getting?
muir forest with :)
aw thank you :) i spent so long on it. some people just made quick videos but i wanted to make mine super creative
the world. :)
thanks baby :) much fans brazil hehehehe
brb i'll be on from my pc. hit me up with your tweets :d xo♥ m
well worth it!! :-)
happy birthday :)
lol ya i thought so too :)
wondercon friday was fun! long live comic books! :)
change it to your name :)
i finally got a picture of him, his names jbiebs. he's a belieber haha :d
graaxiee !! :d
word? hmmmm thanx :)
anytime :)
really? okay i'll have to do that then. :)
work all day watched bball tonight. :) ready for the weekend. :)
thanx babe i appreciate that :)
i would definately have to agree. i think enjoys it as much as we do :)
we're working on it over here i did my bit, now my 'nix guru is scripting away over here :) email on it's way!
thanks dear! :) how's the little mama doing?
because he sparred me today :)
#demilovato should be trending now. cmon everyyyborrrdy :)
juice it up with the bff! :d
hey you wireless geeks out there, check out this photo. ipad fcc testing? <-cool setup! :d
i'll pray for you toget some rest =) i am so praying for an early out i did too much today and am so exhausted!!
damnn this girl is sexxy :d
anytime :) i do a lot of vol work with kids so i'm glad u told me thanks for the info shouts from ireland to you :)
sorry...lol too late :-)
thank you bill! you are such a sweetie! i hope the easter bunny is good to you this year! :) xo
cool quote. :) #fan #tv #70s i wonder how many people think about me right before they die. "am i getting punkd?" ... nope.
if you want to be followed :)
show love to she is new to twitter, she follows back! gain a follower :)
haha yupp, you get a background,some shoutouts, and dms to justin christian, kingston and moree :)
exactly! "dislike" is the perfect word, just couldn't think of it as i wrote. then, perhaps "strongly dislike!" :)
#justindshouldgolive bcuz im boredd! :)
