lol i can see that that... though my argument book would say art of seduction is key :-)
at last!!!!!! happy weekend :)
oh no! the pressure!! ;-) i promise i can deliver! and if you wanna beat anyone at word w/ friends game, pick me. :)
thank you :)
just made this custom necklace to match the sprinkles charm bracelet? should i make more of 'em?? :)
fresh out the shower =)
your face! :)
i am goooood :d and no worries
any requests for bgs ? ---> yes ? then tweet >> << :)
no idea these days but tiburon, in marin county,was fab when i lived there eons ago :)
aha, it'll soon disappear :)
longinho né :)
today's filmladd show recap for & & :)
why not just use pure linux then? it's always more interesting to watch the open greased cogs in motion :)
hmm, went to loehmanns and talked myself out of buying seersucker shorts and a purse. either i'm growing or i'm coming down w/ something :)
its alriight luuv :)
yeah i was right :)
damn it lucy wrecking my plans -_- aha can u check bus times please? :)
happy easter to you! :)
no worries ladyface :) after next weekend i'll be painting a lot more, at more sociable hours :) x
that's good to know. dropping +80lbs has had that effect already, but i do like me some comfort. :)
if your online right now. :)
thanks for the #ff love :)
haha! i´m doing great, tks :d how about you?
thanks, paul! :)
if he could see the beauty of your heart & still go..he's clearly not your romeo. :) #thesinglewoman
i am a good girl...i never cheated. :)
that is so amazing, guess you'll have it soon! :)
it's almost 2 am in sweden u guys are keeping me up! alex ur awesome and have inspired me to keep writing music, thank u :)
get to 10,600 :) he's a fittayyy :d go see ....
it's true, i do :d
aww :(. i have no idea, i think its someone rt'ing it a lot of something :)
thats ok! : )
weather is niiiice :d
hopefully in south africa! : ) where will you be at 11:30 pdt on saturday, june 12 when usa plays england? #wc2010
q:hii!! :d a:wats good.
you always say u coming to miami! you coming mon for real?! lol◀ yes iam... :)
sssshhhh onli u kno dat... :)
:) thank u sweetie
aww well if ur ever in the west coast lemme know :)
that is not just a "man" rule! :-)
indeed, :d
hiding eggs for the egg hunt tomorrow :)
that one was really good!#19 is my favorite backrub then! :)
walking down rodeo drive :)
live from 2am. :-)
you're welcome! have a happy easter weekend! :-)
im rollin up for you :) go hit a punching bag..you will feel much better
be inspired today to do great things. do everything with a smile. :) (via
all the good dark chocolate- fair trade and organic, is all dairy free and vegan :) and there's rice milk &white choc 2!
signed up for girls gone weed , check out my background :) ♥
[unlock wii] unlock your wii! play free games :)
sounds great to me. :)
lol and um yum :) melt in yr mouth not in your hand lmao
on tumblr :) follow me www.elizabethvill.tumblr.com ;)
*blushes* i'm still a grasshopper!! thanks love :) #ff <--she knows everything about sac hip hop.
gon hit the club tonight w/@mzsupasweet n our virgin island tans lookin like we just landed =) big funnn<where yall going?
isn't that awesome?! i was so hopeful. and i nailed. i *knew* last night he was playing the show. i just knew it. :)
ooh it is saturday now isn't it? happy birthday! :)
*dead* maybe cause u r far away :d
well. time to shower for dinner w/ friends. i sure hope the easter bunny brings me some of those white spotted malt balls! :)
well. time to shower for dinner w/ friends. i sure hope the easter bunny brings me some of those white spotted malt balls! :)
great :d
work, library, aroma cafe....... yup, my day has been pretty awesome. =)
you should follow <-- she made this twitter cuz she loves her some new boyz :)
gente add no orkut ? estou editando :d
hey , thanks for following me :)
oh thank god. i thought the one yall had now was the official o_o.. :d
come here! :)
hey im marissa, the sang hottie of the year. hahaha follow me! :)
if you love me :d
yes, i remember you! :)
yes! my free app has been accepted. thanks for that fast approval. took one day! :-)
so it's not as much about 'crazy', but more abt 'ungodly' words in username, is what i meant. maybe i did not write it well :-)
& follow once we reach 1750 followers one of you will win a psn, xbla or steam pc game :)
let's go :) i want sum ice cream :)!!! -- no u want pinkberry lol
idkkk . but it'll doo 4 noww . : )
:) wsup
: ) i'll be sure to ask him if he did when i see him. : )
off to see black eyed peas and luda! :)
new avataaarrr, comment pleasee :d
i love these girls angelica !!! too sexy ladies :) wish i was tipsy lol
takkar for #ff =)
ah, lovely. enjoy. give yourselves hugs and kisses. (as appropriate!) :-)
you know what im in a good mood today « bring me sum henny plz :)
#ff but don't ask y so ugly... also #ff i likes her :)
see u soon :)◀ yes :)
followed :)
i want a firefly sweettea vodka #playingthewronggame :d
dayum! i've been good :) hey mami..i had got lock out my twitter for sum strange reason. how u been!
a how old is christian beadles ? :)
^ask me anything! :d anything you want!:d
whew! i was like "whoa! $400 feeds us for a month!" but obviously it dies for you too! :)
spain :)
in the west coast :)
brings me back to high school days. :-)
may have fixed my video issue :) thanks paul you are a leg-end !!
xoxo love ya too sweetie!! :)
thanks for rt'ing, i appreciate it! :)
,goin mobile.... its snowing.. seriously? isnt it spring ? think good thoughts for me :)
