q:you're awesome :) a:aw thanks(: u are too! <33
plz follow & tell her i sent u. & i'll list u 20x :)
iloveeyutooo<3 :d whatchuu up to ?
hee! it's okay. i was just in a mood yesterday because i'm sick. thank you for the nice words! :d
hahaha, you're strange. :d
so glad you like it!! hmm ladies we believe. they fit us! we are ladies! :)
man these chicks wearin hate on their face.....looks bad on u ma but hey sumbody gotta do it....still luv ya tho... :) #sunshine
hey can you follow me ? please :d thanks
i have a "friday" thing uploading to www.youtube.com/turboamanda right now. =)
outside crib -- heey walk down the block =) lool.. #watisdisfriendlinklol
it was good :) how are you doing btw?
either works :) no pagan plans for me. just observing a week of no work.
i'm on my status. i'm home relaxing on a friday night. i'm becoming a good boy :)
awesome! that's good. :) well whenever you're ready, i believe your bra would be next. ;)
have you guys tried monsterpocylapse yet? giant monsters ftw! seems like good family fun. =)
lmaoo. :) yu got tht one for now. forgive her #teamdroid she is really cool people :-)
you're in nj? *waves from hoboken* :) i fly down sunday, promise i'm not stalking you lol
#backintheday you used to sing barney songs.now you sing justin bieber songs :d
thanks to you both! we celebrated with thai food :-)
lol hey :-)
kecup buat semuah.. :) makasih, papa revi..slm kecup utk aimar sm daria yg manits..
had to take 140 and pick the best 55 pics from people. you made the cut :)
lmaoo. well now u should come to the conclusion , that your not onee & its timee to givee it up =) dont ya think?
can't say fairer than that... mass effect 2? i've not tried it yet.. just waiting for my hand to get better :)
i want some cake.. who kno how to bake #nshit lol <-- meee :-) im n scoo for it #nshit lol
lol oh and tiny,sorry. : )
that's how i'm feelin :) ☺
just fished a suicidal/drunk/high friend off the streets and spending the evening at the er with them! now that's a good friday!! :) #fb
thanks for the follow :) , ill keep your timeline poppin
yep...big pony on deck for the night :-) <<you can't do that!!
oh boy... you need to fix your computer dear :)
i actually still have mine. :) maybe i'll stick my product professional pins on my camera bag, y'know, to represent
wepaaaaa !! she got a donk :)
its the same as her twitter user name :)
my thoughts exactly. :)
getting ready for church, good friday. :)
the words "all time low" || still not as low as reagan in the same period. fun. : )
:-)
thanks :)
lmaooooo! i gotta find that how you know???? and we back quiet. :)
yeah, met him last weekend. friend of a friend deal. well qualifies as a friend now. good egg. :)
tired as hell...just finished makin a dress and two dress patterns for tomorrow =)
fuck them hoes! make em' look fat in their pictures! lmao :)
so who wants to b on my team #teamcash :) i kno u do
thank you :)
lmao!! im just watching that coz im too lazy to change the channel :d
thank you so much friends for all the #followfriday shouts & mentions! i so appreciate it. sending smiles & love to my friends :)
you know her?! that's cool!! :)
anyone going to adultcon? i'll be there signing for teravision, come say hi! april 9,10,11 : )
hello jr! =)
mmmm.... i had 2 cocktails today and they were the shit! :)
#peopleshould vote for :d
thanks for the #ff! :)
o ok thatz wutz up! yea i need to go witchu to the gym! :)
followstats: gained 50, lost 22. details: at 50, all bc of the bday shouts :)
everyone go follow -----> and then tell me and ill give you a shoutout :)
ooooh cool :d idk how to make those kind of videos lol...i love that song! hehe
oh i will be waiting for that good morning , good morning from you , you owe me , :)
well than again doesn't really matter and are the cutest ^_^
well they are 4 1/2 inchers so not really. :)
pretty good! :) i didn't have school today, and i had abirthday day dinner fo rmy gramma and i. how was yours?
thats so cool :) i live in australia :)
thanks! & please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
yay me too!!! =) sound check 1, 2!!! getting pretty excited for the show!!!
mission accomplished: popped to wondercon after work and got stuff signed by both john loter and max brooks. my first time meeting both. :)
well, that would explain things :)
dming now :) thanks so much for yumminess! #perfectharmony
thnx :) #ff
agreed :)
that's great! my post actually answered the question at length but sounds like you are getting enough! happy easter! :)
that hanes commercial with the guy dipping his kids feet in2 white plaster about socks gets on my nerves! anyone else? : )
lol but your stuck w/me and like it =) ... lol
heeey! :)
hey! i'm good, 6am morning for full day wedding tomorrow, so relaxed we night tonight! :)
#ff follow bc she's my sisster whoo i feed :d
thanks for rts! :) what did you think of the reading?
aww why can't you go? don't pay any attention, you'll get a chance to see him soon i'm sure. everything happens for a reason :)
thank you,i will. you have a wonderfully blessed resurrection sunday too. :)
that sounds great :) thanks again for the tip!
:-)
here ya go! robot chicken :)
aw shoot. hold on. :)
aww that's nice of you :)
i won't burst your bubble :)
thanks jay! :-)
hahaha i just saw ur tweet! very sweet :)
back to the drawing board! i do believe it's no coincidence that appeared in my timeline tonight! :-)
divulga as meninas no twitter cam :)
yay for my besties and picking me up from the airport :) love yall. now dinner!
is there saturday delivery in 14526? cheers. :)
hey :d follow me back? :)
you have? that's awesome! congratulations :)
stratfordddd with and whoever- august 22nd bitches :) partay on the train there haha
thank you!! :d
:) heyy. wutsup?
traffic was crazy coming into indy from 31 too. it's wacky out there! :)
awesome :d thank you very much! youll love that one, the silver flower is so pretty!
looking forward to it! :) for those that are asking...yes tweetdecks for android and blackberry are coming..
hey you follow us again haha u used 2 :)
thanks for all the #ff love. :)
