followed :d
i will! :)
30 away from 1,700 help me? i return all the shoutz :)
looove you :)
nothing :)
hehey pale ak fanatik yo meli lol just put one finger in my booty then slowly move on to 3 :)
i call it the #doughnotpay :) yum #freefoodisbetter
yeah haha we better get some delena pics then lol! well hopefully :)
hi :)
siaaaap! :)
#ff follow these ladies =)
i love yall!!! :)
watching "kendra" show on e entertainment and i think it's a fun show. :) #tv #fan
always responds to her fans. let's get #blossominthedust trending in her honor :)
congenital heart disease, thanks :-)
haha serious??? i've never even heard the song :-) might have to look it up on youtube
i don't have a kit but my neighbor does. i go and play sometimes. i learned it pretty quickly. :d
nm, listening to miley! :) and on here. u?
thanks for class!!! i haven't taken class in forever and that was just what i needed :) have a safe trip back to nyc!!!
tokyo: more flowers than people :)
what's the story about that superman ? :-)
i've been amazing. i'd spend way too much time on the internet if i wrote about my sexual encounters. stop dating douches :)
plus of the day was finding a great green tea/coconut cocktail then getting the bill expecting to pay more when really it was happy hour :)
again: i guess as a user i expect a easier way. after all that's my craft. that, muddled with theories of communication... :-)
hello to all my new followers! :-)
yeah haha. before this gets kinda awkward...what's up? lol :d
l0l now who else wud i hbe goin wit ?? & i hope so too !<---yall are =)
i sent u a shoutout :) is your turn
hmm i think that üt symbol is for geo location, not state initials, btw. :)
singing tomorrow at michaels in fishkill ny from 10-2! come thru :) woo its gonna be nice out hello mini skirts!
; lols , pretty asians stand up :) // wordd ! lol
it's rainiiiing!! :d ......definitely a sign telling me to go to sleep!! :p .....ok, g'night for real this time!! ^_^
it is goodhow you changed from a blogger to getting recruited for a company :) an inspiration !
ohh :) how are u ? :)
okay, jolly good :d because i know nanas camera acts silly sometimes so it will be good to take pictures of us :d omg egg hunt
morning! :)
i don't think i know a town with more prettier girls than #juststfu :)
lol... do u watch bof? ^_^
blessings to you also! you should become a fan of the ab on facebook! i'll send you an invite :)
well thanx! :) i did see that-amazing! i really liked him :( i'm off to bed, but we need to talk more soon! it's been 2 long!
yep. a few days off is just what i need :)
yes mam yes ham yes turkey 3snaps for da kids honey child! * vogue-ing with :)
need help staying awake... go onto facebook and add jesse leefans :)
im from flick a nipple cul-de-ballsac , hermafrodite, 73 yrs old! :d << creeper!
stairs, treadmill, and homecooked dinner. what an exciting friday night :) #fb
yeaaa :)
:-) thank you!!!!
is fantastic isn't it, another great example of commercial incompetence online! so bad in fact the community did it themselves :)
:) where are you love?
we should! :d
it's close by, so you weren't far off. :)
american idiot is the best show i've seen in years!!!!!!!! amazeballs!! and no one better to see it with then my hot date : )
good aftie!! kain muna tayo! :d tama! work na ulet sa monday.. i bet toxic na naman yun..
we're planning on leaving before nsn too. or at least going to the basement bar :)
absolutely :)
goodnight!! sleep tight!! i'll be here tomorrow morning!! :) xoxo destiny!!
me following her tweets and wow. just wow! :)
i knoww im a littttle late just reply :) please: !
cristiano ronaldo! david beckham! matt damon in invictus! :)
yes,i'm doing magic since 6 years old.i have so many friends in korea.do u know jj magic family?i also know an ha lim :d
yeaah!! i want to :)
happy birthday :)
be strong :) hehe
good luck! :)
lol nerd :)
aw good on you :)
haha this is not normal, there is 2 cans of watemelon arizona, a can of pringles and a bottle of splash juice in my desk... :) lol!
did someone say #penis??? where??? :d
hey please follow me back :d
yes really :)
my birthday is in exactly one week :d
he reverted the april fools joke he never released! #kangbang #teamdouche :) lol
yesyesyesyesyesyesssss!!!!!!!!! congrats friends :d
:) nothinn muchh :) && no problemmm so do u know biebswift ?
omg, 9,666 followers? cmon, get it to 10,000. =) this boy's amazing.
thanks for dell v313 all in one printer deal, grabbed one :)
currently tweetin from a blackberry #teambb :-)
so true :) i love him
would you mind signing this that's all im asking :) it'd mean a lot to me <3
tons of wine + seared tuna + seaweed salad + fried rice + cookies + friends + videogames + viral videos = : )
follow ---> she's awesome! :)
the faculty is on tv. really? it's from 1998? man i feel old. who still has the hots for josh hartnett? :)
lmao aye , stfu ! ^_^ lol i'm not scared or nothing . i just wanna know so i can see it cus it's lame as hell so far , #noaction :(
you got it. :)
goodnight everyone! :d i love you #jonasbrothers ‹3
tc should be gold and the stars should be red in a shawn michaels style logo...lol :) and background dark color (that is all)
you're always welcome here. =) best friends for life. *pinky promise*
shoutout to my new follower >> << thankss =)
that´s great :) tweetdeck is good<< yes it is great iam enjoying it//
i so don't get the ikea cafe :) rubbish food, if ur going furniture shopping then go! a little envious, i do love to ikea shop.
=) u partyin 2night??
#ff #followfriday who i had to cut from rts of #ffs to skate under the 140 character limit. :)
as soon as i get home, i will tweet anyone who wants info on myt-spot :)
the first one i like :)
awe your girlfriend must've been calling. :)
idk...maybe =)
soundcheck done :)
its not bad :)
loved seeing the fan vids, for those of us who can't travel :d
suurre , ill plaay wwyd ! :)
where r u going? miami? :)
thank you. :)
if i don't write like 10 minutes. is because i mother punished me :)
going in in this panda express :)
i agree bro :)
hooters and now bowling with my boobie...juuuust the two of us <aaawww! thas cutee! :)
silly boys. :)
we'll watch either babe, i love you or titans. :)
i'll eatcho box .... no napkins! :)
:) awhh your amazing too umm..yeahh i know her..hate her actually...shess soo fricken mean ..-.-
congrats on the baby, guys! he's adorable :)
feel free to get it! :d wow,my fav shirt..can i have it?hahaha lol remember th
ty, following now...ur stream is a good read :)
yay, im glad justin bieber is trending again :)
where is that :) ?
love .....#thatisall<~luv u more *muah*!!!! :)
whoever follows right now will get a massive shoutout ! tweet me if you follow, gooo :)
go and follow :d !
nite world! god is good.. :-)
now i see the picture and ur mom is really pretty =)
if i heard the backrub right now u would get me naked too. when i drink tequila all my cloths fall off!! =) yup!!
did you say group? :) <----- ooohhh can you say tumblr pics? *winks*
who's at amazura?<~~ not i said the cat! :)
coolio.. following you. do follow back :-)
i've been back on track for over a year now & getting back to where i need to be. i'll never be w/out health& fitness agn! :)
also, when i see him this weekend, i'll be sure to tell him he has a fan in ky :-)
ahhhh. hey hey, haha. omg. i really want your autograph. but i will never be able to get it ~ yes u will! :)
yea dude :) i might have to remake the theme since i heard it had a memory leak
so u are baby daddy i gotta say that's a lol weird but that's okay :)
thank you for the alyssa !!! i hope you have a fun and relaxing weekend. =)
promise :)
do you wants jonas on tyra banks?? well follow thank you :)
ty #ff :)
as soon as the location is confirmed, i'll let you girls know :) when & where? :x
i was the first to say happy birthday to !!!! yeaaaahhhhhhh boyyyyyeeeeee !!!!! :) | yay ily!
bisnis pertama kali nih feb :) you crazy.... but you gooooo girl! hahah!
aww, that was awesome of u! :)
just one more person go follow and i'll love you forever and follow you! :)
you are totally ftw =)
i'm thinking maybe affugato. or however you spell that. :)
hahaha! i see you doc.. he's representing jamaica mon : )
i'd take that as a compliment. :)
bout to watch notorious :)
apparently i want company. :)
:) it's an activision panel this time and it's 3:30! can't wait! geekgirls i am freaking out for u. so when's your panel?
hi aunty! haha yeah i'm from mahia so i get up there a bit, might actually head up tomorrow to do some work on the house :)
sunrise in the judean desert is not all that great when your sons acrobatics in the tent while he slept kept you up all night :-)
thanks eversomuch for the #ff to a most excellent lostie and extremely cool and followable guy :d
so, who wants single shout out just this :)
yur welcome :)
found an incredible deli in vista today.....they have polish cold cuts, bread, desserts, sausages.....oh my!!!!! absolute heaven :)
my eyes are stinging! tired, yet still giddy. waiting up for joggy! :) #ff
follow me please :) 5
am watching it right now, little britain is on. :) not a bad channel if you like talk shows, comedy and soaps.
understood. :)
good evening, mark! have a great weekend!:-) // you too inger & enjoy your easter. : )
follow me please :) 4
lovin it...its like bonus friday :)
haha. okay! night gabi :) sleep tight . be nice xd
lol! i.can't :-)
word! :d just letting you know what's up before you buy your macbook:
hey you! how you doin? :)
follow me please :) 3
haha thanks!! :d
cepet smbuh jgn mau kalah sm nyamuk !! :) get well soon, egy mohon doanya ya tweeps, egy kena dbd niy
oh ya ! friends.. ? i thought we were more ! ? :o ;) <3 i love you . and we all love but chuck too :) !
:d yes , yes i am .
follow me please :) 2
yes i better see you! :)
awwwww :) luv tht song
#infolimit limit!!!! kenal ga kenal!! thanks :)
awww! thanks! it was a pleasure meeting u!!! :)
going to attempt to make a background :) i hope it turns out good :p
follow me please :)
heck no, not until other people do first, haha. ill let the pioneers work the bugs out first. there are bound to be some! :)
lol ok! meet me in london girl! ok...if it's the london hotel in weho that will have to do :)
well then, here: have a few more {{hugs!}} for you and your family. :-)
#ff ---> he's too cool not followin him? #justgtfo then :d
can you please sign this it'd mean so much to me :)
thanks, doll. i'll do that. :)
so sorry to hear you're leaving batwoman :( good luck with your other projects, though! :)
thnx : ) nice pic on ur bbm.
#ff he's a huge mma fan and is a really cool dude! doesn't his name make you want snickers? :)
you were right, the bigtimeparty episode was really good =) kudos to you and partying skills on the show! ;)
ur very welcome thank you homey :)
oh :) so cool:)
yes i will! im workign on my next album now :d
wooo! we are on our way to amigos right away. i'm so excited to see gmac! :) it's been too long!
when are you coming out here? it's not like i've moved to china or anything. :)
thanks brother back at you :)
dude you own for making those =)
hahaha yesss only time can tell :)
i'll figure out what you're talking about after the backrub...i promise :)
me and my lil belizian mama last night :)
a reminder: please do write in your favorite cast members/scenes for mtv's movie awards slots. :)
word! :d just letting you know what's up before you buy your macbook:
now we are watching the dark knight. loving it! :)
yes please!! we echotiners wont dissapoint, we will support!! we want back on screen. :)
aw that sounds wonderful. :) i can't wait to meet her!
one day im gonna take you to hershey park! its an amusment park with chocolate everywhere!!! okay?! :d
