you're welcome! thanx mz magnificent =)
every1 go follow he is an amazing guy,and very very nice :) he desserved more followers :) 9
le sigh!!! i liked it too!!! *smiling*rt *applauding* donnie.....in plain sight was awesome :) (m2!)
that's cool mhm(miss hyper maslow) ! what play??? :) -tay
i totally love you, and i'm not at all drunk. :d
i usually try to add something of substance to my replies to her. haha :) they seem to get the job done better
please dont follow friday me :)
go and follow > < and ill give you a shoutout! just tweet me :) .
yayayayay happy with good company :)
well happy birthday to ya =)
every1 go follow he is an amazing guy,and very very nice :) he desserved more followers :) 8
go and follow > < and ill give you a shoutout! just tweet me :)
can u not see my tweets can u follow back :d
i want #demilovato to be a trending topic too. :)
ole whispurr got himself some tonight! yeah baby! woot! woot!!!--not even back a full day and you have me losing my food :)
lol i always workout hard on the weekend too. :) but i definitely get my rest too. :)
those were the days. we were all so young and innocent, so eager, so fresh-faced and naive. now, all is dark, cynical, doomed. :)
wow..ajak ml? lol dia ngajak ikut mlm :) what shoud i say ? ajak maen sinetron brg (cont)
thanks so much for the #ff love :-)
:) <3 youu
every1 go follow he is an amazing guy,and very very nice :) he desserved more followers :) 7
shoutout for shoutout? :)
sorry bahah im talking to a lot of ppl.. lol wassup love?! :)
thank you love :) i'm a writer so it comes easily and natural, plus originality is...
ok tweeties, i have to get going. be good :)
hey hey now! :) just leaving the sturrdio..what r u up to??
hey is it possible that you could make me a new bg?!?! it would mean a lot! :)
if you follow me and send me your email direct message. i will check this for you and get back to you. (it is 04:55am) :)
every1 go follow he is an amazing guy,and very very nice :) he desserved more followers :) 6
and don't forget dolls. me discussing dolls is disturbing enough. more discussions would just summon a kraken. :)
<-- followw them their awesomeee! :d
*cracks up* i have to send it to my clients :d abt him. i *have* to be the good guy.
lovely song :) ...i'm gonna push it, push it, push it some mooore.
ice coffee =)
most welcome, evelyn. i'm well, suffering from internet downtime for a couple of days, trying to catch up. :) you?
always remember quality > quantity, every song recorded doesnt have to make the final project =) just the best #jussayin
every1 go follow he is an amazing guy,and very very nice :) he desserved more followers :) 5
you were on my awesome guys!! but you're amazing too. :d
spam me :) do ittt
did y'all see the finger at the top right corner of the pic joe just tweeted? looks like the nail polish demi usually wears :d
#demilovato was the reason i joined twitter :)
omg. thank youuu :d :d :d you make me smile so wide.
hey whilst you are in albany, my sister's house there is for sale if you want to buy??? :)
heather opened for chelsea when i saw her in dc. heather was great. have fun :)
no problem :-) i'm always here to make smile lol :-)
every1 go follow he is an amazing guy,and very very nice :) he desserved more followers :) 4
long time no chattage! i hope you've been well queen :)
it was rather cheesy, but i really enjoyed the blind side. life needs more happy endings! :)
yea i'm good :) thx lovey
not good, haha. x¸i hate the song, do you mind if we change it hun?? :)
just came back from jack in the box :d
i member that :) ah the good old days
every1 go follow he is an amazing guy,and very very nice :) he desserved more followers :) 3
not a whole lot of action really! :)
stations was great.. the dance, well 09 dancers just rocked it better =) lovely dinner at buona sera...
may or may not be raiding the chocolate bowl :d
nerddeck is better :d
simply precious. perfect moment. =)
niceeeeeeeee :)
:d morning!! have a great weekend :d
every1 go follow he is an amazing guy,and very very nice :) he desserved more followers :) 2
happy birthday to love you girl. :)
i like today's avatar much better :)
brb going on my other account for a bit :)
have a sick time !! gotta bail out say hey to nic goodwin for me :)
dinner and a movie two nights in a row :) last night i saw "love song" tonight i saw "ghost writer" loved them both :)
can someone list me ? i'm so close to 800 listed :d
she's my friends dog. she's almost 9 yrs. and only 3lbs. little stinker :)
just watched! great vid! :)
oh shit, it's like 5am! ok, i'm off to bed now. night guys! :)
dnt randomly smile at me, pervv, lmaoo nahh im just messing w. you cupcake :)
every1 go follow he is an amazing guy,and very very nice :) he desserved more followers :) 1
thanks for the #ff luv :)
hello guys, what sup? :)
eye see a new avi! :)
hey you can #juststfu too :) lmao
on bieber or die i recorded the 'i love you' bit and now it is my message ringtone lmao.... :d
yeah :) is he following you?
pshhh i adore you (drama)queen and you know this, maneee!! so #stawpplayin lol =) #besos
both are true, his candidacy & his filing for bankruptcy. this is too sweet. :)
wine makes everything fine.. lyrics pouring, notes soaring... poet and yes, i know it.. lol :)
its saturday, shinny day, crack a smile and join us (estranged) at the f1 concert at jln binjai near klcc this evening. :)
hi thank you for the inroduction =)
mmmm. it was nice. :)
when you look me in the eyes #jonasbrothers :)
that makes 89 cd's given away now from huge prize pack the night of the 100th cd giveaway. signed cd? maybe :)
when did jerry west purchase the #lakers :)
my dad told me tonight "i see great things for you"...i need so badly to hear that :-)
for those of you here on twitter who have my e-mail address or im un: please don't share with anyone before asking me. thank you. :)
it was so great to meet you too! and all the valuable sharing and connecting....just a beginning. :)
u said that u was done with jtv and bring with u 2 :d
r u reading it with a cup of espresso? lol reading #ccbook makes my heart beat faster than usual, is it normal rene? =)
havent they always had the spotlight?? :d #jonasbrothers
yeah re,we are hypocrites and you dont worry :) when it comes to uk,aisa kuch nahi hoga :d :d
if you're at wondercon come watch me moderate the panel for "happy town" tomorrow morning! :)
so is your life :-)
if you have any ideas for a new jemi or nelena story, tell me on my formspring: www.formspring.me/thenelenaworld :)
every1 go follow he is an amazing guy,and very very nice :) he desserved more followers :)
hey twin nice to see u again :) (@jonas4ever_gen live on
i'll cosign that-- i luv the way u dress :) !!!
