nice! were you awake enough to chew your own food? speaking of my #fail of course :)
just left my ol girl crib and put in that red velvet cake request--> yes and im stopping by to get sum! =)
you're most welcome! thanks for listing me! ~ :-) ~
yeah yeah... :( have fun tonight.. :)
i added u on fb :) ahahah (y)
sammy likes his new apps, doesn't he? lol :) -- love this one!
indeed it is, and i bet we will :)
yeh ill give it you tomorrow :)
getting my hair done for tonight! :)
maybe now, channel chihuahua, on the other hand, gold, baby, gold! :)
it's working now :) thank god...
understandably so. :)
i want starbucks :) tea sounds so bomb right now...
watchin this "boys with tattoos" video . i only date bad boys w/ tattoos :)
rt: i wonder how many of you will retweet my good morning to the world?
//me. late, or early. :)
i am. sports active bloggers that eat pizza on the weekend :)
good morning, its saturday already :)
ok now girl, things hav been abit mad but life has to go on right. :-) xxxx
this if you just love chocolate....easter eggs! yummy :d
did you receive the email?? :)
{p.s. your guide is in route to your office} ~ :)
thanks for the #ff :)
listenin to baby really loud in my office work :) mlia
i'm not sure those exist. :d
#ff >>> :)
ok. ima make sure i attend :) before its done!! cross my (cont)
love ya girl!! thanks for the ff love :)
i get the gist of it, but why not speak like a normal person? :-) who the hell outside of ms says, "what's your ask?"
woohoo, korean bbq with :) (@ san soo gab san korean bbq)
i lik those type of days :)
lol.. well since your funny & a patriot you can poke fun of my driving all you want ;) i think i am :)
click on and generous sponsors donate $$. click each tab. no cost to you. :)
pretty much my other living room :d
i dred the day my "boys" get engaged just call me selfish :) #allguyfriends
hard boil them! :-)
i think erica durance & tom welling have the best on-screen chemistry i've ever seen. :) #smallville
peter mulvey is playing in marblehead tonight.... anyone care to join me? :)
it wasn't open :)
#playdat! =) #nowplaying "pretender" -@fucksiergio
hey sugar :)
look at my baby :) i love u lool
yes, yes they are. lol :d do u like them? -tay
what do you think about my tweet below? click to like! click to dislike! thanks :)
home from vacation. 3 more days of freedom :)
thank you so much for following back :) <3
i consider the invader zim marathon on nicktoons a very good omen for my first night in the new apartment. ^_^
i love 5 dollar footlongs to! :-)
i'm looking at the world clock on google!! under 10 minutes to go! first 3 people to email juicecompetition@yahoo.co.uk woopwoop! :)
can't wait 2 see it :) it's so dark. sitting with a treatment waiting for cut n style
eu tbm te amo, fiotinha :) hinhin
lmao, thx for the heads up :d ya probably have 100 by now then im sure. hehe
that's why i switched to zsh. :-)
haha :) so who else do u support?
this is how i kno we family!!! -- family 1st :-)
great friday- i'm on break. :-) you?
follow me please? that would be amazing :)
had an amazing show with you are amazing :)
yes :)
seriously, thx 4 the love. your show's hilarious! i totally wanna judge an event in season2. i can be the black :)
become a fan of yourmusicsource on facebook! :) rt?
i was going for the truly living it bit but what the heck :)
awww damn!! maybe the summer time had a good time with my punkkk :) gtta do it again
have a good sleep. was a great night. :)
i'm following u back now too. hello back :) how art thou?
#pic finished product :) the babies are shorter :( feets done too.
aahhhh at starbucks :) venti skinny caramel macchiato for energy
just checked site. she's supposed to be playing in turhout on 5th april :) am tto tired to see where that is!
thanks a million!!! you are the best! :-)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 followers! i will choose 1-3 random people. [you must be following] let's see who i pick :)
i know, i just left a job as a ui visual designer :) onto nutrition coaching now!
what's shakin for your friday night? we're about to bbq and cheer up a friend who's been feeling low. got beer + snickers ice cream cake :)
goin to a party to night!! :)
hence the "despite myself." i'm happy for you and happy for me but you know, i'm pouring one out for the end of an era! =)
love this pic in the 4to studio :)
omg that will be a requirement! :)
tune into to on wkys im live<- :) 93.9wkys! <angie ange we da best
for those that normally take the lions gate bridge take the 2nd narrows as an alternate route out :) lions gate bridge is closed
q:do you like miley cyrus? a:yes! i love her :)
its mah birthday tomorrowww :) :)
that is fantastic. congrats! i will let you know when i'm in the area again- would def like to get together :)
oh, and if you give me an #ff i'll return 'em :)
heh :) as for twitter, you'll get the hang of it tim and dhruv picked it up quickly enough xx
steal them !! haha :d
i did indeed! =)
your my favorite online radio show!
i had blast..hopefully something cool like this happen at your radio show?:)
imagine that :-)
i followed :)
& thanks for the ff love. sending it right back 'atcha. :-)
aww thx :)
lol thank you :)
i love being back in listening realm. hello home :)
follow me back please lol i wanna find out who he is :) haha
y bad aint mean to u :)
happy easter to you. :)
okay, so now i'm *super* hungry! sounds so good :) enjoy, and happy easter!
the big "draw" though is apple have already "sold out" of course they'll make more. but... who knows. :)
*sits back and puff a...... * sorry mayor quimby :)
everyone have a good, safe friday night. pour it up tonight, then call a cab. then use thc :)
that's not strange at all. it's entirely appropriate and joyful. you are a whovian, sir. :d
i shall do my damndest. :)
heyy everyone :)
someone had a gr8 day!! :) holy shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #twitpict
thank you, you too! enjoy the games :)
i love chatting with beliebers :)
thank you :)
i must say that you are a very lovely and uplifting woman! <thanks so much! what a sweet thing to say. :)
pray4her :) p.s.a!! every0ne please excuse my friiiend shes drunk! ")--- cahahaha
so i hv heard it all... they are playing rain boots and a thong in the skating rink... wth.. /via <--oh yeah!! :)
forum goers can be so insightful. mostly dumb though. :)
thank you as always, yago. :d
i'm home!!! don't plan on going out this weekend & i'm happy about that :-)
thank you for your comment! :) x
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 followers! i will choose 1-3 random people. [you must be following] let's see who i pick :)
lol! praying 4 ya! he's gon' be a stubborn lil thing...j/k...he's gonna be thebomb.com! :-)
on my way to huntsville with sasha! : ) hehe
i love about olin i can email/ be emailed by people in any city and feel not just comfortable, but excited about hanging out! :)
all you smelly people go follow :) now ;d he's pretty darn awesomee ;)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 followers! i will choose 1-3 random people. [you must be following] let's see who i pick :)
tip of the iceberg! ;-) 1 900 ddub back rub . :)
up to deerfield beach! crabby jacks kiiiiid :)
going to london next week... i'm hoping for a little more hardcore than a bras band :)
on my way to the final 4. :) one thing i hate.. turbulance..lay over in denver. you know you're from denver if you eat elk or buffalo
btw, i've now watched all three richard hammonds...absolutely amazing :d 1st and 3rd episodes are my faves :)
thanks so much for the mention. :)
well, it was unused, so not that good. :d
party party party :d
thank you :-)
i think it might be dangerous. something like crossing the streams in ghostbusters. :)
haha yesss you were :d
i will be in ottawa for sure in the summer. :)
now following > :)
random follower :) thanks for follow back! how are you?
wait who the kid with justin & jasmine is christian aka little brother lol :d
have a wonderful easter! :)
the doctor is in, bitches. #supersecretmission20accomplished :)
-- i don't know. your last couple of tweets made me laugh. :)
back in sidney to see family for easter. have a great weekend everyone :)
joke apart, leave the milk to stand for 5-10min and if u find it bubbly the yeast is still alive :)
anything that is put in your way i know you can beat :)
going 2 pack...cuz im going out of town. hopefully its good weather so me & my family can take my dog to this dog gathering :)
u didn't need to... i'm allowed to... so like... unfollow if u don't like it :-) thanks (y)
i hv bn waitg 4 fallin since da 1st x i heard it 10/15/09 :)
if google can build that in html5, then we may not need flash after all. :-)
you liked it? :d
thanks same to you : ) awesome friend
lol :) i am waiting for 1k frames of background image to render out. eventually i will get this thing finished :d
leggings :) lol
#shoutouts 2 the new followerr : )
philadelphia patio furniture (jeffersonville): take one or all. the grill and umbrella stays. :)
thanksss :)
thank you =) if you have any ideas we are always opedn to them!
only 19 followers away from my goal of 4900 :) :) .. shoutout for shoutout ?? :)
yes, actually this week's been quite relaxing :) have you been able to take any time off for easter?
have a cookie :)
trish martins? :d
yessss finally shit! ur welcome! =)
when we chillingg??? :)
thanks a million! happy #followfriday to you also!!! :-)
its fun to be a loser! :d
one minute before? nope. must be on the 60th minute :)
poll results: tweeps are not interested in a big kids easter egg hunt. facebookers are. interesting :)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 followers! i will choose 1-3 random people. [you must be following] let's see who i pick :)
sweet. we're still getting 20mbps down at my mom's house in orlando. i'm pretty sure our bill says 1 down. mistake? i won't complain. :)
:) not sure if you noticed but we posted your nightwaves rec today....
hey :) what's good? ^^
hi olly :) i miss you :(... have you still got the teddy and fanmail i gave you??? hope ur okay!! see you soon xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
they are french tips :d
yeeahh its all good thoo i got every1 i need anyway fuck them :) lol
don't ask me why i'm excited to grocery shop tonight :)
follow me baack please ? :d and i have like 800... lol
follow alert! i have decided to follow for meeting the follow criteria -- loves apple, witty, and a sci-fi geek. :)
i love you so much, safe travels. have fun :)
haha send me the link :d
ah right, awesome. i'm hoping to get the day off work :)
meet my awesome friend who is corrupting the world with kindness that's her in a nutshell :-) #ff
she's never let me down :)
how about you folllllow.......................................... ? :) 8 more people c'mon
for a sec i thought your hashtag said #engaged not #enraged...so easy 2 switch letters! :)
ahhh :) miley did a good job and she looked so beautiful!
easter dress, heels, not like stripped but wedges, aero shirts, aero shorts, ambercrobie or however u spell it :) cont
can you please follow back? it would mean a lot :)
i will, thx! :)
ah! very nice pic w/ kh!! :)
what's good mama looking good in that pic <---aww thanks for the compliment! :)
5 minutes ago twittel
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 followers! i will choose 1-3 random people. [you must be following] let's see who i pick :)
thanks for the rtl!! =)
4 followers to go :-)
i just had the best idea for something to write about. am most, most happy. :d
you could have come down the casino james! :)
hello <- lol i was already talkin to u silly! but hi :) ha. how's my dinner comin along??
it's a puppy cut!! :)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 followers! i will choose 1-3 random people. [you must be following] let's see who i pick :)
yes, of course =)
i will and you too :)
thanks :)
yes it is! :) ima make another one now hahha ;)
that is refreshinggggg :)
we've been in our new home 7 weeks tonight! :)
the most hilarious thing ever! watch it now! :d
thaanks :)
