awesome! i'll have to get tickets! (are there tickets?) i'm getting a pacman tattoo too! best weekend ever! :)
2 more followers! jonas followers will be lovely :)
[twilight zone music] (skeptic) intro'd on abc's miracle story & rtd him on unrelated tweet at same moment :)
goun live in 10 mins on it's friday night: live with yours truly :)
u knoe ily more than most of these wifeys :d >:)
sweet :) i canna wait!
what u lot saying? :)
class is out, time to go run 5 miles :d
last time it was so good i almost crashed my bentley :)
you're right, my family should be thanking me for blasting #castle loud enough that they can all share in the greatness :)
yep :) thanks
lol i'm sure my dad would agree nan : )
pronto :d
completed my #vmworld submission.... yes, it's cloud related =)
you got it :) and dont u dare let go of my hand yet. i'm still not done & i need you
daddy :d
dude...it will have been like a whole two weeks! we will be long overdue for a f2f meetup :) #rewc is gonna rock!
that's something i can't share :)
aweesome: 3km walk/jog/sprint with the wife, followed up with an 8.5km jog/run afterwards. i am a little sore but feeling great :-) ♥☺♥
let me know how it is, if/when you see it. :)
#peopleshould get add me on this #ff!! lmao. let's do this! :)
thanks!! :-)
okay! :d tweet us! :d i freaking love ur videos man! :d :d
thanks dr :d sorry berisik goodluck hope one of u guys gets the ticket ;)
farm animals make me happy :d saw ducks, llama, horses, and a pony in toowoomba today!
:)
haha yeaaah :d
happy easter to you too. i hope you and the fam have fun painting/hunting eggs, etc. :)
dude this chat is boring. come in here beautiful. lol :)
please follow they will follow you back :)
*bout 2 go shower ! then watch movies ! and drink my *barbiejuice* ...lmfaoo ! welp . i llove you all my #teamminaj fans ! ttyl :d
thank you for the ffs :)
cool :). glad my work day is over,it was rough. enjoing just relaxing,doin the computer thang :)
american idiot is the best show i've seen in years!!!!!!!! amazeballs!! and no one better to see it with then my hot date : )
ipad is amazing, the product has yet to launch, but some people already have it, and some people had it :d
:d thanks alot, i wasnt sure if anyone actually saw em, how u?
follow me : )
she is out with melissa. i won't be drunk tweeting cause i ain't drinking! :)
#jonasbrothers yay! it's #1. :d
#nowplaying lights off :)
awww ok. well we're all looking forward to it nonetheless :)
yo friends. i'm heading to meguro rover from 12:20! callll me :)
ooo i'm glad you said that, i wanna see that tmrw :d
i'd say i was freaking out and my cheeks hurt from over-smiling lol :d thanks!
preview for your new show looks great! :d
hahaha!! yeah i don`t tell my brother :)
my and my youngest 6yr old brother are tweeting =p showing him how to type!
hey denny! thank you for the #followfriday shoutout my friend. i hope you have a wonderful and blessed easter. :-)
ill be at yo crib 2mm , i hope =)
jdbworldwide: ahha u btr be sorry! :) imma unfollow u now ;) jk... and nothing eating honeycomb cere...
haha. :) someday when you're coming through nc i'll make you a cake! promise! :)
soooo iconnn is beautifullllll :) <3
#ff follow them :)
mine is the 4th! :d haha close!
you know the city : )
gxxd lookn madre with th eyelashes :) ready to goo tnitee.. abt to hit it to
i just changed in my phone booth!!!! :)
attemptimg to see what the surf will be like at fagness beach for wednesday..and yes there is a beach called fagness : )
im good =)
have you been to one of her concerts? :d
cheers :-)
blow it out ross dawg! congrats man :)
awwww thanks hun, much appreciated :) besos
morning all :)
aww it was good seein da homie dready =) even if it was for two minutes lol
you're welcome, joe, thank you for your support. =)
goin to the movies :)
q: follow me on twitter ? a:yeeup , just tweet me on there & i will : )
that's the best way to go. have a great easter! i'm going to kick back and relax. hang out with the family. : )
smooth as a baby's butt. =) hahaha
thanks amy. have a great holiday weekend. : )
my pleasure guys =)
hey, thanks! :) nice shoutout from !! she's pretty dang cool
thanks hun :) me too i'm trying!
there sure is :0 encom were having a press conference & the #flynnlives crew went to infiltrate it :d
my pleasure! maybe let's see again next month. you-know-where.. :)
 i heard this cassie song today n the restaurant n i thought of < :) awwwww i feel the love
hey :)
means you eat at in n out too often :-)
which celeb? :)
any pushplay fans out there? i'm rocking out to them now. i met them. :)
i will take time to watch it and look forward to chatting monday :)
lmaooo she's 23 n she has a bf .u can hav monique tho :) matter fact how old is ur sister ? is she single ? lol
yeah somewhere in chinatown for vcn traditional dance haha wanna go with me? :)
it is almost tomorrow! me excited! :) my belly is filled with mexican food now. phood coma!
can i get 2 more followers?? :)
good stuff! :) trouble me :)
we will see uummm i dunk on girls lol as you will when we play that one on one :) (cont)
#ff <--follow =)
it never really gets above 90°. so i think texas is a lot warmer! :)
haha :p yeah she's lucky..justin is a fantastic guy true to himself :)
my camera's battery ate it mid-shot, but the sky was clouding over anyway. got one or two nice shots of trails though. :)
im finding out now, both shirts are in the wash! :d
congrats, roman. good to hear. :)
fact #34: when i told justin i loved him, he put a heart in the air and smiled :)
thanks man :)
going to bed early, then off to the airport even earlier. if i made plans with anyone for tomorrow, text me and remind me of them. night! :)
first ten people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/christian need to follow/dm :)
i think that if all my amazing followers gave me a shoutout i would get 19 followers :d
it is really quite a small world. i really enjoy her blog & your writing so it is quite serendipitous if that's a word :)
