i liked the book better...but the movie was still beautiful...everyone should see the last song. :)
u look like a mess! mandi gih! :p how do i look ? eh eh dimitri from paris mau dateng! :d
holly miranda and then steel train. :)
enjoy! :) great ep! :)
hello & good morning : )
u give it to me good..u could do it betta..u can make it wet..can u make it wetter..come n put that thing down on mee =) #twitterafterdark
q:hey!! what do u think about jb's mama?? ... a:umm, she's dah best mama ever. and right :)
follow back please :)
yes that grown women ish!!! :)
thx girl :) awesome! like the new page renovations
q:justin wud be a dilf but hes not a dad so yaaa...... a:what is a dilf?! :d
lol somebody go on what the trend and define that shit #juststfu =)
i turned off your tweets just until picks the winner! :)
was actually just listening to radiohead :) just a shitty nokia i'm using
about to watch love happens. :)
followed :)
thanks :) .. lol
sounds aweseome!! i just got an android phone too... :p how do we make it happen?? btw, hope all is well!! :)
word the food is like one of the best parts haha :)
bedtime! looking forward to hiit in the a.m. & live made fit tv show/chat noon : )
not only am i listening to good music tonight.. i also have learned of the good tattoo artists in town! :d #needmoreink
:) please and thank you.
what do you think about my tweet below? click to like! click to dislike! thanks :)
#np whatcha say acoustic :)
kaaay, goodnight. seeing #thelastsong tomorrow with & with 10 steps behind us. :)
happy birthday to my big cousin ♥ u sooo much!!!<thnk u baby cakes ♥ u 2 :)
thanks :) have an awesome evening and weekend yourself and see you at w00tstock in a couple w00ks!
thank you for your reply! arigatougozaimasu---!! :-)
thanks for going on twit scoble! good stuff :d
me too! i will have to make you some! maybe we should have an adobo crawl :)
:d #shoutouttodagirls who love tattoos & piercings! aheeemmm, &
lots of vampire eric :) just an fyi!! i can't wait to see it. i'm ready haha tudors starts on the 11th but not the same!
photoshoot sooon, hopefully all these anoying small ones will lead to better ones :)
i'm back on my shit :)
hey thanks! i'm just too tired tonight to search all of the boards :) twitter is my new research forum lol
okee followed, follow back ya :)
ask me anything! --> i love answeringg :)
heyy, bb. :d
who has tried new luxury liquid fndtn?? i am obsessed! i'm completely hooked! post coming shortly :-)
oh thanks , i knew your handle was familiar but didn't add it up until i visited your twitter-linked page :) yes, coffee-slack+++
finish? as in started, but didn't finish? how is that even possible? lol that ep was beyond excellence! enjoy! :) #smallville
i am soooo excited another dream come true : )
nothiiing, hbu? :) three but me and viv are the ones who mostly go on itt. eh, haha.
is yehya on twitter. i love both of you :d
lol yayyyyy adommy hugs back :) <3333
l0l :)rt:@jayy_solo rt okay so i still need 4 #followers :) follow her . she jus helped me get 3 followers in 1 min.
how did you know, lol :) rb "'deal goin' down' -zz top-" ♫
ohhh sounds fun! :)
omg have u ever had the biggest hershey bar in the world?? i have!!! its sooo awesome :d and yummy!!!
the more the merrier :) we like cams.
i agree! they play themselves everytime! : )
coz we to crazy to spin last nite joo hahahahahiii..rt ian, wassup bro? :) bro, u (cont)
hk hk hk .... oh did i tell ya hk :) (39th between 9th and 10th)
pleasure :)
:) so how are you?
thanks for the insight crofty. i was just curious. keep up the terrific work mate. :)
i'll share some. :-) i've got t-discs all over the place.
i guess i figured other nvc communities must have had jokes about that, similar to ours. :)
both are going, just have to get time to really get at them..same with orianthifans.com :)
being sure u guys'll make a great job all!! :)
lol my friend took her little angels to the zoo-now i sent her a virtual margarita and a pool boy :d
yea u should!! take a pick velvet, compound, life.... :-)
help me get 10 followers plz ??? =)
he is very nice...very cool hair too :)
awesome! yeah, all tips and tricks for camping are welcome. :)
yeah can wait to try out the berryfreaks theme so happy :)
yeah. spring just opens up a much nicer wardrobe selection :)
i need one of these everyday baby :) mhuaaaz =)
no, i'm not in the biz, i just have a good memory for interersting followers. :)
sureee :)
and also.. the chloraseptic is right by my side :)
i think it's the thought that counts :)
omg dont be :\ ! :) ppl loveee you <33...life is good :pp
dem baggy sweat pants and da reeboks wid da straps... she turn around and give dat big booty a slap :)
yeah, but surely some type of conduit has been opened :)
i feel like idek you sometimes :d ha but creative writing allow me to update my profile:d write my life away well ha n you?
you both are just truly awesome people and very genuine, i admire and appreciate that more so every day :) thank you
warning: bad word alert!! this is taken from my show in kc last weekend. :)
also! finally bought frames for art of (via: and :d
thank you!! *blush* :)
babe come to bongos behind the arena. say ur wit alojos list :)
i need constant reassurance. <<< "never doubt yourself. trouble comes when u dont realise ur good at stuff" :)
if i get twitter limit, i'll be on go follow over there please :)
i thought they were all cool :) thanks but i did not know why you send them to me
not yet but planning on going dt somewhere in a bit. keep checking in i'll findyou :)
got my emz back ! =) and now yall can talk to each other...sigh..finally.lol
happy bday :) <-- thanks sugar, i deeply appreciate the well wishes.
eat breakfast! freaking hungry. no food at home! :( at least mum's cooking now :)
he was a visionary :-) so sad. without him, i wouldn't be on this pc posting my tweet :)
q:hey=) a:ayeeee :)
right now its 12:26 :)
omg lol at least we're winning :)
oh yum! you've put an idea in my head. definitely hotxbun & cuppa time here. happy easter to you & your family. :-)
heh, i've got one up on you then, heaps of coffee and heaps of ideas :d (i'd share the coffee, but it's a bit far to the states.)
so do i. they would be so cool to have. :)
thank you! would love to hear your farm name! i'll post my green acres portrait soon : )
demi lovato bg for my sweetie hope ya like it! :d xo m
here's a pic of our new chadstone store! :)
that's good =)
nice church. :-) did jackson preach?
does your popularity as a detective ever overwhelm you with all these tweets from your fans? =)
thanks :d & idk i just wanted to
ive thought about it before honestly haha :)
haha 2 people. i did get mongolian beef! sweet and sour pork. lo mein combo. crab wontons. mmmmm :)
follow da lil sis shes reppin sodmg :) and shes kinda new to twitterr ---->
haha yeah i didd :) and thanks! its new xd haha i broke the cd case of the last so i bought a new one :p
what's your favorite movie? :)
: thanks so much ! :-)
justin bieber was so cute on chelsea lately :d
haha na its cool :) idc lol
follow me meatball marinaras!!!!!!!!!! lol :)
no prob :) ... what do you have planned?
awww m knows i ♥ her :)
go team ipod touch! :) ( i slam the iphone but love the itouch, i will buy the badly named new product)
ty for your kind : )
tp kl rumah,pengennya baby shark :d sama! i ♥ dolphin jg. dr kecil udh cita2 kl mgkn pengen (cont)
mean girlss :d best movieee everrr!
me and the easter bunny are just chillin! ..talking about all the kids that have cavities and are really rude to him! shame on you! :d haha
“really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great.” mark twain :)
happy birthday youre so awesome :)
new icon!! i made it but! credits goes to for the picture ;)!! thanks & love ya girl!! :d
i was just thinking of you today. :) trying to remember what day of the week i saw the webcast with you. monday?
one of my two god nieces :-) her name is kaylynn
um, that's not a bad backup plan, actually, it might be better than your first plan :)
thank you! may will be here very soon :)
for sure babe :)
not following you yet? what the heck! i'll fix that immediately! :-)
snick! :) those were the days when nick really had good tv! :) we were like the last generation to have saturday morning
feels good to have another chill night... kicked back watchin movies :)
his fake account was made for this weekend :)
preach it, layne... dem baggy sweat pants and da reeboks wid da straps... she turn around and give dat big booty a slap :)
i got you =)
:) ahaha yay that did brighten my day :d is that u in ur icon? if so ur pretty :d ahaha soo whats up?
so it took me an hour to walk home tonight... and it's about 2.8 miles... and i was half drunk still... so, that's actually not too bad! :)
lool youre such a loser :) too lazy to go watch it now, watching a cutie atm ;)
i should smile more often huh -- definately =)
the next 2 people that follow will get 10 shoutouts, listed & i'll dm justin for you 10 times! :) follow her!
: you are welcome :)
lol. i eat fish :d
hahaha cool :) and i am for usa chicago il and its 11:30pm here
could you follow me back? :)
im already following her :)
#happybirthdayparis <--tweet it #mjfam :d
its easy! and hope we can do it! :d
p.s keep tweeting #jonasbrothers #honorsociety #jonastour2010 a lot. :d
despite a number of things, i am really happy right now :)
you are as the name suggests :-)
way too much rosé. that stuff is deadly. but nice. :)
that's what i like to hear :)
#shoutouts2theboys who don't hit qurls :)
s mom should win best mom award :d ...
have fun! :)
thx hun. much appreciated. hugs :)
wow! new business segment for itc :-)
wow, that is so sad. makes you really think, ya know? :)
fair enough. i'm happy that you didn't end up getting the kindle :)
is in church on a friday night. #notcomplaining though. :-)
yeah i know lol. i was just kidding :)
enless yo azz dnt care. then in that case u shouldn't have gotten into the sit-e-ation. :)
:) thanks u for back the shoutout (:
haha! :)
#ff my awesome va sisters & :) {you're awesome too!! ♥}
anxiety sufferer thinks too much. that is because we are so darned intelligent & creative, we can think ourselves into quite a mess :-)
anytime :) same. thanks!
*laughs at your narrator skills and hugs you back while flying* i love this! :d
q:oh , you know . me and jessica , yeah . we are bamf (; ... a:hmmm...jaimie? :)
no :)
any time :)
just ate some of dem ..... i ♥ hot wings , it aint no party unless you got hot wings my nigg =)
glad to hear it you're following :-) #twitjazznet
photo: it’s the little things that make me smile.. :)
thanks :) <3
happy birthday :) mines on easter :)
good job, becky! :-)
yea me an my girl jus moved into a house.. her dad own it so we got it on the super low!! we be kickin it. hard :)
what i'm having :) remy martin v.s.o.p... chilled, no ice.
thank you for the follow! :)
i am sure you deserve no. 1 too.... you need to pimp yo'self more! how are you doing anyway? sunny as f here in nz :d
oh okay thankyouu :)
who has around 10,000 followers or more & wants to do 25 for 25 ? :d
when are you going to make a country album :)
hahahaha. he's a sweety. idk :) great interviewer i had fun that day
u go get some girls, & bring em to me...be my lil freak...---yessss :)
we're all moving :) (via
how do i get back on the group hug list again? :) hiya
oooh, sweet! i did not think to check there. :d tyvm!
is entertaining lol she tweets random stuff :) and has contests
haha it was a lot of food, which was good, though. :)
in the bus with nickkkk :)
luckily your search for something better will turn up nothing and you'll just move on to season 2. :)
how much do you #believetyra ???? >>i believe tyra inside nd out ^_^-- hahah i love it!!! :d
yes :)
party on, girlfriend, party on. . . . :) // i wuv you!
can you guys please sign this it'd mean a lot :)
haha! i was just waiting for that part before i go to sleep :) so funny...
check out ladylane & april 16 club woodies in escondido! if you ain't seen us rock the mic yet, don't miss this chance too!!!! :)
this and this :d #shoejoy
#mysatfollowthing :-)
