he got me say oh oh oh oh oh my god xd lol. sexxxxxxy! :)
recanting my angst. nbc running who do you think you are? after baseball, at 10:00. i can do that. :)
sounds fun :) my cousins are coming tomorrow i haven't seen them in 2 months cause they live 2 hours away.
oh lol i get you. is a write-up on the internet? i wanna read about it. :)
hahaha yes :) wierdness makes us cool (: <33333
you just made my night :d aha thanks for following, i was losing alot of followers
lol thanks :)
yeayy!!! i love all my followers!! hope i make u guys smile::: u make me smile 24/7 :-)
wrong channel! hahahahaha :-)
lol! enjoy! go buy an ipad. :-)
gracias my dear :)
oh. damn. i'm going to be totally schizo by the summer! :-)
i did like the cat, i confess. :)
who loves #jgf : ) #jgf
you owe me those and those awesome pancakes next time i see you :)
i hope you do to! its such an amazing experience. im so thankful i was able to see her :)
just took a huge swig of castor oil :( followed by orange fanta, shrimp, and a pickle : )
i will have to check. :)
good night everyone sweet dreams bye :)
the skies have parted.. let the reign begin :)
lol sillyness is a good thing :)
your welcome :)
19 away from 1,100 <3 thank you so much :d
yeahh :)
the only show i watch is grey's anatomy, which i heart :)
missed u too sweetie :-) hope one day u put a smile on my face by giving a reply :-) until then,love u n gd luck
hellloo =)
ty 4 :) was trying to find yours for reprave again!
when i have it in my hands, you'll be among the first to get a demo :-)
#ff my besterest i love him, & he agrees that i hav a cute speed bump :) lol any girls that want him hav 2 go threw me 1st!
#peopleshould ( especially females ) should masterbate more & stop being whores :) <<<<agreed whores
i'm still on trying to chat w/ you! :)
and then there were 8 ;) #comma #time :). ~~ give my friend a follow, a comma would look good on him! :-)
congratulations on reaching~~~> 1000 followers <~~~~ :) #gff
#love #gratitude : )
i like the new pic! happy easter to you guys. :)
glad to hear that. yeah, haven't seen any tunes from mark in a while. maybe they took the party off-line :)
i'm still debating... don't feel like driving, no one to help me into my latex, the usual :)
o..m..g it smells so good in here! matt is gettin' down! :d
hey beautiful :)
like humpty im spunky and like my oatmeal lumpy =)
+1 they made rockin' works kook.. :) i don't get all the hate they're getting, though. hmmm. #nickelback
estoy bien :)
heey will you follow me back please? :)
haha k 10 for 10 :) i will get you to 1,166 and you get me to 2,713 :)
#ff thanks 2 u ryan :-)
thanks for the ffs, everyone! i hope you all enjoy the weekend! :d
his recent short story was laughably bad, so i hope they teach him something! :)
knicks/warriors gm :-)
lol. hell naw i'm not... it's to fye to change!!!! =)
ooh okay kool ; & just tweeting & watching t.v. =)
haha! we just bought another one today :) hehe. i forced my dad cuz it was the last one in target and the last ones case broke :p
done writing captions, always hated writing them, can't people just enjoy photos and videos without them? :)
paparazzi is playing, but im not a huge fan of ptn events. i'll be playing beat tomorrow :)
that is perfect for the chicken ranch or tiger woods bedroom :)
no i am too! it looks funny :)
and there are scented nail polishes. maybe i'll post on em :)
rum and coke it is. was calling to me. : )
well u already kno my loud ass gon b there yelln :) haha n ur so welcome what$ (cont)
thx 4 #ff <3 :)
i wish i could see jb faces when they saw #jonasbrothers was a tt :)
liking both of those :)
why is why did i get trending they didnt finish it so i will finish it for them #whydidigetmarried2 :d thats better
#ff ppl :)
checking :)
thank you.. i have something fun to ask you : )
aw sorry it still thanks pearzy sweetie i love your too :) ilysm :') <3
that's awesome. i have been good, the only thing that would make me better is if i could find another job.... :-)
chilleeennn :) you?
thank you very much for the :) happy easter & have a safe one too take care!!!
thank you :)
going through melbourne melbourme ;( go to syndye next time!! :d
hahaha, ok, c u there! :d
i would kick your butt at lazertag! bring it on! :d
im in love with ure pic girl!!! i miss him. you look so happy!! =)
if the beginning of the season mattered, the cubs would be in the world series every year... :)
welcome :) & y don't i have to give u anymore shoutouts?
i saw my first bumble bee of 2010 and laid out in the sun today. the year is just getting better :)
cool :)
i don't watch tv at all really and i am a fast reader :)
i think imma watch remember me :)
headed to the movies with :::i hope ur girlfriend see's this tweet::::: ooooo well-- ur 2pretty4him :)
hey hey :) i'm following you!
welcomeee :)
you don't look old enough in your photo to have grandchildren! :)
move to ca and we can watch coach's corner and drink pink sparkling wine together. that's the ultimate glamorous life! :)
naaw u didnt hurt me ;) aha i knoow :d
super! main bhi hopefully aaj karunga :)
well, is lucky to have you as such a loyal viewer. enjoy the show. #sgu :)
okay.. i'll check in here, since it is on the list now :) (@ taman kota bekasi)
oh, you had one of those awesome screw-to-your-desk lamps! i love them :-)
i gave up all that stuff, rather happily :)
thanks, mark. you've been one of the highlights of my twitter experience. so thankful our paths crossed. :-)
thanks for the rt! :) --you're welcome!
no es nada grave :)
thank you! :)
thanks! :d #bones
juhs qott to my #daaads house :)
coool on the front page of twitter :d
and the better the barbituate the darker the chocolate. don't know why but that's my rule. :)
hahahaha...we should include u in the gansito addict shoot :-)
it wasn`t that long :)
everyone follow good shit :)
#nowplaying "forever" :) makes a great day, an even better night!
lol, i try..i try  just ran into at the mall :) and he got me 2 followers in 2 seconds lol
don't be jealous i have more than double your followers :)
smart ass. (but yes, yes i did) :-)
lol nope, she has been txt tweeting & i am enjoying this show as well ha,ha :)
lord, you died for me. i live for you! i know you love me, because i love you! :-) amen!
follow ---> :)
answer me :)
haha seriously, it cures sore throats, hiccups...and some other random things that small child whines about here :-)
i didn't say nut long i said musels =) haha i have no clue what a nut long is ask chaz he'll tell you i'm sure =) haha
who wants to help me get to 300 followers? :)
at a restaurant with my loves :)
hehe =) hope all's well, man! what the heckers is a tustin guy mayoring in santa ana?
:) the big problem with the trolololo meme is that i can't get the song out of my head every time i hear it!
my friend liz is like you. she can wear a gray or wheat color and make it just pop. you are rare birds. :-)
#followfriday she's amazing! i adore her love towards & her icon is beautifulness ♥ :)
so in the mood for some bell =)
oh just saying bye to a lost follower. i realized too late how that sounded. sorry! :)
emng ceksound kapan ?? :) punten pang cekson keun a indra.. hehe..
third place in home game tourney. part of buy-in goes to ms charity, so i'm doing my part too. :)
we make cutting weight look good :) umm ........
luckily your wife is gorgeous,cause capri corderoys and these pics :) ga_
thanks hun & its coming soon, i got you ! =) ..
it's very hard to see the silver lining in difficult times... but trust me... there's always an opportunity for better :-)
east coast has all the creeps :)
aww, that's nice :-) btw, i really like your new avatar. cool.
i would yes. good thing you and goseki are so in love with each other. :)
can i have a shoutout?? :)
followed :)
#ff my list ~~>>@iggy7thhero =)
lol glad to know my shoutouts work okie :)
still got cardi to end the night also :)
woo!! congrats on your follow! i'm so excited for you! :)
haha. nu weer thuis dudes. was dik. vette visuals. :-)
lol! did you see that movie? i'll be waiting for dvd :)
thats a cool name too. :)
suree :d
selamat pageeeeeeee esteeeeeduabelaaassss slmt pagiii indonesia :)
goodyfriday=goodyjuice! fresh pineapple,cucumber,celery. bliss-in-a-glass! :)
madness can also b enjoyed but when it gets silly u suffer :)
awwww thanks for the 'thumbs up' babe! :) xxo
i made it through this!!! hahaha! ok, gonna "swim" now. laterz! :)
time heals all wounds, good lady. chilled vodka helps while one is waiting, however. :)
follow back ?! :)
rotflmfao! omg! you speak my langauge! i so love you! =)
oh k ure early :-)
love that movie- one of the best :-) parkes radio telescope.
it will do both :)
wow took another long delicious shower no hot water left :)
sexy! those hoes should of been in a 11 or 11.5....ugh they be hating on us...smh! :)
i did not know this! haha since when? :d
aww thats good :)
sound is broken and "only" 20fps, but it's undeniably quake 2 in a freaking *browser*. that's very shiny indeed :)
no problem! can't have ya all sick and not feeling good! i won't allow it! :)
'better off ted' is in the current top 5 of eonline's save one show campaign! keep voting :) →
those are my top :)
love it!! :)
this is like the 453105413157 time that i'm watching high school musical :)
+ i will be in #vegas. especially, to eat cake, ice cream + gold :) 1 year anniv. yes, i said gold.
that sounds good!!! :)
okay ill dm justin,ryan, and christain for you ! :)
that's funny that is what everyone does when they see me :)
you are welcome :)
:-) oh yeah, and i miss your face... can u fix that?
haha see i am the opposite. i never want to go hang out, just sit at the coffee shop all alone :)
ok... its 4am i'm tired. goodnightttttt <3 :)
i'm going to join in on your movie quoting, just thought i'd tell you :)
i am good with either. actually, it's much easier for me to get to foxwoods, but i'll find a way. :) btw, can't find your email=
woohoo, look forward to it :)
i believe we will :)
aw * hugs my phily * :)
recipe delite update healthy raw food recipes cutting coconut meat 4 salade capraiza raw food recipe :)
thanks for the #ff :)
hey matt, thanks for the congrats and the rt! was happy to get that news today. :)
about to start my yoga class =) brb
ahaha ikr but ayee watch ya mouth aha jkin datsz all mines doee aha =)
lol, it's just a movie, isn't it =)
omg.. lol thnx ^_^ omg is hella cute tooooo
thanks love! :) i sure will make fun of this year!
i love my twitter friends :-)
follow me back! :)
well flippin sod! thank you kindly! :-)
thank-you :) so when is good for you? easter will make this weekend a little crazy for me.
➽“i was born with an enormous need for affection, & a terrible need... to g i v e it!” ~audrey hepburn #quote =)
he got me sayin* oh oh oh oh oh my god xd lol. sexxxxxxy! :)
this made my day :)
okay, thanks so much. i'll let him know. :) hope to see you at summit if i can make it!
i turned on the tv hoping for a good song on mtv hits... nope. so. #whoiam will be playing :d
a great song for saturday mornings :)
aww it's okay you're welcome :)
ok.. then when i get home ill call u =)
my #runnersworld came today eeeeeeek can't wait to setle into bed and read it :)
:) hope youre having fun at hotel fig as i study for my microbio final doll. be safe. xoxo.
okay ill dm them for you :)
oh can i say? your texts make me smile. seeing your name appear on my phone makes me smile. you make me "shine" aww :)
exactly :) & dats a gud thing
np :) i luv jasminators :)
:) thank you. plan today is with mum. will go out for her check up and then a movie and dinner outside. pizza today :)
