*thumbs up very lady like i almost just got irritated then i checked myself #nopoint :)
watching misfits!!! i love showcase right now :d
things r wonderful :) how about u hun? your twitcon is cute by the way
remember it doesn't matter where you are, it's who you are with that counts. =) *hug*
#nowplaying rude boy :d
please follow me back :)
of course! haha lizzypoo, shirly, amanda, savannah and martha are here! :d
thanks birdie :) i'm excited... it looks a lot more natural than i was afraid it would.
good nite all. tomorrow is a new day.....and a saturday! :)
followed, thanks :)
i know i am being really really silly but its so exciting :) shit haha an i bothered.... quite awfull really
sip, welcome darl :) off deh, thanks
#nowplaying awesome -plies- my boo :-)
great getty pics :-) i live a couple blocks from the new york botanical gardens.. and across the street from the bronx zoo :)
thanks :) you too
easter egg hunt at my pastors house sat!! then hoh skillet and toby mac next week with the 2 kyles the twins and brooke!! :) yey!!!!
lol funny how he says that he loves scenes where he says nothing, and he laughs so prettily :)
check out goodreads debut ya and mg list and vote for personal demons and all your faves!! =)
in the movie with the girls eating johnny rockets :-) nuffy acting like this her first meal ever!!//yhall g0t big m0ney huh
note to self... bring holy water when meeting don. got it... ahem :)
you spoil us too much happy easter to your whole crew :-)
which way r u looking? like did u turn around than picked... ugh hard to explain... know wat i'm saying?! lmao :d
you're missing out! :)
eating zesto's and watching the lord of the rings . life couldn't get any better =)
is in love with newcastle. :)
ms. dyosa showing na ng bily i miss you na take care always.. :)
hey...hey...hey...hey.. me plus you, i'ma tell you one time .. me plus you, i'ma tell you one time =)
nanaaaaa gaboleh gitu iiih :( those girls will be so happy if we break up. i wanna see them happy :d
hihiiiiyyy... suit.suiiitt.. ba cinta.cinta ee drg :d hehe.. mantap ! agista justitia maramis ♥♡ skrivel reinhard wowor
that's wassup haha.. hella looked like cough syrup haha! sounds good. =)
: #nowplaying that girl by chester see. love it :)
need timeee :) butt too partii haha
text me when you get home so i know you made it alright :) pleeaaase :)
jim jones revue were truly awesome tonight... totally ripped rock a new one... :)
tks! :)
yeahhh :) how was your day?
i guess a lot of coffee will be required. :)
ahhhh. haha this is so suspenseful.. :)
hahaha they like came up to my car...it was funny. but yes it should be :)
eating and watching #nightatthemuseum :d love this movie haven't seen it in forever!! 8d
thank god you have to continue your vw growth, all your sl skills are fully usable & thank u 4 being u =) <3
i'm crazy for you and you know it's true... la la la (8) :)
ok well ima go cause i want to read && i cant concentrate here so goodnight people! talk to ya in the morning :d
staying up late! just because i can :)
good night : ) xo
#listeningto nutbush city limits-bob seger & the silver bullet band...live in detroit...oh yeah...sunbed bopping under the palm tree :)
follow mee pleasee! :d #jonasbrothers
"tits and tats" lol! your mom sounds great. :)
#jonasbrothers we are the best fans in the world :) we have to be proud :)
mmmmm :) time to take a nice long warm bubble bath :) wit pink bath water & glitter :) :) :)
kinda anxious about the fight: "benji madden vs rikki rachtman"... go benji! go! :) we love u!
sorry for the anti-twilight rant, hope i didn't offend anyone. my dislike for all things twilight gets out of control from time to time :)
awwwww! u r te bestest but as far as i'm concerned. c is the goddess of the religion i follow :-)
^_^
thanks :)
yu welcum :) !!!
after bankruptcy :) how to get the best auto loans after bankruptcy | loans & lending: losing everything bankruptc...
this if you're loving fact tweets :)
follow she is the best follow her :)
hey, thanks. sorry i've been going through tons of rough shit lately. but things are looking up :) how you been?
beers and fun :) (@ the cat's eye pub)
lmao tell her to fall back , honestly is the best policy :) be a little rude if you have to
both go to mumbai, boy solves both the problems.tamanna was awesome in the songs :-)
this is me asking anissa her colors: "its banana! i mean yellow.." :)
most viewed video of the day: joe's birthday & kevin dropping the cake =) pls retweet!
niceee :)
:d fantastic day <3 i loves you so much. :) has a good easter!
pleasure :-)
aww! ok when he on i will help ya :)
marking done, washing done, dishes done, dinner in cooking. friend semi-cheered up. productive day so far :)
btw: i ♥... voice all day running around in my head! :) is like..a really good feeling!
happy easter everyone (or spring day) color me some eggs you pagans! lol! :d
ughh she not taking me to get not food lol :-)
yo iguaaaal qe cute c vee! quiero ver the last song ! :)
i love 'the last song' :)
my good friend wud love my new text message ring tone =) lols
:)
breegear:they better have oz dates!
me:they should! if not that means we arent appart of the world which is ok cz likes aliens
:d »rt ure forgiven.. :) oya sowiie now :( »rt im going to (cont)
477 :) 3 more ? ;)
after bankruptcy :) car loan after bankruptcy – how to get a car loan and rebuild your …: you just completed filin...
i think i have 151 lps songs :'d they dominate my itunes,followed by muse :d i like your media player
hahaha this is so alanah cause you said cbf :)
much love and respect to my new follower and friend <--gracias! the warm welcome is much appreciated :)
thanks ndi. buntelan bgt emang si sofia itu :)
you're pretty humble for having just *saved somebody's life!* :-)
up to the bar :d
ok now im bored, entertain me, give me things to do :d
if you love the jonas brothers and i will list you! :) #jonasbrothers #jbworldtour
thanks bro =)
:d thank you kindly.
shoutout for shoutout? :)
i posted something to the ciao wall. :)
let's do something ? :)
darlin' youuuu send me..............to taco bell mmmmmmh :)
is hosting starhub mobile's 10th anniversary fair day 2 suntec hall 602 from 12 noon! :)
sound trippin' :) ~i <3 "dauhtry" whoa i loved every song that he sings:))
thank you :) thankyou cantik,enjoy jakarta!<3
the more tired i get, the louder i turn it up.. sorry neighbors :d #asot450 #trancefamily
definitely not forgetting my inner youth just the parts i gladly omit. :-) ♫
that means you should stop now before you use up all your luck. :)
rt: mahh husbandd ihss ah cutiee . <--- & so are you ... my wife =)
aww man!.. lol<~but it will all be worth it :-)
thanks for the #ff mention! :)
then call me :) lol
i think i need to invest in a vibrator lol =)
awesomenesss.. jab successful ho jaye, toh first one mere liye.. i can be the guinea pig :)
okay :d your doing veda too?
alright :)
most viewed video of the day: joe's birthday & kevin dropping the cake =) pls retweet!
shes my bestfriemd im already following her :)
o. m. g. it's so adorable!! thank you so much my artistic little booshie dear! i'll give kiki hers the next time i see her! :)
my back won't pop for shxt«-- oo let me walk on it :d
you ova dere jammin..like u tryna set up sum action..lol =) ---- nah just feeling nostalgic
that "convention" is there every weekend night throughout summer. also nice seeing you in passing. have fun! :)
going to bed early tonight .. thank you all for the follow fridays love u all xoxoxoxox and welcome to my new follower :d night all <333
i hope you are having fun with michelle at the show! :)
what about me :( he gets my unconditional love :)
together for a romantic evening. :)
just saw in the preview for the lottery.... lmao so going to see it! im jealous about that kiss though :)
me too && on aim :)
hi amelia, i do. :) even wrote an article about it last week, sharing some user experience about buzz ~
thanks girly =) u goin out?
youu welcomee . : ) {fa sho
qan ini qu d4h t3m3n4n s4m4 k4mu di twitt3r world... :) *omaigat, somebody stop me pleasee* maoo (cont)
fact #59: justin takes 4 pills every morning and they are all vitamins :)
i fucking love this shit.!!!!! : do you skitz! im behind you 100% :)
don't forget and for australia :) they're awesome!
your dress was prettier than mine. :) good seeing you whit!
would have been better if had the book upside down. :-)
lol sweeet xd i think :d hahahah :p
but being younger would be nicer :)
congrats whats ur major? ====> peace, queen :) i'm a sociology major. as an emcee, i now feel better informed
"vocal stylings" in my best announcer voice. :-)
hey twin :d what's up? sorry i didn't reply before.
love roadshow, keep thinking i have something of value :) alas, the roseville pottery i have with the dogwood pattern won't
workin at c9 tnite. come n preparty here... :) before going to grand opening flight
there's nothing i'd like better. :) *holds close*
sure let me just finish up with someone else :)
i needed this thank you :) ♥ don't let anyone control your happiness! it's up to you :)
you need to watch some sponge bob. :)
like 2012 :d
enjoying my weekend in helena with my parents and finley-she and i miss already :)
:-) yes we r,n i want the first tweet :)
thanks for the rt's guys! really appreciated! :)
e' stato divertente cm sempre :) :) :) :)
change of plans.. we came to katsuya tonight for dinner instead! :)
thanks so much! :d
haha....you're such a flirt. :)
why do you say that? :)
nvm! its back :)
hope is good-and you do aim high! :)
rofl. nahh, except getting a magazine w/ justin shirtless :d ahah. ;p yoou?
i found laverne and shirley online w00t w00t :)
you're too young for #twitterafterdark barb :)
*follows* yeah. :) *neck chuu*
marco's family's sponsoring this event.. hahahahha :d
awesome! thank you! :)
and thank you! it was very nice to meet you, too. i need to go to those things more often! :-)
*blushes* :) & awww nice to know ur happy sweetheart :)
haha yeah, i love it. :)
"im age. 18" "im youtube :d " ahaahahah so foreign
and now i want fried pie :)
wanna know why? ... because i am little. :d
:) no prob
lol! hahahah you'll think of somethin.. :)
i want to thank everyone who sent prayers and well wishes. words can't describe how much i appreciate it. : )
copeland right now. :)
mau tau alesan ap lg yg dipk pr ank2 setan kl nanti mu dibantai chelsea? plng wasit or injury timenya kurng lama.. oh y rooney cedera!! :d
check out goodreads debut ya and mg list and vote for personal demons and all your faves!! =)
that's good :) i've never been interested in fb even when pple ask me to join -- i just use e-mail 4 family & close friends :/
lmao, you will watch this ur first day be patient -_- lol j/p but you'll get there fast watch lol give it time =)
follow back? :)
wynter gordon puts a smile on my face...love her music :-)
once i'm in cali i better be one of em! :p and if you want any help you know i'm here! :) <3
i'll try =)
it's one reason i'm glad i'll only have guys working for me, no whining! :)
aww man im sorry 2 hear dat but im sure it will heal :)
i want to do a feature on you for my humanitarian blog! follow so i can dm you! :)
aw thank you! and i miss england so much too! im enjoying my family a bit cause i was 1 year without seeing them :) xx
i will help. i love taylor :)
so nice to meet you at the game today! glad you enjoyed your time down here!! :)
fellow beliebers, let #jonasbrothers get a tt for once. :)
#shoutout2dagurlz who fucked in college >> i'm coming back on campus 2morrow to get my refund bitches ha! :)
your welcome :)
i got ur text yesterday but it was a vrooooom vroooooom kinda day! lol. ur right tho, we need 2 stop talkn 'bout it.... :)
doing good. you? :)
lol right...i still bringing u on babes havent forgotten about u :-)
yep, same one -- pretty much made a full recovery... she now has a badass limp :)
birthday? happy bday, mama :)
"constantine" bro =)
i would love to :) #twitterafterdark
so everyone's kool yh? good :-)
#ff :d
follow dr. bell :) instant class. --->rt what do i have to do to get more followers? what do people want to see or hear?
have a great easter weekend :)
haha okie i was wrong :p its not disgusting :d youre so pretty :)
oia hehe happy birthday ya :) ucapin bebrt cie hhaha (cont)
holllllllaaaa lol she thicka than a snickaa ¤ #ff she truly is thicka than a snicka !! :d
haha look what i did to my phone :) #teamiphone
