mmmm, dove dark... i couldn't take that away from dan :)
hey thanks guys! a little sunshine at this late hour :)
that it is. :) *chuuu~*
its okay ! i'm reading it now :)
im still fond of the clockwork orange or full metal. :p ahh, good times good times!!! :) give em hell jayden!!!
yes! thank you so much for coming over! i love you soo much! say hi to your dad for me!
love always, g :)
don't let the man keep you down! do the blog if you think its a good idea. :)
haha moe remembers me :) everytime i pass by jamba juice i think of moe.
nooo thank you for the follow beautiful! :)
knowing that you've loved by someone makes every morning worth getting up. :) #ihatequotes
lol my friend got a flat tire on our way back so i'm changing it :)
thankyouuuuuu bung :d happy birthday happy birthday ayuuuuuuuuuuuuu :)
aww ty! i'll be fine eventually :)
yeah :/ but you are a great friend i really love you :)
class over, now heading out to rehearsal. i haven't met the dancers yet, so this will be fun :)
yuppp :) of the song " down " ?
yessir :) thnks hun
your pic is gorgeous btw! gaga is beautiful :)
you are welcome! :)
well when you move here in 2 months we'll watch it together :)
is the cutest kid ever ♥ :)
shouties for shouties? :)
you r welcome :)
fyi #4sqday story/team made the news (print that is :) great chatting w you last nite :)
great :-) got sum great deals :-) finally back home now :-)
all of you the best 4 the rt's & #ff! :) ^@24k
i was feeling really photogenic in the bathroom of this club :-) and yes pardon my tits! 
thank you!! your too cute :)
yang cantik yg ganteng ayo follow yaa :) please bantuin rtin :)
that's good & lol, that's funny, but congrats :)
just watched take a lie detector test on, "gene simmons family jewels". the george clooney question... clearly a yes :)
thank you, back at you #ff for a smart brain! :)
haha. omg jon u always make my days so much brighter! love ya lots :)
client sales page done until she approves. ahh, that feels awesome to get done :)
i'm late! but thanks sirr! i really appreicate that! :) didn't know u were gettin surgery. glad it went well tho j
yeappp! haha hby? :)
thank you =)
april is the month of winners :d we are greatness!!!!!!!!!
its okay :)
that's the title of a songg, err. sort of. :)
my mom works for avon =)
pernahlah! sering malah! mank g pnah hank out y? hehe :) weleh2..sgitunya..
oh yea =) just being creative turns me on, better than sex. lol i love making magic as mj would say. but oh yea? sounds like
i should probably go to bed...but i'm on a roll with my "editors' choice" section of harper's bazaar i'm making for my portfolio :)
thank you :)
follow please ? :d
:) #blossominthedust if you are tires of me tweeting so much unfollow me idc it's for mallary!! :)
i'm hoping to sell the servers rather than biff :-)
st. louis, the states. it's been raining here tonight. it's nice, kinda perfect actually. not too hot or cold. :d
i love when you get all serious :)
eeek!! 9 more until 1100!! :)
follow me!!! i wanna get to 100 followers b4 i go to the cherry blossum thing!!! please!!!!! thanks if you do <3 :)
did climb a mountain yesterday with me my friend. :)
haha looooky what i'm eating :) lol i just had to twitpic it.
gtg ill ttyt. love you :)
if you follow right now ill dm justin for youu ! hes dmed 7 people i sent. tweet me if you follow, gooo :)
my channel would like 1000 subscribers. currently it has 37. get the hint? =)
10 for 10 is when i give you 10 followers and you give me 10 :)
you sure? they did it in the same room as his poster, or did they cover him up before that? how thoughtful. :)
i've been getting so many #ff's!#elated big time. what's do next is follow all these goody tweeps back soon. i need wishes 4 exams :d
damn i had to get rid of two in one week..usually when this happens, someone from the past comes back w/ a vengence :)
&tweet portland-style w/red mountain wines…april 13, 6-9pm u want go? ur invited :)
sooo 1850 followers lol, quite cool :)
finally finished writing for the day, wrote two great posts but they took a long time, enjoy! especially proud of my hair post :-)
questions? ask them hereee :)
thanks so much for the birthday wishes and the phone call kristina, looking forward to your red velvet cupcakes! :)
ty for comments dude =)
following ya... do follow back :-)
awh thanks :)
lakers holding a 75-67 point lead heading into the final quarter. /via yeah baby yeah :-)
both really huge fans. :d
just helping out the "new guy" at his new gig. ;-) and besides it's the truth. :-)
hey blue, thx! :)
thanx for da shoutout :d
crushin! :)
ok barbz just for the record i do not go with i repeat i do not go with him.. so do you :)
happy and with love r my fav :) ♥♥♥ gosh i can't belive it been 3 years so fast :(
hope all's well with you! happy weekend. :)
im good... :)
yaaay :d but youre the only one :/ i will ask some more okie ? :)
*giggle, snort, chortle* muahahaha! :d
no he does that after hours in his private time :)
nice meeting you alley stripper! :)
tomorrow is going to be bomb!! cant wait =) later twitts!
american idiot is the best show i've seen in years!!!!!!!! amazeballs!! and no one better to see it with then my hot date : )
i wannt sumthinn too eat :d something sweet
following ya... do follow back :-)
i want a matching twitter name with someone =] | mee too :)
thanks for all the pac-10 updates! what a day! will be interesting to see how this effects the rankings. keep 'em coming =)
get owned! i would be crying sweet qq's if i were you! lol! :d
wow! superdad :-) fix breakfast
drive kids to kendo
vacuum
laundry
pick the kids up
cook lunch
twitter <= now! .....
hi~thx. no use complaining i guess but it's day 3 and it's getting to me :-) contemplating flying home tomorrow instead mon
*laughs* damn straight we need a mansion on the moon! :d let's go!
hell yeah lol, it was funny though. =) best april fools ever <3
thank you so much! i can't wait for you to hear my first single :)
hmmm, i like this game. lol! < lmao! ur so stoopit =)
you welcome :)
you #peopleshould give me your number if i don't got it :)
cody!! ur crazy just kidding ur cool :)
hey thanks so much for your support! :)
thank you for the shoutout :)
loved meeting ya girl!! see ya at coonapalooza :)
:d aww that made me smile.... good nite hun! hit u 2morrow
lol! come to my rescue you guys :)
& u saw alice in wonderland? :)
thanks :)
i love this dude :) i lovvvee him! #jonasbrothers
haha hell yea! how do i sign up :)
love hawaii everything too!!! =)
:) yay! why the face about your bornday? it's a special day missy!
i love this new bk commericial :)
thanks a lot girl :)
hey dude :) wts up?
will you please please please followe me??!! i love you sooo much!!!!! your amazing!!! :) please!! :)
lmfao, you shall! :d
#ff stl :)
aiight twitter i am out :) #peaceshizzle as would put it :p ttyl i may/may not be on tom.. well i will in the morning.. hmm :)
will you please please please followe me??!! i love you sooo much!!!!! your amazing!!! :) please!!!!
98 properties? ouch... sounds like this class is doing a little too much. :)
thank you for the shoutout :)
not for this contest, no :)
friday night, staying in? why not leave a review of tweetstats on while you're chillaxing on the couch. :)
play wwyd with me and u get the chance to win a personalized bg :)
#shoutout2dagirlz ...my girls! =)
will you please please please followe me??!! i love you sooo much!!!!! your amazing!!! :) please!!!
beress :) plissss sisain baju buat hari minggu.. bisanya ke cm hari minggu doang.. :((
ur not that young anymore hahaha :) ily please tweet me tweet me <3
all of us!!! :) :)
let's go! :)
never, you're awesome :)
my pleasure sasha !! hope you have an egg-celent weekend too !! :)
*waiting for new material* <coming in 2010 just did my photo shoot for a local magazine article. step by step. :)
had a 2 hr much needed nap! now having dinner macaroni grill with & =)
will you please please please followe me??!! i love you sooo much!!!!! your amazing!!! :) please!!
yeah, and o.r. alum plays a lead role in our new show, too. :)
awww... i'm a favorite sweet pea! i love it! :)
david said aj's fun! :)
don't worry about it :)
hi i'm shane & i love <-- my sister in law :d
you know, i kinda bored with twitter... but it still my favorite site :)
thanks for the #ff! :)
that was rhetorical but ah kids :d
realized only after left that you were outside of with the fam + chiuauas. the beard and pumas thru me off. :d
followed :)
awwww, thanks so much :) how r u btw? simply beautiful!!
ohhhh, i hope there's booze involved. :-)
easter is almost over :s i'm great, enjoying at home :)
hiiiii new tweetie pies! :)
just had cider & build your own w/ #gf fries. i love my life.<--glad to be of assistance in your lovely life :)
nice! if you're passing through napier lemme know :d
follow me pleaseee :)
thank you :) you too!
friends & bf. we are now at store getting movies :)
i talk loudly in libraries and i swim directly after i eat. i don't care! :) so ba:)
really!?!?!? zomg!!!! :) that's why they call me... (wait for it).....dr zibbs
best of luck, man! :)
midnight bowling with my favorite cousins :d
y yo con harry :)
lvs .@lizstrauss fyi made the press :) woot :) #4sqday :)
what, i thought that i followed u, let me check again :)
ur welcomee :) what u do today?
but i got like 5 numbers i was like whoaa :) haha
=)
lemme see what i can do sweetie :)
yes i wanna seeeeeeee :)
next lecture begins :)
*fantasizing* it's something else possibly :)
easter egg hunt a resounding success at first fridays! just ask the knolls ranger :)
notice how you keep blaming the tech? not your own lack of information? :) in the old days, we would rudely say rtfm! :)
#jonasbrothers & justin bieber are both trending topics. :)
is the cutest kid ever ♥ :)
thanks love :)
thx all :) dadakan bebb,smoga dy cpt balik yah... i'm so worry☹rt ada apa sih??
:d :d what to do.. what to do :)
im following you
=)
nope a club :)
new project starts this april. need more projects to finance my gadget lust. :) next on target is the next-gen iphone. macbook pro next year
#loveit #mycrew =) you can never make a mistake by #followfriday these great friends none better.
see already drinking! wxcited to meet you too! excited to see et al. tmrw :)
srry ill tweet fast! :) likee. yeh. i have mad typin skills ...ooooooh! thats another thing i can do! lmfao (:
you should really come to nyc and meet me!! i can even give u a tour of the city!! ahahaha :d
:)
didn't think 140 characters could ever make me tear up. happy birthday, mr. meier :)
these bad boys :)
hey i have thiiiings for you! :)
good night, tweet dreams. santa comes tomorrow! i mean, the ups guy :)
brtamasya dgn kluarga :d like this d'moment
i believe :) unreal save. save of the flames season
we are only really there for friday and saturday. maybe next time. :)
i love kevin :) #jonasbrothers
awww yea! patron shot? haha dancing tonight!!! :)
girls had a blast which was the most important thing :)
lol!! i was bein honest.. i think :)
.@elfelinne i know :) and i appreciated them.
lmaoooo i love this silly ass nicca n we just met lol :) <i do that 2 alot off ppl lol
i do very much enjoy/like/fan of the alien mythology ...no doubt; i also like some "monster of the week" ones :) #xfiles
i have no idea when/why i bought this leann rimes's album. :d
biar ga makan lagi ampe besok hehe itu loe smua yg makan cils? ck ck ck :d heavy brunch at
