thanks for that, appreciated the tweet :)
heyyy chickaa........dm with the info for ustream :)
im only going to follow people, that follow me..i dont wanna go over my following limit again! :) ..sorry
my homieeeeeeee! what the f*ck is really good fool? =)
break before rehearaal number threee :) eghh i wanna go home though!!
magic is jst science we don't understand yet. :) #fredism #quote :)
it is part of my heritage, no one in my family decorated them but i have loved them. ; ) i agree, they are very beautiful. : )
at cody-ann's birthday bash. back room opf bar none. come down! 13th and 3rd avenue. come now. :) celebrate! we are family.
watch my new video please? :)
juz in case you missed it: click for 13 x good friday blogposts on toysrevil :)
and we are looking for a new co owner to this account!if your interested then dm me :d
woo!! congrats on your follow! i'm so excited for you! :)
and you too, bobert! y'all are definitely like family to me! =)
followed :)
ewwwww red eyes? ew wtf gddhjkfrng i'm getting a teddy bear hamster, this one look :)
isn't that the truth! dpn't know if always good to follow though :) the heart has its own mind.
psstt...you're forgetting the "e" in :) just trying to help!
my mom just had me buy her a wii. i dont even have a wii. she is so pop culture :)
#jonasbrothers dont have 3 arms....silly fans. :d
red vs blue: revelation chapter 1 ^_^ "let there be cake!!!"
#nowplaying the only exception paramore <3 my new obsession ! :)
yay, im not going out. im hungry ; get in my belly! food, then bed with =) night twitlove's. ny, i'll see you soon! boom!
thanks for the credit union advice....appreciate it! =)
followed :)
now, i'm going to say my top #jonasbrothers songs :)
nothing like watching the lake show while eating cold stone!! :d
he must have heard yaah ^_^ hah!
good idea thanks :-)
this is for you, from my friend who is coming w/j & me to china. he mailed it :-)
finished eating and listening music :)
heyyy :) hahah ... working a scrapbook for you guys :d i guess you were tired today
magic is just science we don't understand yet. :) #fredism #quote
thx! :) #robporngang #ff
its good to know that some bieber fans understand. :) thanks! <3 #jonasbrothers
me too, those and gas grills, i just usually leave alone :) done playing with the single-edged razor blades.
well said =)
new twitcon is bomb :) << thank u baby girl!
im kobe bryant #ready :)
yay,blow em away! :) enjoying saturday morning di bengkel, utk spooring si crowny, getting ready for (cont)
you mean my leg. hahah. it's okay. i'm gonna go to beddd now, talk to you laterr :) bye!
not embossed,just rough after 120yrs :) front cover is embossed
lmao!!!!!!! in the rolls royce this time :)
helped reunite a girl with her jacket and car keys. :) (@ hotel utah w/ 3 others)
i know only 2 people wonderful: 1 i'm, and the another one i see every day when i go to comb my hair. hehe : )
yup. but it's alright i guess :)
behlul, mitali and i will see you for guetta! =)
its ok :)
we are soooo happy. just visited our obgyn. he said i shud be ready to conceive, next month. amen :)
blame it on me! lol :)
woooo! i had a great time with you guys! :)
so so happy i got my magazines w in them!!! totally made my day, britty you always make my day special :) xoxooxoxoxoxo
thanks! :)
you're welcome! =)
..a nightmare called 'la borsa' ; hope you doing fine bro :)
yep everyday i'll call her and be like what r u doing she'll be all 'i'm at walmart' lol! :)
want to hang with justin bieber! then follow and read her twitlonger to find out how! (must live in usa) :)
thanks for the ff! :)
that should be me :)
ah thank you. well for the post, just anything around 500 in width :) i'll dm you a link to the banner sometime!
same! busy :) i mesh you! are you going to a concert this summer?
thanks! #ff back at ya! :)
praise god, i love that song man :-)
yay! t-shirts it is! my favorite! i know just the one to wear. :) maybe this time i will have a sense of...
why do you have to mention caramel marshmallows when i'm feeling such a sweet tooth right now???? :-)
family is coming over and we are having a big dinner and then having an egg hunt for my little cousins :)
did u see vampire diaries yet, i didnt watch it last night but have it on my dvr its going to b great i bet =)
yes! i enjoyed it =)
hey :)
hey, thanks, wil. ...even if you are a kings fan. :)
youre on the front page of twitter! :d
762 :) directv tiene el canal antena 3 ?
did u see the 100 plus pics i posted on fb? tj and i got an insiders tour the other day :)
thanks very much for the #hirefriday. :)
i'll only go to chuckecheeze if justin bieber owns it. :)
it's back up now, sorry for the inconvenience. hope your easter is a good one too :)
do u use stumble upon? let me know-i'll click 'i like it' for yr site if u can do same for me :)
packed and now leaving for palm springs, but won't get there until midnight. gotta make a stop to chris :)
#peopleshould not curse! no need :)
serena i want to do a feature on your charity work for my humanitarian blog! follow so i can dm you! :)
you're welcome. don't have too much fun! :)
there would be riots! :)
you see, i still love you! lol :) <33 i missed ya girl <3
:) wah u doin huh ?<laying down watchin tv and u??
nice! didn't know you sang. :) your bling prob cost as much as as some diamond bling. lol and it's much more useful! ;)
how about "free to be me"? :)
yupp :)
makes sense :) it looks cool!
=) lets hope we keep it up ..
hey! :)
rushing off to pick up mom from lax! i haven't seen her for over a month!!! i miss her so much! :)
thank you so much lisa!!! hope you are doing well :)
thank you chica :) ♥
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
ohh..u need to take yo beast next time :)
i lovee my gf thoo =) •love you tooooo
follow friday :)
awesome! me too! :) i missed you,, you werent tweeting for over a month!
okay i'm a girl, allright? i make mistakes!!! :d
it's my works computer, maybe i'll let the tech guys fix it for me. i don't want to break it. :)
soo reree gett1o it inn the bacc to shes a model :)
i have done this!!! and let me tell you, loved every minute! (dancing to live music in public space) its ok to laugh :)
lakers are playing like its the playoffs , i love it =)
shout outs anyone? :d
and the "i don't care about the constitution" insanity :)
ipad is amazing, the product has yet to launch, but some people already have it, and some people had it :d
i'm just a super fan. i do plan on working there in the future, though! =) are you a disney fan too?
next time you think "it's not in the cards for me", remember, you get to shuffle the deck. :) #imt
ok... and if you don't know yuri's last name, well, google should help you get caught up to speed... :)
a great new page that needs fans! everyone needs to go a little greener :)
happy bday ya tante..all the best for the whole fam happy birthday buat ibu tetty kadi..dpt kadonya cucu dr aku yaaa.. :)
q:yes he is gay!! he sucks dick! :) a:sike
is djing at oslo right now. j. garcia downstairs, adam francesconi, jay ramsey and mike huckaby later :) #magic house
it was fun :)
awww =) thats wassup..me too..soo keep on doin great work and sweet dreams mr. frostie lol
ventura county hehe :d i used to have dreams about a dragon all the time when l was little, and just started having them again :d
it'll b in ur hands soon!! thanks! i just ordered one of shirts!!! gah i am so excited :) #nomercyhere
yeah! we just kept on going and going. so much fun! :)
seeing titans with best friend yes please. :)
i love u #votelabour :) (for those who dont know the first 3 words are used to con women by the illegal broadcasters) ;)
thank u :) she's the best i swear no homo type ish
u laughed! i guess my job here is done..... ***dusts off hands*** hahahaha =)
:d
:)
will do. thank you darling :)
and following you could never truly be wrong, so i'm glad i do! :d
good lookin out :)
gag no, i heart my kindle... and i have an iphone :) no ipad with wings for me!
you better man ^_^
thanx hun good luck tonight! =)
hey :) how manhattanites decide if they'll go somewhere [infographic] (via
thx 4 the ff! my husband is a huge metal fan. i admit i have several metallica songs on my ipod that i workout to :)
o ok o_o i see u tho--#iseeu 2 ^_^ idk what that means just thought it'd be nice 2 say it back!! ^_^
to on =)
okay then gimme some ideas for a bday present. not me but :)
that's so nice of him =) trust me mike is doing an amazing job as my bofriend.
exactly! weird. i'm very spacial tonight. i keep wanting to take pictures of far away corners. yes be worried. :)
enough is on :)
lol, go get some! :d seize the day!
at least her heart is warmed :) and her tummy full!!
hiiiiiiiiiii stephanie, your pictures way pretty :)
awww, you too! :)
my pleasure... :-)
two steps!! she's so cute. we watched the video a few times :) she is going to be all over the house and into everything in a month
okay so new philly is the best city to play in! thank you everyone who came tonight! i love u guys! :)
#gratitude&love 2 you! :) love is ♥❀♥(((@sunsong23 )))♥❀♥ you..:-)
woo!! congrats on your follow! i'm so excited for you! :)
so all we have to do to make happy is make ourselves slightly foolish over smexy ladies :d
thanks :)
are they carnivorous? *bergidik* do you know that my little basil plants they turn and search for the moon at night :)
he's not that rich man! :) you've read rework he sent us yet? brilliant book, similar to "the real thing" from 37
you're welcome :)
lost season 2 + soup + laundry = awesome ddsf "don't do sh#t friday" :) enjoy yours!
shareee dong suhu :)
thanks dawn! :) #ff
:d :d i just speak the truth
...can i steal him?? :) <3
lol. yeah i do it all the time. it's like my way of life. :)
my heart went knock knock :)
thanks :)
other than lover you should've come over, which i listen to about once a day. :)
long live n64! :)
how about 40 for 40? i will have 9163 :) and you?
yess i did.. read the description for it! :) it's poppin!
weeeeee bunny dash 5k tomorrow morning :d
thanks chuck :d
[flashback] we were bumping this 03 years ago: :-)
i'm just sooo excited that it's baseball season!!! :) go #padres!
we're at solar de cahuenga in hollywood :) very much not the valley.
she is beautiful(: mo! have you? :d
lmao i fell asleep after that tweet :d but yeah she is hehe
q:wy r u such an idiot u alwayz got somethin to say but you ca... a:lol alright; way to spell :)
thanks! i'm feeling pretty good about it. i love the alexis! good choice :d ~t
g'nite sweetie, i'm so excited for you :)
happy birthday wish u all the best :) !!
awe :) i want donnie to hop on over and fill my basket.
will check them out. thank you! :)
followed them :)
depends on the bride, and maybe her age... last wedding i went to they played beyonce single ladies :)
while out, i ran into two of my favorite performers from detroit, and that made me smile. :-)
hey can yall get 2 follow me too? if so, i'll follow back :)
pizza goes good with anything. good choice. save me a slice :)
thank you! i don't bore you then! whew! :) ...........your all so swell to follow ;)
just once :)
let the church say amen!..rt: u need on ur album. stop playin =)
i'm good :) how are you? :)
good! how are you? :)
2morrow ima give #chocolate #shoutouts so all the chocolate chicks i see on here gettin 1 :)
haha, that's the way it works, different people have to be good at different things or we're all fucked :-)
thanks very much for the #hirefriday. :) yes! thanks so much steve..
haha its cool! just wanted to make sure you got em! :)
bahaha yes! and ok, thank you. :)
i think you mean 11:00 pm tonight. :)
you may rely on it :)
thanks my dear!!! :) gotta stay grindin!!
sorry i changed the rules without telling anyone and added "moon" to the list and it won :-)
sweet dude! you don't suck! :-)
thankssss :)
#ff goo they follow back :)
damn i bet! how was la other then that tho? i have been pretty good :) going to la in 2 weeks!
#wearefearless :d
