makasi ya :) happy birthday wish you all the best :))
angry how? i just speak the truth doll :)
well i told her both. she has called me a "social networking freak" my job is done. :)
i like them a lot :) .
...you're doing a great job jennifer! thanks for watching. that was definitely a first. :) have a blessed easter.
no i couldn't take that, i'd actually stop living, so i can barely think about it :)
actually, 36mth is just a different payment option. 4 ppl who want to stretch epp w/bank. digi contract is only 24mths =)
shouties or list? plzzz? :)
i will be in the #nyc area 5/7-5/9 & available for gogo gigs & paid shoots. please email colihellraiser@yahoo.com w/ info :) (pls rt!)
reallly? :)
thx hope things are ok on ur end :-) i'm at my in-laws+ it's a full house w/family here from all over = stressful
hey :) how are you?
aragon off lord of the rings is sexy as fuck. :)
ok amr , #follow lá hehe :)
i just watched it so not jealous :)
plenty of other shows we can attend when you're finally living here :)
rofl! well uhm...try like changing your name to something with jasmine...and then change it back :)
{{group hugs w/ }}} <==oh...fun!!! :)
-i get to plug spider-man shattered dimensions on a panel w/ cd barnes! :) & get 2 see doctor who premiere on the big screen! so it's good!
haha thanks a lot :) yeah awesome right? :p
who said anything about dressy shoes? i'm sayin i only wear what's comfy...style is a sham! :)
i will! tell alp i miss him! ;) #ff long time no see! alp keeps asking how you are come by soon! :)
i do...but three of my shifts are less than 5 hours...pretty easy :)
:-) thaz good
i was bored, but now that you are here i have a smile on my face. :-) what are you up to besides eating?
:) there really the best
please nominate bbleaks for wirefly's 2010 best blackberry blog award plz :)
#lokey i think amber rose is a bad bitch and i would be wit her and her bomb azz pussy! :)
make one. :) every girl deserves a chance to wear cute new shoes!
thank you very much :)
hey hi stranger person : )
oh now thatd be heaven :) ddddoooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnieeee
#jayseancometovancouver retweet this. they want you here :)
you crack me up and yes u r! :)
what's his twitter so i can dm him?  @mytexasweather wake up! it's fixing to rain on that cop in hearne! :)
im sayin dat cuz yankees are my team! :-) how are u by the way
awww thanks homie! :)
lol didn't even realize you needed it :)
:) done with work and the week?
twitter poofed the spermbot, its gone!! :d
just say the word shit face, for god sakes u swear on twitter, that's why i luv u so :)
followed :)
s/o to >> << just becuz ! ha =) <*fist pump* :)
who wants to skype with me?! :d
yeah imma be here what u got for me :-)
no wait, it's my bday trip that's in exactly one week :d
its this amazing software like itunes, but it lets you download songs, videos, movies for free :d
good. :) i feel like we haven't talked lately. -bieber
can you say hi to us in tweet 5,000? :) ^ks
good morning naseef bhaiyaa :)
follow me back? i wanna fool my friends :d
hi! you're on point with astrology. could you tell me about libra? pretty please :)
you're welcome :)
:)
yeah, but we will :) every #jonasbrothers fan deserves to meet them.
fixing to head to bed! tonight was so much fun! was amazing <3 busy day tomorrow :) g'nighttt!
:/ tell me another time :) so i just made this fir no reason
how?!? :)
i love you tho : ) muahz ???? better
just got pulled over for a headlight thing...let off bc as the hot lady cop said "we are family" yeaaaah :)
it kills me a little bc i want to read it, but can't. some day, when i'm toally done w everything, i will google like mad :)
:) great thinking! so that's two smoothies now can you pick a fav b/w choco & straw (-banana) ? ;-) #starbucks
:) you & me both .
lol i like them together :)
goooooshhh 6 hours difference here .. i'd like to visit there in autumn :)
np babe-- love u at the desk :) much thx for the love!
lmaoo i [#deadass] love =) her high lil ol voice is so cute haa.
babe this is one of your best playlists yet :) thank you
hmmmm...this time last year... *sigh* #memories :) || are u smiling?!? this time last year *angry pissed off face*
tmr bow_kz and me 're goin to yaak for kamikazeclub naa ka :d
you're being too kind. i was actually that funny :) won't stop me from trying again, though
happy easter back at you, cadbury cream egg :)
thanks hun! glad someone is paying attention :) great articles in plus model magazine!!!!
about 6 hours ago v
haha at least you will be a good boy! :)
thankyou :)
i'm rockin the decks at trigger tonight!! come out, people. :)
i couldnt of said it better! :) people are so dumb who think that stuff about themselves..if there gonna try so hard to make
thanxx for the [janae} yourr awesome l0l :-)
i jusss one ov my nails nd it has hello kitty on it :)
it was a decent ep by sgu standards. i didn't throw anything at the tv. :)
ty! :-) #followfriday 2 my favorite showrooms in la r on twttr! & follow them 4 haute fashion tweets
had an all sorts day, and it's not even over yet. :) but it's all good.
rage harder at the outcome that you could have prevented! :d
thank you to and ff :) and
loved the circus tonight! next stop nyc!!! :)
haha no worries =)
ok. clearly my information is limited. and i thought i was an expert user. ha ha! :-)
fyi : its anast :)
yea i'm gettin my drink on right now :)
can you help me get to 6,500 :d please
which is why someone needs to book me. :) i have been playing all kinds of crazy shit lately. spread the word.
thank you!! :)
oh boy, ok. :) can't wait to see it, but i may wait till dvd cause i haven't read the book yet.
thank you! :) why were you up so early? #pink
performing w/ samsons tonite on kemilau mandiri. bring out the whale! :d
thankya so much!! :) #blossominthedust
morning! up early to catch the bulls game :)
awwww cute !! =) wishin you guys the best for month 4 !!
eh yo i wanna come see the baby as soon as i get back to town :)
going back to my apartment to watch some true blood, mike's never seen it. :)
the backrub is on :)
thanks shawty :)
hey ! :) .
my fault really. wasn't really thinking about it and didn't make myself clear. no harm done :)
my girlies i can always count on :-)
#peopleshould follow her! :d #ff
i followed him but i dont know who he is =d i just know that he is a singer and he has a lot of fans on twitter :)
lol lets just hope my bf does :d
your welcome :)
it's not been too bad in #guwahati since, sunny today. lunch planned with friends later, should be really enjoyable :)
yoyoyoy help me get to 6780 please? :) i like solid numbers lol
gud morning.. :) #udrtwtup #orkutheroes
hell, if they'll pay me, i'll write that. you hear me, ??? :)
good night have a wonderful easter with your family :-)
all's well. :) hope the same's with you. :)
hope u have a wonderful day ahead of u....:) cheers :)
hey cameron! thanks for the tweet dude! i'm checking some email tonight. i'll look out for yours and get back :)
bales dong son, gmana sih emang blm pernah di baless?? :) ngiri dech ngliat (cont)
haha its okay :) yes we shall ;) im down to stay up late again
stop da lyin on twitter plz....thank u :)
when ur in the middle of an argument and u know damn well ur wrong... #juststfu<<<dats big from a man..love it : )
come here to register to vote, and say hi to us! we're at amcorp mall, level 2, next to the post office :) #projectepic
you are very welcome :)
exactly :)
thinkin bout a master plan-- don't think about it do it :)
thank you! i'll be staying w/ friends of the fam at first. they live near disney. i'll be there at the beg of may :)
nothin really we just chillin :-)
not going to see paul wall :) i think that's still as what was said
rape --► follow button! noww! :)
this is adorable, :)
if you want to co-own my account :)
wish her on our behalf :) and yes, i still stick with #wheresdacake? :p
thx fr the bday wishes :d hugs
this wasnt it butt,,,, follow me? :)
following now looking forward to a follow back :)
i was 6/8ths kidding. :d i occasionally get dm's telling me i'm stepping out of line ;-)
if you want to co-own my account :)
muahzzzzzzzzzzzzzz =)
celebrating my one-year dating anniversary with in las vegas :)
*hugs you back and laughs while smiling widely* aw, thanks gee :d *hears footsteps and see's the realtor coming*
ok first song coming in less than 1 minute. :) #welcome
aw we was goin to get somethin to eat before movie :) i might have to see u tomorrow
i really really really really did!! mmmhmmm :)
only one person in line :)
q:idk why people hate on you. like, they dont even personally know yo... a:awh thank you! :)
guest list for first friday is closed. see you tonight :)
*jumps up nd down* #teamniceboobies :-)
yes it is :)
i'm thinking we should start a petition so that justin goes on a date with me :)
#juststfu i'll be back! don't misss me too much =)
you're welcome...oh, it's there for sure...thank you for asking :)
attending my first ever transgender support group this sunday nervous but excited :-)
:)
needs to continue the repeats on friday's, it's ridiculous that they don't.....do ur "lockup" shows on weekends, pls :)
alright people! i'm out :-) hit ya up at like 4 or 5 if i'm up!
if you want to co-own my account :)
happy b'day pancaaaa! tambahin lagi konde nya yaaaa.. have a great one! much love.. :d
oooh. cool, thanks :)
if you want to co-own my account :)
wait for ur final verdict about this venue :)
se cuidem seus merdas :d
nothin...nothin. :)
#juststfu and kiss me :)
follow for follow? please? :)
sorry :/ but i winz!! :d
doh! i mean and the scenery's not bad too! :d
if you want to co-own my account :)
she's not going to win, she didn't the first time, so not much has changed. :)
if you want to co-own my account :)
if you want to be followed :)
i'm still undecided. will have to get my hands on it first :)
good good :) proud to hear that! so how long you been at it?
thank you 3 for the follow friday #ff love :d
& i trust the kiddies are fast asleep? :d
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttttsssssss sextime :)
i am interested, too :d
if you want to co-own my account :)
random but i really like and his tweets. he's just awesome. haha special #ff for him! go now tweeps :)
cover i just did for my mixtape , should i keep this one or not ? >> keep it , very nice :)
the early bird may get da worm, but da sekond mouse gets da kheese... da 1st 1 gets murked :d
you're very welcome :-)
watchin oprah w/janet jackson 2nite. always luv show. if u need new way 2hold mic packs (etc!) come say hi to this local gal :)
if you want to co-own my account :)
o try again then!!! :)
calous is still around? i guess social security is one way to support a band :)
me to , text me :)
oh to be that money...i wanna be in pucks pants :)
hey!!!! how r are u?rt #jayseancometovancouver retweet this. they want you here :)
if you want to co-own my account :)
i got three ambers. im sure one of em yours. thats what im tryna find out so i can delete the excess. p.s. how was the show? =)
yess yes im fattie mc lovin! =) lmao, im hungry. =p
gua mauuu :d hey lagi buka who.unfollowed.me, ada yg mau dicekin ufdollowersnya?
on the real! :)
if you want to co-own my account :)
hello tweeterz. good afternoon.. !!! ^_^
lol sour patch! =)
well it's going to be my ritual now too. :d
when i see people love dance so much ,that make me so happy :) no matter where you from and what colors you are.
#nowfollowing ---------> nice background girl : )
lol true that's what's up :) how you been?
