lol all yhu doin is quotin lyrics ahaha if i wantd to hear them id go listen to the songs :)
lol, i'm sitting right next to him, loser!!! i believe it ends on good friday :)
i think i may be a few shades of purple right now :d
lmao..luv ya babe..do ya thing 2nite :) ii am
everyone go follow cuz she is a true belieber :)
.@lizstrauss fyi four square day made the press :) woot :) #4sqday :)
drinking hot green tea and watching my half baked dvd :) i luv dave chappelle!my chunky ass loves skinny guys smh break them w my thighs lol
"she's my little whiskey girl" tobey keith :)
goin to bed... email me at contact@dylanseeger.com and ill try my best to answer all of them in the morning! night! :)
the tread is the important feature though specially in an emergency :)
ohhh! those look really good :-) i'm jealous
philippines is saying 'mabuhay!' to you! :d
me and fabian are marines. just sayin.... #sharepoint <- jermey doesn't know his branches :-)
good for you. hope u donned cape and punched the air rocky-style :-)
i'm kahlia's dad's house. ima do a tinychat soon :)
#peopleshould #juststfu :)
if you love kenelle so i can list you :)
#jonasbrothers
oh, that's awesome! i'd love a job like that! they're the ones that do all the thinking. :-)
i need one more follower for 350 :) im movin up but slowly lol
haha kyk milioner wkwk hahaha.bnyk bgt ya wishes kita :d
i really needed the info though! so thanks boo :)
in fact, i'm putting some oil on myself right now =)
yeahhhhh rencana malam ini... nonton di gor ! ! salam celana pendek :d
dang i forgot. i need to venture over there tomorrow and be like .... whacha doing :-)
good things take time.......but great things come all at once :)
abt to shut down 6th street w my gorgeous ladiess :)
lol..ive been working 4 free for over 3 years now...on my documentary.... :)....so i actually need a paid job now :)
love ya right back sexy... :)
post twit pics on your facebook!! tell your friends to set up accounts so i can add them :) #bryantjames
have a safe trip!! :)
"i don't think i got the & sittin in a tree memo" :-)
being sure u guys'll make a great job all!! :)
sounds like a fortune cookie :)
awwww how cuuute! :-) great day!! -------> thanks
did ya see the new shane icon i made? :d at www.dawsonfever.exist3d.net
haha u need 4 more. :)
gak perlu ditweet kali -_- just got to house,said hi to family & now am getting ready 2 take bubble bath w/ him :)
nope. my addiction =)
same!!! :) so nice to have a chill night at home after a crazy week :)
very nice. has a boot too! :)
i tried...lol (of course i'd come up with any excuse i could to not ride with :d
my text message game is triple extra lame... but i'm working on it :)
i just saw your twitpic. we are totally lucky. :)
panel chair for emmy judging this year...getting ready to send out my crew's final ballots. what an honor :) great times.
i had a good friday on good friday...what a great night =)
i really missed youuu... =)
don't make me sorry i said that. :)
now i'm more happy in this twitworld :)
ahahah!! thanks =)
yes, but only because that's what i do :)
yes i do have it =) and i feel blessed cuz it took awhile to track down.
hey :) any luck with the interview?
how's nashvegas? y r u there? bet it's fun!! :)
thank you :)
awe thankys boo :)
yeah, you should get a trophy. parents love those moments. :)
i love the night b4 a race. bike prep is done, light workout & stretch done, just finished my salmon & pasta..mmmm now a shower & sleep =)
my valentines day =) ♥
early lunch :) catchin' up stories. menjelaskan konsep "4lay" ke sambil nunggu waktu check in hotel... heart this weekend :)
pronto amor :)
okay everybody follow :d
hahaha lol you make me smile :)
#canucks! despite the fact we're headed to ot with the #ducks, vancouver just clinched a playoff spot! :)
if you love jemi so i can list you :)
#jonasbrothers
thanks for #followfriday! :)
and everything is reality bs now---give me a scripted drama or comedy any day! :)
thank you for the #ff mention!! ~it's an honor!! :-) appeciate you & all that you contribute!!
your secret is safe with me :)
hahaha you know kobe is getting 1 for the thumb this yearrrr :) & lebron will be ringlessss (;
hello world :)
yayyy :) i got you ten!
me too! =) we met when i was 18, way before the nba and our first date was at fridays. and we split dessert! haha.
thanks hun ! : )
i hope the mega wind blows the mega clouds away for a mega rad weekend. :)
yah yah carry on the song if fun hahahah :)
finished filming an now on a date with my handsome man!!! life is good! : ) (@ 1550 hyde cafe and wine bar)
add me on oovoo :) brittneykedney
noplasticbagcampaign at mydin, klang w yb mike, klang councilors. msian indian restaurant owners assoc wants to explore how they can help :)
hey hey! i will vote for u 100 times if u "holla" at me :)
hello :)
thxx hun :)
ha! i think the beer can take it :) how is it? what kind of margarita?
lol!! and i just cracked up in the car. you're the best :)
can i tell you something? i'm not miley. i'm just a girl who love twitter so much and i'm a big fan of miley cyrus :d
yup... :)
its 12:28 here but u gotta wait til sunday! =)
#follow her > =) -- ill do it when i get on the comp 2moro
yea cool beans!!! good luck to! :-)
#shoutout ty =)
q:i love you!! a:no, i love you :d
awww :( i'm sippin on vodka still :)
where is that shit!?? i want some!!! :)
thank you helene! :) how's the move going?
pt mmm lemon, lime and bitters :)
twitcon :) // yu likeee :d
anytime :d
<<< shoutout to her!!! thanx for being my 1,219th follower!!! follow!!! follow!!! :)
we made it safely to sacramento. =) now for the journey to the casino.
i'm goooood! no complaints. =) did you decide where you're going tonight?
lol thank u saudia monique mahogany sutton lafourche :) i'm trying to get comfortable but its hard :/
i think i prefer option 2 :)
ok thanks :) here's the link:
dug up pictures from england and france in 2008 :)
lol! i'm sure you will! but its no more pain! so i'm good! :)
source! :) all i do is social media! your turn to tweet me and fill in the blank. all i do is _______ (via
hey add me on tagged! my name's spelled the exact same way.. or just look up keosha hallum.. ^_^
that's great! i may go see it tomorrow! :)
thanks for the #ff my friend :)
i love her! she used to sing with damien rice. they were at the music lounge a few years ago. :) i should make you a good mix cd.
there's a ladybug visiting me (again)! :) she's sleeping on my pillow. i think she likes being there. <3
with p'tarn.... :)
won 1st game of bowling! tied for 3rd on the 2nd game. had a fun time w/my workout buddies & our trainer. torture in the morning! :)
before i head to the zzzs world, i wanna thank my asian, blasian, and black followers. the support n y'all relatin to me is appreciated :)
congratulations. :)
ahhhh peace river! losing cell service in about 10 minutes as we drive to the farm... just as it should be :)
:)
no no gawd i wish lol but we'll be there at the end of the month :d
thanks and you're welcome! #ff :)
i have just created a new list, follow it here: =>@denyseduhaime :)
the #jonasbrothers make me happpyyy :)
lol. brandy requires it! fancy pants :) now to find a maiden to serenade lol
if you want a shoutout! :)
before head to the zzzs world, i wanna thank my asian, blasian, and black followers. the support n y'all relatin to me is appreciated :)
thankssss :d
congrats on 18 yrs!!! glad u had a nice evening out! :)
:)
maybe you should write a twitlonger about it. u know, write the details about the stuff, and the location. all in one tweet :)
awww! that sucks :( and i mean, fall/winter has great stuff too, but i just like springy clothes :)
hahaha i bleeed that purple nd gold :) ooh laker fan too i knew it was something about you :)
do not change who you are or will become because of someone else's insecurity. be true to yourself. :)
does anyone get get killed or anything in #shutterisland ? b|c i'm about to fast foward the fuck out of it :-)
<<< joe's spare time. you gotta love :d #jonasbrothers
que bom :)
*harley smiiiiile* yay then! :d
supports rich&tatted :) -- got to(;
yep i know! when henry called him beanpole! i love that flash back! :)
gotcha, if i'm reading correctly it doesn't seem to pull in the same numbers as the other headlining usa shows but not bad :)
have a good night ya'll :)
share some pics of what u enjoyed in kollam :)
having the famous pau in tanjung malim.hmmm memang sedap! :d
now watching suit life of zack and cody.... but im not really paying attention =) aha
#ff this awesome new person im following on twitter and she is cute :)
thankkk u :) it is
okay yay ! i will be at 14,612 :d
haha, sureeee. :)
i wish the party was outdoor though, have more light :)
i think flying is ok, it's rhe take off and landing i dislike. i'll see how i go :)
hey jules! it's adam from "adamatyouxxx" i deleted that account and now only use this :d
12 away from 4,600. shoutouts ? help me to get there :)
refined sunflower oil!!! :)
really online dating :) --> #ad
hit me soon as u get in town :)
sweet about what? i was away from twitter... but thank u for the compliment :)
im chattin to u ... but now it duznt add to 4 duz it? the same way over there!! :) lol.....
going to bed with a huge smile because of mini b :) i can't wait until may! reuniting with my family will be much needed by then.
good morning tweeps =)
nope! your an artist! :-)
:) re: treeware. published-pulp-as-post-punk-prescient-processing
:d i'm pretty sure i am god coz wherever i go, ppl say "hey bhagwan, tu fir aa gaya!"
"you got chocolate on your lip." :)
good makeup sleeping pranks to pull on my sleeping bro, i do whatever people say :)
<3 dear pushplay, i miss you so much...it seems like everyday things start to fade...except my memories :)
thanks my friend , me too :)
haha i am!! :d <---yaya...r u wanna follow a belieber???
so my co-worker just randomly told me "terrell, you're such a good person". that made me feel good inside. :-)
i adore too :) happy long weekend
rehearsal for "speargrove presents" with was great today! so many talented people. show on monday =) nythearebarn.org
haha... yup. i snuck up on you guys. good times. :-)
you have done the same for me countless times :)
i knooo right! :-)
need a new profile pic, tom? you need to sport your #8erpic then! make proud! :d
q:justin is goin to be a dad because im pregna... a:awh, what you going to name him/her? :)
q:hey do you think you could follow :) ... a:ask me on twitter...
thank you homey :)
haha but we all know its the truth :) he's so good though!!!!!!
u should invite me and laura :)
thanks for the #ff :) :)
awww so many people here for my bday =) waitin on boss man to get in !!
u will be happy to hear of a recent dos!--good!!:) :) i just need to be fluent and ill be set;)
gluttony is not a secret vice. ~orson welles <-- gluttony is vice? squat! yes, 3 fat puns :)
ya, so what's your name, besides miley supporter, lol :)
"we should have snuck out and gone to see miley cyrus." more and more proud of my influnce on this girl every day :)
yea i like baseball tho :) two boring ass sports, well baseball is atleast, forgot they fight in hockey lol
really? we make easter baskets for each other. we're not ready to let the dream die. :)
i finish class at 12 so 12 la :)
i'm the subliminal tweet queen around this bitch! i always get mah point across.... :)
no. there are no requirements for being a full-fledged #doctorwho fan. you don't have to flail over every doctor be a true fan =)
many thanks & #love to all ~ i appreciate all the rts & mentions ~ tweetdreams zzzz :)
oh how i love the way you think! :-) //what a coincidence...so do i!! ;)
stuck in the moment :)
following you back: thank you for your follows! :d
most of the day i spend today outside. i was enjoying the sun and mosquitoes were enjoying my blood :) sounds cruel? :)
gotta go now guys i'll get back to ur dm's tomo... good night =)
rt: did you miss the april fools joke that put together?! check it most hysterical! :)
*hug* ahha :) cmon i know u love me 2 face it <3 :)
goodnight, danny...you have no idea how much i would love to turn the clock back 1 year tonight..i love you! :)
if you want a shoutout! :)
hey jarrad it's adam... i deleted my other account "adamatyouxxx" and now only use this :d
thanks cal :) hope you're enjoying the weekend.
everyone go follow cuz she is a true belieber :)
