=)
ur welcome =)
:) good phone internet blesses me with twiter
i like ya name sonow following«thanx! :)
oh okay yet i know :)
follow back please :)
i'm sure you will :)
•happy belated bday chuaa .. :) :)•
happy birthday hope you have an amazing time in new york, prettty girl! :)
vodka and orange just for me tonight :)
that's why bunga is interest-ing :)
the msp airport is just about 1 mile away from the mall of america! you have to let me know if you decide to come! :)
i gotta be up early #jonasbrothers #honorsociety :d night
lawd have mercy....(tearin up) ...ma dukes is the only woman that can make me cry....i just got thru telling her how beautiful she is =)
the next 3 persons that i'll follow makes me reach to the 200 :)
awww! i love you too boo! :))))))) #confession--i love she's so cute :)
does anybody know anybody in boston that we could borrow a banjo from for tomorrow night's show? :)
thanks for the tip! i'll check it out. :)
and you're gonna love grand guignol! :) thanks for posting. i love to read comments from other horror scholars like yourself
no. i did talk to abi and andrea 4 a while though! :) pit passes would've rocked but abi said she had no more left and the pit
*laughs, nods* that's happened to me twice tonight. it's good to find quality people. :)
key word: mostly. #human :) i swear, for me to be of mostly sound mind, i do some dumb shit sometimes. smh. good grief.
sure after im done with someone. :)
thanks love :)
lol i hear that a lot...sometimes i do push myself too hard...but i get so much done :) so somehow it kinda feels worth it :)
congratulations, you. :)
good to hear. sorry about the brutal typos. :-)
deket rumah mu :)
it still helps raise awareness of an acute problem :-) be thankful for small mercies!
who is coming to national #sife competition held in #yyc? oh yes, please spice up your outfits too.... color is good! :)
going to kingston tomorrow :)
my eyes are green right now...that's weird....welp, goodnight!! :-)
dude that level is hard... i'm in the second half on level 17 :)
i've got a bag packed, you comin' to pick me up?!? :)
cool ipad is in ontario ca, 24 miles away but yet so far :)
awee is suchaaa cutie when it comes to his mom :)
did you say group? :)
hey pete... better not listen to the mailman... i might have him losing his ipad. :)
hi, johnny! i'm coming to see you in nyc in less than a month and i can't wait :d xo
convince? honey no! you make his butt carry that stuff for you. thats the point of having a "boyfriend" :)
thanks for the #ff love :)
lol its okay you were napping when i posted it :)
your address???? :)
happy birthday my friend !!! good luck for you and have a good 21 year!! :)
oh my goodness u sure thats u? i need to see more :)
amazing time at sushi with and =) there's been like 5 birthdays here tonight! wtf hahaha
does anybody know anybody in boston that we could borrow a banjo from for tomorrow night's show? :)
six flags! :) it's so much fun!
fa sho =)
how have u been?? :-)
there's oatmeal shampoo for dogs, like aveeno :-)
i wanna go to the movies! :) <-- take me :-d
hello there my two pretty bows ^_^
actually if someone were to flail over every doctor's run i would call 'em liars. =)
yay! spent the whole day with my babe got to see him which i haven't done in a long time and just had a great day :) love him!!!
hahahaha they are! thanks for this :)
song is so bad it's good :)
ggoing away for a lil whileeee- keep supporting !! even easter sunday 10!! team tracy :)
thanks girl : )
please please please please follow me! :) i think you are beautiful and super talented! keep up w/ the great work!
q:when did you first hear about jb? a:2007 :)
from sabah hw? :)
im good thanks :)
its part of why i heart you! :)
just made a burrito, i'm bout to fk it up. yummy :)
i hope you got everything worked out :)
sounds interesting :) italian pastries are my weakness lol
i play domination, because you can tell where the opponents are and kill them all with your shotgun :)
your mom is so pretty! i'd love to meet you two! :)
thanks for the love :)
you must try it!! try something new : )
well thank you kindly! you do the same :)
awwwww. you love him :)
i think that it's safe to say that you have earned it. :)
now the "secret" is out :)
stepbrothers is on :)
q:hey do you think you could follow :) ... a:sure :)
dammit. now what will i write about?!? oh yeah... not that :)
good things take time.......but great things come all at once :) <~ oh really?
new video coming soonish :d
happy birthday gabriel williams!: happy birthday to co creator of sfpl gabriel williams! :)
lol :)
yeah and going to unlock it for t-mobile :) and for $60
ahaha thankss :d thanks for following following u 2 btw love ur username to best avril supporter nm :) whats ur name?
that's unfortunate!! :-)
out of city, computer and internet! have a great weekend, everyone! :)
applebees with the loves! today was a great good friday :)
if you want a shoutout! :)
..a better person thats 100% sure :)
keep or delete (keep i like it =)
im great hun! getin ready to do this show 2nite! bout to hit the stage & support my bro <--follow him hun :)
ehheheh.. thank you baby.. i'm at home by the way, papaku yg ngga dirumah :)
"love, pure love will never return to you void." -#wdigm2 :-)
have a good day bob bloke :)
getting my props ready for the vid :) wow my eyes are red
just got the new 5.0 os for my blackberry :)
follow me jasmine i love yaaa :) love yaaa soo much!! :* double kisses :* :* + one kiss :* and love <3
ahaha, now reply to my text :d
pic: watching gone with the wind with :d (and testing to see if cross posting to fb works)
as long as u remember my name :) fuck the rest
