during holy friday procession, my candle kept going out. so i started saying i'm "delighted". got my daughter to say it, too. :)
salute from a fellow xh-a1 + letus user! :d
glad you liked it :)
[passes pam a chulupa] :( sorry about your car dude. that's awful! you deserve a martini too :-)
ok thanks :) hey man i'm just trying to be very serious now i'm tired of losing out :) especially when the competition is weak
i can't tell you how happy it makes me to know that you guys enjoy watching what i have to give :)
everyone's going out. have fun, you guys! i'm eating a hoagie :)
so true! but.. we've been lucky so far with the weather this past few weeks : ) and cold!!!!
clash of the titans 3d later? i think so :) then recording this weekendddd and working out some other shtuff for
#shoutout2dagirlz who are positive leaders in your community! it's tough out there..i appreciate females like that :)
your welcome =)
ooo that one is really pretty! it's blue!! :d i made an icon with the dog picture yesterday i think! :) haha
energy see energy in the waves of life :) just pointing it out.. as my magnet draws me near :)
he seemed perfectly serious, too. that is when he finally got his thought out. : )
i love the #jonasbrothers : )
lol but your stuck w/me and like it =) ... lol<-ha liar
yayyys :d we didnt hangout jerk butt! lol
i love and they were my first twitter besties :)
follower her she pretty :) pretty eyes also lolss
lol that tweet made me snort :) ok i'll be back later..loveyou ricky!
def. if u were here :-)
:o only up to you :) lol! i dont mind <3 i dont wanna pressure you and stress ya out
its iight coreyyy :)
hahaha true! saw this shirt and thought of you :)
seriously, every club in the city of cleveland is gonna rock out tonight, i just prefer to party at #lust :)
sure thing sweet heart be a groupie with us :)
ljcsc wishes you all a wondeful weekend! :) take it easy and enjoy the flowers in bloom!
oh we will, and the kids will enjoy it too :) thanks again!
it's too hard to pass up, isn't it?! :-)
i followed her. :)
yeahhhh downtown is a no go. fun night tho. heading home now. =)
if your a bieber fan :)
#shoutout2dagirlz as cool as , #holdup there are none! :d
hehe well, i did say it had too much information :) happy black saturday!
awh .. youre so pretty :)
awww thank you : )
by the way. im in florida with :) so yall should follow herr
ya, a few fart videos on youtube certainly pass the time :d
cool. i got you! saving you one when we go to print :)
si :)
had a nice dinner with the grandparents, now winding down for the evening... i love eating pasta, it always gets me ready for bed :) haha
sorry, dude, all i gots is the audio drama experience. :)
#jonasbrothers is trending : ) my favorite kind of people!
lol yes, he knows he can be wrong, and he knows how to apologize, too. i'm pretty proud of him. :-)
ok and np anytime! :)
#4 of my favorite songs about addiction... though this is more of a paean to herb. :) ♫
:: #shoutout2dagirlz that dont need pounds of make up to be pretty :)
daaamn that shower was hella refreshing much needed :) has any1 used rosemary mint shampoo? it smells soo good and relaxs u!
have moved on however to more simple stuff. :-)
#peopleshould follow me. i'm fun :)
putting all this stuff on my bed, and getting ready to leave to spend time with my honey. :)
= the effin best!! :d
you're on the guest list already =)
evening mal! how are you tonight? into anything fun and interesting? :)
lol, well i had just gone back to the home page and i saw it and thought, what the heck :-) happy writing!
sorry 2hear eh, not so much.oh well thanks for the ff.. hope your date was cool!! =)
no #bacon on my table but i just made a big pot of chickpea, chorizo & spinach stew smelling good c'mon over :-)
oooh i like! very dope! :) and i'm lovin the glasses too :d
i shall :)
the #jonasbrothers are too amazing to be explained in 140 characters. :d
watching the hangover with the bestsss :)
모두 반갑습니다 :)
k emalie :) i'll be on <--- byyeee emalie will stay on mileyyloverrr <3
your bg, click view full size and save :d
blossom close up. :-)
seriously, don't be upset or jealous.. good things come to those who wait. just have patience :) you'll see him/meet him
awww :) wats up?
you're welcome. have fun! :)
np girl. =) aww thanks sugar :-)
yes i can see. you be having a lot of fun. tell them i said hi. and they are both very beautiful. :-)
got yu with the tea =)
ok i didn't know if you knew :)
i'm on now! :) talk?
thanks! we love taking photos! :) hope miss ella is doing well! sebastian sends her x's and o's!
ikr :d i feel bad for miguel he is like right next to me and i screamed in his ear xd oh well :p
baha i would jump on stage & puke with him & im deadly afraid of puking so thats how much i love him :) lol <3
have you ever done yoga right after exercising? i feel great right now having done both! :)
i don't mind that. i just don't want to miss any important dms from :)
he got a 100% tip. screw a napkin :-)
lmao i can send #twitterkisses to whoeva :)
#nowplaying banky w (remix) tiff your kele :d
ok, i'm wrong. godsmack is the music that both began and now ends the day. they are seriously soundtrack for me these days. :)
new follower.. :)
good friday tweeps give thanks for what god has done for us.for this is a meaningful day,enjoy your easter everyone godbless :)
#nowplaying lil 'mo (4 ever )...excited tht i got the chance to connect w/ her again,she is a wonderful lady :)
as soon as you're ready babe! i thought i had to wait till after the 15th :)
thanks for the #ff! hope you had a great day! :-)
wahoooo. well i will apologize now jic i ever do :)
i'd totally go there tomorrow to try them but nothing's open! on my list of things to try :)
i don't thnk they retire numbers. mr c still owns the #3 & pays to renew the ownership of it every year from what i understand :)
can you follow us? i wanna tal to u direct message! :)
got the email omg i love it!cant wait for the world to hear ohhmyy i cant stop listening to it =)
thnx for the follow!! u are too funny ^_^
it would be really nice to have something like nokogiri in nodejs ... but i am not the one who is going to do it :)
who has a formspring? tweet it to me so that i ask u a question :)
np :) thk u !
u have my blessing to go indulge in some patron asap :-)
i'm at american airlines center in dallas, tx watching a hockey game. just ran into the nutty bavarian. his nuts are delicious. :-)
q:one of these days, maybe your magic won't a... a:hate that i love you... sooooooooooooo!! :)
#ff :)
