and you're a cool fiction mistress! :)
yes, just a bit heavier rt ya he gained some weight but still effective :)
if you love the #jonasbrothers (this better get alot of rts or else) :)
make sure to send me pics of you guys in my t-shirts when you get em :d
http://www.districtlines.com/comic-fire-7
dear lord please forgive me for the things that im about to say in this next hr :)
offline, hope will refolloow me asap :)
get me more followers please ?? :)
heh heh exactly! :)
eh it's ok. i prefer the cold & wet weather up here. :-) (not really) pool de casa
thanks! :)
...uploading :)
mum needs to learn how to park properly! hehe :)
yeah i have been lucky and have done good and have received everything. that damn ipod touch still eludes though :)
fuck yeah! :d
:) park somewhere we cant be disturbed
good night everyone! i had a terribly productive day... and i'm going to do it all again tomorrow. :)
looks like seth is super excited about his soon to be meal :) and i are starving.
cuz update :-) david had a big day today-he moved to rehab where he will get pt, ot, speech & respiratory therapy. thx 4 all good wishes!
oh hey hot stuff.. what's cooking? :)
#ff she needs followers lol so all of my 1,886 go follow her :)
yessssss! :)
ooh now im goin to bed. being mad. haa,haaaaaaaa. badnight :)
i still haven't seen the last song yet, i'm gonna try go today! can't wait to see you in it :)
that's all true.. deka loren :)
#infolimit limit! dong for my sista :d
rebeca and from venezuela.. so tell me ya name again.. and excuse me ;) i know ur from mx :)
i'm trying to start :)
q & a seessshh. ask me anything :d
more , less playing half life 2 :)
a local #lovelansing celeb : ) featured on slaves to fashion fashion: glamour.com:
thanks!! that's awesome!! :d
hahaha! i keep telling myself the same thing. angel on 1 side. devil on other. deadline 4 jude 2morrow. almost done! :)
thanks for the shoutouts :)
you could be in the sahara with the boys and have a blast. then again, you'd probably find that fun. :d
u shud follow me back lol :)
awww :) thank you! is a cutie
*giggles adorably wrinkling my nose and rubs my face back against yours, meows* teeheeeeeeeeee! :d
why are you so gorgeous! seriously, your beautiful :) haha. well, my mom&dad u know.. (; lol but thankyouu! <3
im good now that the backrub is on :) hehe
hi, follow me back?? =)
if you love the #jonasbrothers (this better get alot of rts or else) :)
fixing to leave big house, heading to copper cantina, with my girlfriends from high school :)
thanks! it's been very fun to work on. :)
latrice c'mon now! no problem at all. i'm so learning!<~and you are doing! :-)
i think it was 4 in one. hahaha :)
morning all!!... okay maybe not morn :p haha so... what's up?! :d shoutout to ---> <-- again for the shout!!
5 for 5 anyone? :)
i'll go with it, even for there,...purple is just one color in the rainbow. :d
if you list me now ill give you a shouuutout :) just tell me if you did!
instead of following me since you already are, will you tweet me instead? :) teehee♥
r #ff favorite because she has alot of golden eggs in her basket. :) <= thank you my friend... right back at ya! :)
thnx! =) & i hate grls! girls are more then bitches. not enough words to describe them. amazing make up work btw!
wow, i could ask for a nicer easter weekend forecast! it's going to be sunny and close to 80 degrees all weekend! :)
thanks for #ff, papo :) this my ninja right here -->
off to see the last song with drew!!! i can't wait :-)
this if you are a girl :d
:) he's always happy when i come. he mopes so sad when i leave. i love that little doggie!
(test, test, test) and.... it looks good. thanks again! :-)
ahahahahha :) i can unfollow you :) much better ;) ahahahah <3
i must say i do miss hair hehe :) definately plan to check out your music.
i love looking at your new avatar. you look very beautiful in it. like i said its my fave one you have used. :)
umm, me i think! haha :)
hey there! omw =)
omgggggggggg! he is so0o cute! =)
this is hacking this shit , i love my bitch , yup yup i love my girl ; follow me i follow back : )
lol! i love the enthusiasm! thank you :)
hey ty it's paris from he eiffel tower ！and mom sao my hair looks like it's not been brushed in a month :)
i can't wait to see that! the girl they picked looks just like salander looked in my head. :)
gd morning k...have a gr8 day. :)
can you this, please :) all you rockers at #easterfest make sure you check out bestbefore sunday 8:50pm alley stage!!! woo!!
am i the only one obsessed with the maine? ahahaha :)
oh good. i hope they respond :)
dont twitpic love.. ustream! lol look how spoilt we are :)
happy birthday to my sister shelly!!!!!!!!! :)
if you love how much justin cares about his fans!! :)
if u follow i will put you on the list to be followed by justin,christian, & sean kingston :)
we havin a slumber party :) lmao
if you want to be listed 10 times ! :d
cheers, greg. you and i are overdue for a pint. :-)
um, wow!!! my feet hurt just thinking about that! sheesh! i would need all types of pedicures, foot massages and prayers :-)
yay i am following 80 people the more people who follow me the more i follow other people lol =)
every saturday and sunday off. relaxing holidays. until this afternoon, working out in the evening, darling :d
my ninja tasigh needs a twitter.. i need someone to cut on. :)
i look forward to telling me about her sermon. :)
sounds like plan. thanx :)
oh. thanks for the infooo(: , haha follow me? :)
my sincere gratitude for your mention : )
you're cute. :) shhhh!
:d dont let the last person that hurt you,, rob you of loving someone new with all your might
so apparently weve had 2 tweets on the homepage already. woot :)
i don't know about them but we ugly folks are fine hello gorgeous people how is life? :)
lolol martha has way too much time on her hands if she is putting chickens to sleep! rofl..hope you are doing great :) xoxo
i love how the #jonasbrothers thank us for every tt we give them. it just shows how much they love us :)
a belated happy birthday to a gorgeous baby boy! mat and little pete are both precious. :)
we'll come back soon :)
heading to hot shortly to blast through your speakers :)
so excited for you!! congrats :)
i appreciate you for trying :d
cool! my favorites, were the '10 grammys one, the victorian thing the vmas & the dress she wore to meet the queen =)
thats good ive been good thanks :)
you're welcome :)
i'm learning you can't jump at the name in texas. texas freedom network? sounds kooky, but it's planned parenthood people :-)
haha wassuppp :)
awe, thank you, so appreciated. hopefully i will keep it interesting. :-)
thanks for the follow =)
theme for the following week: :d
im all smiles here see --->>>> :-) =] lol
off? >>rt nothin bout to get drunk! :)
fun night on the upstairs porch w friends. hope we didnt keep the neighbors up w our laughter and conversation :)
yep, flashing cm 5.0.5 on it :)
thank you for the tweet. and for following me. :)
hope it works out for you. :)
very very welcome for #ff :)
bahaha. i love dory. what do we do we swim :d
please follow my kind & environmental humanitarian friends & this #ff. i'd follow them anywhere. :d
lol...you're a braver girl than i, gunga din. i'll just get it all made the restaurant. no trial and error there :)
ok haha thats good. :)
thanks!! hope you got what you needed :) #followfriday: wedding photographers w/insight
q:your random postings of hot guys is greatky a:thanks. :)
yes i did :) but we agreed that we cant stand a distant relationship we would understand it and keep our friendship <3
we'd like to send out a huge thank you to and for thier awesomeness today! thanks for the #ff's you guys! :)
thanksss loveee :d
&hello new followers i followed all of you back ^_^
thanks so much! it's all my hubby! i heart him so much :)
hope you have a great weekend as well! enjoy the beautiful weather :)
come to my stickam! www.stickam.com/fueledxbyxtaylor ! idc if i know your or not, im bored & babysitting. helppp! :)
big up leeds. great night at mission tonight. :)
morning noneeeeeeeeey! ☺ morning mpok onah... :d
good! no one retweeted that, wouldn't have mattered anyway, i like her. :)
yes no more weapons dwig :)
#ff she needs followers lol so all of my 1,886 go follow her :)
lmao--i thought we were free associating :)
awws okay have a lovely night in :)
if you love the #jonasbrothers (this better get alot of rts or else) :)
hey whats good what u up 2 :)
herro thair! :d
hello bootyful! :)
hahahahaha! lol! he just always volunteering me for something! i aint sign up for anything! hahahaha!! i really am nice! =)
watching a friends marathon! they crack me up even on my worse days! ^_^
it's the back rub, baby it's the back rub! :) definitely missed you too! yup!
can you guys take a minute to please sign this :)
if you love how much justin cares about his fans!! :)
hey!! :d
you sure?? ipaused them just 4 my sis :)
thank u!!! :) come say hi to us after!
awwww i always miss you :)
i'm fine :d thanks! when it's ur birthday :d ?
i have missed my man...i wouldn't miss this for the world :)
hope he does tricks computer :)
vote for whitney in glee competition :)
just had an amazing phone convo with we so need to do drinks soon miss u chadly. :-) p.s. don't worry u will b goning 2 that conciert
haha hate unfollowers!! -.- lol <33 no prob :)
aww, i miss you too. lmaoo :)
last fitting before the show tomorrow, loving my outfits!! :)
<3 :d
demo tomorrow morning at royal river natural foods in freeport, me. if you're in the area, we would love to meet you :)
lol okay! because i lubbz you :)
oh yeah hey boo u was cute :)
aww thanks :) #ff
"the dwarf breathes so loud we could have shot him in the dark." i do love me some elves. oh yes i do :)
my comment had been if that meant pilots could fly high while feeling high. :-)
have to figure out her birthday jewels--i have some pink rose charms that may be just the thing :)
follow > follow > follow > follow > follow > :) 1
um, i was once a 15 year old girl? that should totally explain it. :) kiss kiss
uhohhh!!! :d ready!
going well. working on migrating a site to a new server and taking care of some last minute coding. another friday evening :)
the most from the if was 22 rted on the wondering what justin is doin every second i have some stalker followers :)
-happy birthday to me!!! <- happy birthday =) !!!!!! <-- thank yooouu, i appreciate it :)
que grosa empezó el tt #jonasbrothers ♥ :)
i swear u are soooo random lol dont make no sense smh « lmao!!! if its making dollas it don't gotta make sense :)
ask me something before i sign off :)
folloqws :d
thank you =)
shoutout to my 1,110th follower!! --> :d
if you love the #jonasbrothers (this better get alot of rts or else) :)
welcome :)
hiya! my goodness it's been a while! how are you??? :)
i may be "metal", but you are "metal"! thanks for the #ff love! :) #thedudeabides lol!
14 :) where are from ?
mmmm tuna pancakes they only have it in pasadena«« damn i didn't try it :( next time :)
sure!! :)
:) yeah im gonna
oh yay thank you :)
thanks! :d
thank you ma'arm! : ) #followfriday
what about and the podcast? :)
iyaaart hihihi seru ya yg first2 :) exited,ntar first ini ntar first itu hih
it's an app called 'cross process' :)
send dat plz :)
he's a minor leaguer...because you havent been reading the minor league section of your reds media guide :)
thanks! :) follow >> now!
hahah :) hustlersss baby!<3 gettin money and bitchesss!
boa noite!!! :) twitterland me voy a dormir, feliz noche para tod@s
:) nice meeting you misty!
first person to follow gets a big shoutout :d
they're all true.. deka loren :)
if u throw me a bash can u make sure is there lmao <-- yesss! wooot :d
hey! :d
follow it's a joint tweet feed for me & where we will be blogging about all the madness we encounter & partake in :-)
hope you enjoyed :) bahahaa
