i will be there for graduation! my little brother graduates :) but of course that's not until may
wanted to go tonight, but no one wanted to go with :( clash of the titans was pretty great :)
hi laura! :-) doing well, how are you?
i got the coolest shadesss, a zoo york jacket, nikes, & pants from areo, successful shopping day :)
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
bc i end up hooking up and never seeing the boy again. i would like to change the way i do it. take ur advice, thx :)
really??? i cried last episode with laurens confession :/ i ♥ david :)
:) there will come a time when you believe everything is finished. that will be the beginning. louis l'amour
yepp thats what i think of lolz! your my marshmallow hahahah :)
gee, thanks. :)
11:11 :) <3 make a wish
burger by :) <-- that looks pretty nice!
no of course not :) i told u it but it's fine <3
about 7 games left until the nba regular season is over! :d woooo!
i got da best hair lady in da world hehe.i woulda never attempted this or many other styles if not 4 her, she hooks me up :)
probably, but then i'm all for getting ppl used to wave (get so frustrated being forced to use email now :-)
#followfriday great tweets all :)
thanks my friend. had a great time and it is good to be back. : )
:d one of the glow sticks! i can't wait to see rcmh on june 18th!!! :d its gonna (cont)
@flymrwhite heyy :) did u follow me ? if u didn't , follow me back pleasee ? :)thanksss <3 <--- nawwwww
it was so great to meet you :)
follow and now! :d *random shoutout..* o_o
thank you so much :) enjoy! ;-0~
can you guys please sign this it'd mean a lot to me :)
i <3 you :) when he get ready to bust,i let him bust in my mouth #causehelikethatshit
nooo i thought easter was nxt weekend soooo i had set an appt for this wed. sooo ill send them to u when i get them :)
wish i was there with you guys :)
i notice..in almost every tweet i do a smile :) ..
mare mareee can't wait!!! :)
:-) lol what's up lady, thanks for the follow
it really depends on who you play with :)
bol!! clearly i aints got dat pwoblem! or just bad social manners :) she looks steameelicious! dat rates a double :)
#ff :)
hey. nothing much really & you? :)
love ur new pic =)
you know the one that had the medical emergency? :)
teaching about twitter. : ) she is my kick ass aunt! say hi!
okay 10 fo 10 folowers :)
word!!! rt: ms_jazzy_t: #shoutout2dagirlz who luv to suck dick!! =)
. . . and be sure to remember that the value might be a moving target :-)
if your reading this please list me one time . :) <3
i couldnt watch that ustream! it wouldnt let me log in!! i want to happy!! and im still up :) x
life....? is amazing! enjoy it! live it! love it! revel every freaking moment! have fun! but work hard too! taught me that :d
thank you so much for the #ff. :)
good morning :)
i ♥ friday nights :)
nicky i want to do a feature on my humanitarain blog of you! will you follow so i can dm you! :)
i can't wait!! when do you think it'll be up? :d
the lovely is out drinking with twitter peeps :)
on tinychat. with some awesome wowp fans :)
haha yes! :) i wish i sounded that awesome ;)
i wish i was in california :)
double fisting the drinks tonight? ut oh :)
minneapolis- diesel & kerosene can (st. p crocus hill ): dirty but in great condition! free! :) you pick up!
whos coming to see me dance tonight at voodoo lounge 11-3am!? i got a full guestlist! come down & party with us! :)
hey what's up its elsa here :d
what's new? :-) standards expert — "microsoft fails the standards test" #openstandards #ooxml
what company is it from? i love it too! damn i love white zinfindel wine! this shit is sooooo smooth! : )
:) you bet!! ring around the ass.. luv it
thanks :)
wassup? :)
just got my hair cut with mark desjardis lusious in yaletown. i trust no one but him :)
"the password to my phone is g-o-2-h-e-l-l" lmfao if yo dude says that to you please do me the fav or telling me so i can laugh at you! :)
whatever anger rules anger destroys. don't let it destroy you stay positive :)
anyone else watching #invaderzim on nicktoons right now? we are. :)
long day and we're headed home. have a good weekend! :)
love your latest blog post :)
& thanks so much for the follow friday love! #ff love back at ya :) hope u have a great weekend! #followfriday
the posts are there -- it's just the preview that doesn't work. but yes, i do back up. :-)
i see you're getting your followers up lol<this is what i do.. i promote :-)
sweet love your new pic :) pretty intense
very welcome! :-)
ur lil killin socks how cute :)
do me a favor and sign up for this site pleaseeeee :)
morning guys.... :)
charlie rose is doing an amazingly extensive demo of the ipad. :-)
special #ff to all my niley family: :)
im tweeting my nipples. awe fuck thats niice :)
thanks :)
:) ty love love love & thanks!! #followfriday #love >
#dontfuckwith cuz i will #destroy your life -- i knoww thas right :d
well thanks sugafoot :-) lol
portuguese sweet bread,dark mahogany coloured shine-perfect! think i need a new pastry brush though. #bba :)
i like this evening...not much of a party night, just a...chill night :)
you have an awesome weekend too! :)
lol..lol i know..i was trying to have it come across funny, but i don't think i wrote it right lol :)
awww das koool. me and tony js ordered chinese :)
like my new name? :)
hell yeah! you'll be the first one to know :)
i voted for you :)
indeed it was! :-)
so sad i'm missing launch day with all of you at r123. rock it out guys! you all are the best alright. :)
hahaha i love you tara and peary :)
lmao! i will be careful :) you know gin make you sin! be careful!
uhh, i think i love you. seriously :-)
thanks ron. :)
i want those and the red ones =)
aww ok ! :d are u mad? its up to u!
oh ya and thxs for followin me =)
hahah tu vai no show do ucker? :)
