won't argue about it don't believe in imposing my politics, religion, os choice and programming language on others :d
yes, should modify that "at the mo, not my path" :) but life changes, often overnight. when get back to qld will reconsider
thank you :)
:) :o give me your name its so cool katia :)
you has ham? :)
follow me :)
heyyy thanks for the follow :)
first ten people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/christian need to follow/dm!! :)
about to pass the cookietime factory. mmm... cookie time! :)
lol i got submitted to win backstage passes to meet miranda lambert on thursday :)
getting to know my niece :)
btw.. you'll move this.... ma...one way is dog, one way is horse...meh...means mother :) when i sweet talk mom i say 'kuhn meh kah'
hello :) lol i'll follow you if you follow me .
followed :)
how about u? :)
turn sound maker off! *sound of crickets chirping* : ) i should ask r ya'll staying outta trouble
we'll be waiting :)
next 3 people who follow are the most amazingest, coolest people ever :) kayy?
shouts to these funny new followers =)
okaayy(: you have to get me 1,850! :d
soo godbless everyone :)
really ?! :)
guys get to 100 people her please :d
"...jumpin in n out ya _-_-_ tryna stretch it outtttt!!..../" -chad butler :) "she love it" #ugk4life
i jus bought so sniclkers :)
first ten people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/christian need to follow/dm! :)
i am doing awesome :)
congrats! that is so awesome that you will be published! start practicing your autograph... :-)
nah...just frustrated with some stuff...it'll blow over. at least i have brisket and pork for cooking tomorrow :)
ooo sorry my bad, hahah :d
haha de nd moxa :d
:) mr. and mrs. majeran. gorg dressssssss!
daddy joy is the best! =)
lmao.....i'm saying it takes hard work to keep it looking right :)
had amazing cake for lunch today...it wasn't just chocolate! it was a little piece of heaven! :) happy birthday
at a dinner party with the girls!!!! :-)
"im hoping that this ain't to hard to believe cuz baby you're the only one for me" :-)
kelly and reba tonight in knoxville. they did together "boy" and "why haven't i heard from you". check the blog, guys. =)
watching ncis :d
how are you? :-) <~~ doing well. watching lord of the rings on tbs and relaxing. have a nice night!
stop saying that that sound dum bahahah is that (cereal) :)
thanks for the #ff shoutouts! i got yall! :)
lol i didn't know but we skipping fosters for the red tonight lol cheers!! :)
haahha well hey :) im bored too coz everyone is sleeping
you're welcome! of course all of kazoo is yours...right? :)
heyyyy how's my friend from florida? :) it on hitaus right now- check hulu.com if u r going through w/d
loool. eurghh in bed. some musics. :)
thank you everyone for the support and the rt's and the #ff i truly appreciate each and everyone of you :)
ur very sexy. why are u following me? lol :) no homo
yes :) the dodger/twitter love brought us together!!
what do you think about my tweet below? click to like! click to dislike! thanks :)
what a nice passover meal! :-) look yum!!
veryyy cool! :) sankies again!
ahhh!! birthday party tm at 8 pm!!! if you're coming!! :d
#ff we love too! :)
aaron aziz deserves to be lauded! he brought out gangster joe really well! he spoke cantonese! awesome! :d
no worries. loves me, can't help herself :-)
haha, anyways thanks and i love you :) and i love it <3
ditch #boywinder and #husbandwonder and come hang with kyle. :)
followed :) follow back :)
a hostile person lives in a hostile world, a loving person lives in a loving world." lets just love one another :)
thanks for andy. are you back on the grid? :)
weekend! so, excited to post four new original themes for s60v3. :)
squeesh u almost took my head off :)
picking it up tomorrow. i don't need 3g in mine. that's what my phone is for. :) i live at starbucks remember? they have wifi
haha, stay tuned & keep your eyes peeled on our future giveaways =) ^kn
:) everyone is telling me this...i need to not get my hopes up though. because if on august 4th i'm standing there (c)
yes :) mines july 10th and you?
me 2! gr8 dancin w/u and the camp again! takes me bac2 miley's dance battle! :) yay rehearsals day 2 :-) omg i'm so sore!
can ya follow > < & help her reach her goal :) please
enjoying knc so far... great to see so many friends out there, thanks for the support! looking forward to the weekend! :-)
ur good :) & hello! hello. i think you might be thinking of samantha sang. she did vocals on the original version
yes! is amazing :) thanks for the link! i ended up at zazie's and the food was amazing.
you definitely don't see that everyday. :)
q:whats ur middle name ? a:nicole :d
sounds good :)
u r a tease!! yup!! i love it =)
topsail beach, nc!! and you definitely should have come with us!! :) next time, i will let you know!! :-d
hopefully my link will work :) good for a couple of dollars. ...
tq. big hug! : )
because of the hanuman connection, my mum loved ben stiller as a na'avi on the oscars!!! :)
thanks for #ff mentions :d
i love redbull!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it gives u wings :d <spiderman>
#jonasbrothers stole my heart :)
it's understandable. let yourself have some fun tonight. :-)
ohh yeah today is friday are you uploading today :)
whats poppington twin !? :)
thanks buddy! =)
yes it is!!!! :) you would not believe ur eyes. if 10 million fireflies.... lit up the world as i fell asleep.
you're the bestest. thx for always being such a great supporter. oxoxo andy: giver =)
i know sis??? btw did i tell u i got a gf called green back :-)
was hanging out talking to and lost all track of time. inspiring her? thought i was interrupting her :)
aww thanks sugar :-)
please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
nice! we'll try to send some peoples your way after the movie :)
your name is taylor! :)
that would be great too! i have some stuff that wouldn't fit in the table. maybe i'll pick up some shadow boxes. :)
you're most welcome! :) thanks for doing a fantastic job spreading the word about you rock!
