i'll share this with you too :) from my senior year at uga. where did the time go????
#ff twitpic.com/1cks9l <-- this sweetheart :d
yay thanks :)
cool anyone good on it :)
wakey wakey baby ;-) time to rise sunshine :-) miss u :-( remember <first tweet to me> hehe :) love uuuuuuu,mwahhhhhh
awwww, that means more $$$, so it's all good! that's a $ drop bomb there. :)
looking forward to scrapbooking tomorrow. clicky leaves for ok tomorrow also. hope andy can keep busy all alone. :-) #fb
im backkkkkkk =) *drake voice* say something baby say say something baby
i haven't met a coffee from south america i didn't like. :) thanks doug you're awesome.
---> 20 ppl follow them now at awesome persone and amazing fan of justin bieber <3 !!!!! cmon =)
home finally. with chilllaaaan :)
yes, feeling better cj. not a 100% yet but, i'm on my way there! :)
must be why its 4k, "aluminaum" must be premium aluminum. with the $3500 in profit you'd think they would spell check. :)
whoaaaa that looks nice :)
you work too hard. enjoy a little break :)
it's mine!!! and jonathan loves theresa's taste in #landscape #art :)
meet me half way tho =)
fact #9 when justin was little, he wanted to be a mechanic when he grew up :)
nice work wood morning! always proud... =)
no, i was saving the best for last! #ff this sexy guy!!! he is the sexiest :)
hey how have you been :)
hotubbin on the deck :)
just had a great dinner at the light horse in alexandria :)
i won't have my clubs either; let's get there and see if we can find some time and near by course. :)
dinner tonight delicious wagyu the beef after being cooked. yum! :) (via
he'll do. :)
noooooooooooo hahah :)
goin live rite now rite now rite now live on ur blackberry www.linkupradio.com < i'm tuned in : )
ok, i have wine :d
ty for the rts much appreciated. hugs to you all :)
come inhere pleasee,if u do ill make u a belieber braclet just ahve to remind me :)
rumo a 8.000 followers ... :d :d
youuuu r such a tease!!! love it! :)
awesome! thanks for asking. got heaps of easter eggs and chocolate :d
:-) just checking...
iight forsuuure :) huntington?
i've been great!! havent talked to you in awhile...you good? :)
no prolem :)
of course :)
new pictures. :)
: ) #ff (harlem world->) (inspirational ->)
thank you julie! :-)
you are and you need to be. i thought you knew that already. :-)
sheesh. you're one tough cookie! :)
versatile lady is our irene :-)
:)
yeah same here but i do have a tendency to howl at the moon every now and again :)
have fun in the studio scooter :-)
god! thank u i know my purpose now! things happen for a reason!! <had that realization the other day.it's a good feeling : )
august 29 to august 31 justin bieber is in new york :)
my ride or die chick :) ima get her laid 2maro ♥ lol so we can have pittpups
everyone be safe & god bless, bbl =)
see you at both spots!!! i'll be performin!! :d
thanks :)
thanks for all the #ff's everyone much appreciated! :) xo
goin to eat some icecream...yummy :) lol. message mee.! or add mee !! :):
i know but i wanted to sound nice lls jk :)
no worries, just email her :) she'll work something out with you she uses her lj page for email i think
yes i just saw u in :) demi moore bahahaha
yeh, can't deny that.. that doesn't mean he's a loser or not cool, cos i bet lots of people would love to be him :)
aww, i <3 hobo. :)
i'm watching bubbagirl play with a mrs. potato head for the first time... she's intrigued :)
just watching e! news. :)
im out guysss :)
thanks for the mention i appreciate that :d
hey i switched accounts, it's dev, follow again? :)
:) thanks & hope ur weekend is a great one!
:) thanks!!
so .. i've been neglecting my new followers. say hi! i'd like to get to know you. and reconnect with the oldtimers too :)
big time kudos for working out while sleepy! and also permission to go to bed! :)
: ) how are you doing now? feeling better?
one more person please follow :d
they say today is good friday... it a good friday for me every friday! :)
kk :) what will i get you too ?
happy birthday for thursday :) x was it a good one?
i'm not working :)
shoutout to my new follower!! he cute so follow him too!! :-)
thanks for the #ff! hope you had a great day! :-)
16+ can have beer n wine. 18+ gets everything :)
list me, ill list back :)
yup. :) but what u doin tonight
i'll soon be out scouting. should i see a few 100,000's of snow geese, i'll be sure to be taking a few pics to share :)
little bit....love ya anyway. :)
3 more followers pleeeease? :d
practice makes ...better :)
i am following you now please follow me :)
20 more! :) please click this link then the status! :) thank you !
haha how many mentions do you get a minute? how many people are even in this contest? and okay i can do it :)
#jonasbrothers are my whole life :) <3
luck girl! what kind do you have--i'm waiting for my p.o.s. motorolla to kick it, then i'm getting a good one! :)
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
:d aww! hahahaha yess! you are very bossy!!
holyyy shizz u got me 5 followers in only 20 seconds!!!! :d
just watched episode1 of #food revolution and it brought tears to my eyes. i hope he succeeds! anything is possible! :)
:) oh yeah im mrs vampire bieber and my boy is mr vampire bieber we give each other love bites on are necks :) hawt !! :) omb :)
well missy you have to take part! we'll see how the night goes and if we have to, we always have tomorrow :)
:-) im still hopin someday the catholic church will b open & affirming towards lgbt comm- suenos de 1 mexicana perhaps but i dream
oh look. it's your girly twin :d
not yet! i just watched the finale of season one. :d
ur welcome! =)
