very good very good :) ill get back with you early next week.. hope you have a good holiday weekend!
how have u been my florida stud? lol hi mrs bam bam :d
hearts all around. :)
apa aja gue makan, lapeeer :) re: junkfood
wanna come remodel my house :)
definitely want to see girl with the dragon tattoo. hear it's great. i'm a netflix girl though! may be a while. :)
q:ur cute love =) a:apreciate it
ask me anythin =)
sounds good :) enjoy girls!* take1 dwn 4me2 just having a drink w/ my girl
anyone here is a master of show me photos and itookthisonmyphone apps on blackberry? need tuiton la. malas nak baca! :)
q:yeah :) i love how you do your make up hun is really ckute really... a:aw thank u hunny <3
me all the way :)
love that pic bz!!! and thanx 4 my jäger shot last night! :) love u mucho!
okay, i cannot tweet anymore. so tired. check in tomorrow for vh-1 results. good night, all. :)
awesome job jasmin. :) soooo nice of you to dedicate it to april too. #ripaprilbieber
hell yes. pretty woman is on. julia roberts is the love of my life. so long internet :)
the jonas brothers are tt?! huh... i dont like that lets make #paramore a tt!! :d
i'll think it again after you showering :)
if he made it rock? hmm... i would make his range rover rock! :) ahha...
happpyy easter everyonee <3 hope you get lots of candy. and share with me. :d
thank u :)
omfg. what a bitch! i'm so sorry :( she's no worth it and you have real friends unlike her :) lova ya<3
i love uh girl with good conversation.. :)
silly thing. :)
thanks for the follow! :)
and are finally together!!! || a twitter romance? // yep! we were 'twitter-pated" =)
what's goin on with justin in yur icon pic? its kinda creepy yet so high-larious!!! :d haha! i have no idea. ask justin..
ya sure :) hello :) :) thanks for following me quickly ;) i guess now i should create a separate list :) :)
thanks sweets :)
luv her hair!! i haven't put up a pic of her lately. so here you go!<--omg!!! :)
i'm home :)
ur hair looks fly mama! very sassy and youthful! go get 'em girl!!! :)
#jumpoffabridge or #goplayintraffic? which oneeee should i do -- both :)
happy birthday ♡ have a wonderful one in sincaipo with larry yah :) xoxo
as usual, great! how's davao? :)
followww --> :)
here bout to eat lolz :) n you ?
follow > follow > follow > follow > follow > :) 5
i and kika on the way to mta by transjkt, with too :)
#nowplaying fearless platinum ed. :)
thank you :)
this morning, denny's. this evening, ryans steak house. i need to cook at home! although, i bought a new cook set tonight :)
night night :) i am heading out too... just exhausted. long long week with teething monkey.
yey! send it to me when your done in a tweet!! i love u i do u know that sis!! i cant miss the backrub =) i know that =)
mertmelema who wants me to follow them back? :)
okayy so my 3300 tweet goes tooooo.... & again :) because i love em soooo soo so soo much! <3
would u plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute. plz? thx.. :)
let's give dat a name...hmmmm...how about "leadership!" :-)
ummm... yeah..... bout that driving part... :)
early airport run w pete > pancakes w danika > markets & sushi w nat = a day full of fave ppl! then great news from friends to top it off :)
heyyy everyone!!! follow me!!! please!!!! :)
100 song playlist (broadcasting live ) :)
at last got bey a grammy, where yours?? *waits* exactly #fail! :-)
your word is my command :)
really looking forward to the cocktail tweet-up hope we'll be able to do it on st clair beach :)
chuck the rest of the crowd, do ur thing.. a non sirjee guy a a refreshing change even to sirjee :)
lol i knew u was :)
i'm here to entertain y'all . . . =) cuz i luvv yall
i've managed 3 stay awake til now 2 tweet u in an attempt 4 u 2 b able 2 c my tweet! i sent u a dm if u care 2 answer me :)
follow --->@foreveralways13 <---- she's my favorite :)
titip teman atau ke www.inksomniastreetwear.com aja :) lg ga di jogja jd ga bsa ke booth (cont)
by the way we're guessing if there is any twitter fandom for davichi? tweet us if you know :) thank you :)
#ff and .. you should follow them :)
just received a very complimentary email from someone i highly respect in the poker biz. finally feeling my confidence return. :)
it could always be worse cuzz. i love you so it can't be that bad :-)
just freshened up! headed to another spot!!! :)
mmmdowwwntown :) haha hello san diego ☺ and hello irish man we've adopted ♡♡♡ who's out tonight?? come (cont)
im soo excited for the #jonastour2010 :d are you?? then tweet #jonastour2010 & #jonasbrothers ;)
#ff <---she's mad cool :d
who? haha dude im down :d
welcome back! we missed you. :)
ée ;/ ta bom :d porque eu tenho neeneem :d thank you *-*
blue bell cherry cheescake. omygosh :d
honestly…i'm tired of bein single…i want a boyfriend! :) lol
#peopleshould #juststfu :)
about time... :p just kidding i've made a few loans myself. :)
still soar from boxing practice. =/ finna work on my speed and endurance tomorrow. =)
follow > follow > follow > follow > follow > :) 2
viendo dr house :-)
that was a great blogtv session guys! see you their next week =)
come with me :d
thank you :)
i c the so i gotta show luv *happy bday* njoy be blessed! :)
for the record...we were not a part of any toilet paper fiasco. :-)
happy birthday :-)
lol ur a doll :-)
yesss!!!! i'm excited :)
stop don't say that! be happy brodieee! : )
truly lucky for all the #ff love. thank you :d
i like what you are sayin about tauruses :-)
credit cards are good if you plan on buying stuff you can't afford. i hate using the pear amex :)
following u now babe!! =)
:d i love when alex plays the piano. <3
well hello there sir!! i think a tiny chat is calling your name :) and a really awesome person is in there ;)
thanks for the kind words, colleen! :)
if you love the #jonasbrothers (this better get alot of rts or else) :)
def diff from when i started! :) thanks for supporting! see u on the dancefloor buddy! (cont)
i read tuesdays with morrie today. the whole book, in a day full of between-class breaks, train rides, and lunch in the sun. :)
i like the 6th one :d
a belated thanks for the #ff :)
<-- comment it! i went to beach yesterday :) i ♥ you..
glad it's not sunday :)
go follow me at :) i think i should get to 5,100 :d
thnx!! i really hope so aswell we're on the best way! but let us reach 1000 first =) help me=) xo
hey hey :d
it's the greatest show...i watch it at least once a year. :)
baby i missed you so much :) ♥
gua! yang mau gue follow ya! 20 orang aja (bantu dong yg baik) :)
please follow me i am following you :)
my first was ac/dc :)
lol...uh uh...those rose petals stay where they are :)
i love the "early powerpoint" :d
had so much fun today with and my godsister :-) even got to see my baby for a little.
checking your livej now | we should look for a camera sponsor & make this a real competition =)
thank you :) same to you
watching love jones, sipping (gulping) my drink. turned off th phone and i'm isolating. only reachable thru twitter :)
skyping with :) follow them i love them<3
made my nite. ty :) shoq wow i´ll never get bored with youx3. u tweet a lot, i can finally say i found a real twitter person.
:-) la is the place
i guess i should go to sleep now. goodnight. love you #jonasbrothers :)
to come as well : )
wooooo its about time he got you. yay :) congrats!!!!
you ever seen a show called "justified" about a marshall raylan givens? i think you might like it! :)
haha! jasmine, jared, and some other girl are singing sweet dreams. :d
#nowplaying black milk "try" :d
thank u very much for listing me and for the #ff reco :)
:d i just got up from a 3 hr nap...i knew i felt something next to me :-/
goodnite! enjoy the beach tomorrow =)
colors......i see the most beautiful colors make this so very special donnie :)
i need to lay off the chocoalte !! i had waaay too much :d
baby must be teething she has been a bit cranky the last couple of days. <-- guess i am also teething ... :d
<-- comment it! i went to beach yesterday :) i ♥ you
are you teleporting again? :)
that's awesome! i can't wait to hear what you think. i have to tell my grandfather you're using his recipe! :)
#nowplaying mariah carey- "fly like a bird"...alltime fave =)
congratulations....from one old man to another : )
movie was great. now the second half of the lakers game : )
thanks lol, i hope they do it hahaha :)
:)
ya i just realized that :) u were right law abiding citizen is crazy love it watchin now
i'm made for balenciaga :-) and i have pretty feet :-)
gud mrnin,have a grt day! lotsa love :-)
out with my partner in crime! having oodles of fun! :) lmfao
its . follow me i want 250. that two more :) & guys i talked to on the phone. ommmmmfg!
if you are not a blood sibling of justice and maria coleman you are not a aunt or uncle :)
omg i just got 404 followers i love :)
brazil :) , see? i can help you when you need,
are you out and about stalking the ipad stalkers?? are you going to sf tomorrow? i'm thinking about it... :)
oh ok its just 7 minutes after midnight here :)
umm, i think hes 4 or 5 :)
..@mikeboogie just called me said to find him he's guna show u love he got a table (if u don't have 1 already :)
i'm good, how are you? :-)
awww<3. that's so sweet :) and we're going to meet guuurlll. just wait and see ;]
i am? lol thankyou :) he's really cute ;)
it's a place where geeks like me can do the sci-fi comic book thing. its sf's version of comic con :)
i just texted u to see if u made it home but i see u did. :)
after effects of sleeping late..party's delayed by 30 minutes. :d
yuuup ciroc red berry on deck =)
yeah pretty much! :d & plus shes talked to him before too.
:@chineyrudegal talking to my =) <---luh dis girl! dats my g 4 life!
ha! i'm goin 2moro! tix already bought :-)
if you know spanish :) :) :)
thank you! i followed you back :)
very welcome. :)
bring it on you sexy muthafucka!! :d
almost there but first we had to stop off at our favorite mexican restaurant in town. i love mexican food! :)
friendly and polite they say :)
little trivia-b4 jenni blong got all tv famous guest starring on fringe &playing sookie's mom on #trueblood she used to take my headshots :)
exporting my veda day 2 video :d
thank you, mike! a happy easter to you! :)
lol yeaah i said i would! :)
amin' : ) doain ya supaya egi cepet sembuh.. egi lagi dirawat kena dbd.. kan klo cepet sembuh bisa cepet main lagiii.. :)
my sincere gratitude for your mention : )
wow. i'm on my way! save some for me :)
helo hallo pretty :)
ahaha sounds awesome :)
:) naw it didn't...but when i had to flip it up it did...
who wants 2 talk? :)
you're my new hero. i'm going to have to pick your brain more about this. because now i have a lot of ideas. :)
im only gonna break break break break break break your heart :) -- don't breaaaak my heartt dadddy =) . <--never
you've gone past late into the early zone :-)
i'm craving sunda! you'd bring yellowtail jalapeno and tail of tunas to manor if you loved me :)
thank all of you for the #ff :)
i got 8 followers in 1 min and got her 94 :d
yep thats but i will send it for dm okay? gotta go, goodnight babe :) take care ;) see ya tomorrow :d
nope nope u gave me your skype =) but its ok i got ur skype honey
watching my nigga wendy williams :) // how yu doinnnn lol // lmfaoo!
there she is :-)
i will :d
thanks for the link :) sloped house by hsh architecture.
taanks for the follow! :)
drive by hi :-)
oh ahah! yes you are correct :d [:
i'm in web and now i don't need mobile. if i need mobile when i'm in outside without my laptop :)
and today..... is... #ipad day. :)
the key to preventing that is (if you still have liquid in your cup), swish the liquid around to free the ice cubes :)
i won't tell!! our secret! but did you hear hare lost his spectacles?? :) you are right. virtual friendship is a real s anything!
thanks so much--looking at that now :)
fabulous! curiously, i think there's a bunch of us. :-) i'll have to look for you at rwa!
lmaooo bootyful .. heyyyy u .. :)
