i wached you reach 6,000 and im going to stay up and watch you reach 10,000 :)
i am on dinner, fish cakes with beet and cabbage salad! yummy! moving nicely, may end up in hawaii at this rate! whoops! :)
that's what's up!! lol =) #shoutout2dagirlz that can take the dick...lol {lmfaoooo thas me!!}
beer and stars... :)
if you want to be followed :)
if you want to be followed :)
im going to bed now, i'm knackered, goodnight courtney i love you :) x
anxiously waiting for the new paper melody video. :) on a scale of 1 to 10 its gonna be awesome.
hands over here!! the rest can be sent to the other girls :)
give the bottom of the bottle a firm open handed spank! that usually loosens the cap up :) #tipfromafriend
we got action!!! my cousin is coming to scoop me!!! yayyyy she heard my cry :)
♥ yall :)
omgosh from where !? & yu + nami must come spend the night at my new place with me asap :)
okk np:) i like to help :)
hahaha you will for the birthday :)
you should choose carefully as the baker extraordinaire :)
big #ff 2animal supporters : )
thank you! :)
way to karinas house again =)
heard u smashed the eff out of matter :)
it's about to go down at this metal show... :)
remember muscle weights more than fat :)
if you want to be followed :)
making ricotta pie for one of my friends to take to easter dinner. if that's not love, i don't know what is. :)
thanks for unfollowing :)
awww, thank you!! :) love!! xoxoxo
writing, for the first time in a while. feels good. turns out this whole "talking all day" for a living thing makes drafting pretty easy :)
doing well. i would ask when am i gonna see your sexy ass but... ya know. lol :-)
its on 4th and central....its a good time :)
aren't you supposed to be here in like ten min? :d
i would still like to see audio, video recording plus multitasking on ipad ^_^
jus on my way home mista :) got ice cream fa erybody :) u?
yummmmyyy crabcakes with rice pilaf and broccoli :) grub!!
did combat class this morning, working this afternoon. i'm so earning a chocolate splurge of epic proportions 2mrw. :)
studying, easter egg dieing, my family, and the "zen" channel on my tv. good night! :)
i'm a fan...but i just plugged you on my fb page :)
ps: marley herbal tea would be nice too =) *or just for me* coffee smells nice but i don't drink it.
salmon meatloaf, i could go for that :-)
night scary bitch! still waiting on u to come from hiding! :)
thanks for the #ff :-)
just got word >> << is cuffin me ! haha < #truestory lol :d
hhhheeeeyyyyyy :) #shoutout2dagirls
if you want to be followed :)
np :) yeah i hope that too
hahah woot! loves both too. shes awesome :)
if you want to be followed :)
thanks for the rts today :)
if you live in canada or u.s.a :)
hey can follow me pls?? :) <3
thanks & such fast response. ^_^
hi, cassy. thanks so much for supporting me. :)
sure what's ur goal? :)
okay ill dm justin for you 20x !!! :)
sweet dreams! :) yep, starting to fade. nitey nite! :^)
uhh *tells you something that you find really interesting* :d
like me...:) | :) yupp. y u didn't cuz to da shoot 2day missy
dear bffjoslynn, skyping w you is not helping me get my psych paper done any faster. kthxbai :d xome.
i'm ready! love you lots! yup! :)
followed them :)
shot of whiskey w a shot of pickle juice chaser. actually very tasty :)
lol aww. hope you find it :)
if you want to be followed :)
today, this girl called me a 3 year old. i mentioned i was taller than her. "now who's old enough bitch?!" :)
yes mam! :)
having dinner and drinks at levende east in old town oakland if anyone wants to join, or txt me :)
not that southern. southern as in potato salad, deviled eggs, and fried chicken. sweet tea is universally southern :)
wanna come over for some pop-ovahs? you can eat them with ya fingahs. :)
lol well good decision!<oh really :) we will see won't we
if you live in canada or u.s.a :)
i'm having my one and only mike's hard lemonade that was left in the house. yum :)
be happy :d good advice ---------> don't worry.
keep playin thay axe numb fingers go away quit puahin so hard on them damn strings :)
you're not mad at me don't be silly =) our walk in the park was the best ever btw<2+1
awww i love u so much you will be my bestie 4 ever :) how r ya ?
omgggggggg. that's heaven!!!! :d
sharkeez in manhattan beach pynkz geeked up :)
meee ! :)
everything i do.. brings me back to you #jonasbrothers :)
new moon :)
can i have a shoutout please? :)
okay ill dm justin 20x for you !! :)
thanks for following me i am following u 2! :)
sunday i get to see my papa and my nana. :)
gold and black bitch! :)
lloorrrddd the drink that made is sneaking up on meeeeeee. :)
nuthinsss wrong barb =) wa u up 2
omg...she's more than beautiful. :) be good to her or ima have to kick your ass. i'm just sayin. lol. :p
i love, that movie. :)
thanks for unfollowing :)
hehe ¡gracias! :) <33
hi, you're the only bieber fan i know besides myself that love the jonai. just saying. :)
ummmmm i have no clue cause i'm on 584 :)
#shoutout2dagirlz that like them girlz =)
you..you a hot mess. i just want you to know that from me to you. hot mess. :-)
thanks for the rt! =)
do me a favor and follow my personal :) please?
bieber fans have been trying to spam #jonasbrothers off. and they are obviously failing. :d
how are you? lol u made my day, your funny :)
i am actually, it is super fun! :) got my hair done today and had pizza and movie night and colored easter eggs.
that's so sweet! : ) i've been waiting for you all night gorgeous
im so glad you are in :)
said she wanna sex me. lol :) lol :)
looks like there is an audio recording app already. video and multitasking will come eventually. :)
im chillin, workin on flicks, music, jus relaxin :) u?
you can turn off any friend's notifications...view their page on the app and scroll down. :) #gowalla
i can't wait to get off work!!!! =)
its just like deja vu.. me standing here with you..gotta be somebody (8) nickelback ♥ amor eterno..e inolvidable je :)
lol =) and how sweet, say goodnight to your 9 year old for me =)
haha yeaa !! good job :)
can't wait for my late breakfast at organic produce cafe :-)
thanks mamaz! i appreciate it =)
thanks for the dm :)
:)
waking up need a shower this am, the sun is out and olav has made a very special lunch! more tuna :)
and why not? he can play in the ipl :-)
why thank u! :) -tay
its definitely time for a blunt =) . &nd ima need for rodney to hurry up.
hmm... i wonder what happens when you hold down the home button and the power button on an #ipod touch at the same time? :-)
ha ima crash in a min. wanna return tha #ff'z :) you still here??? i think you should sleep a little bit :)
thank you for the shout out! much appreciated and back at you. :-)
fyi my music efforts have been redirected here :)
tell me you were at the reba show too?! i'm gonna flip haha :)
damn! i knew i was well advised to follow you, darling! can you buy me lunch, at least? :-)
: )
hehe would you take some vampire bots instead :)
thanks :) ♥
i'm beginning to really dislike the smell of tiger balm......wish it could get hotter :)
3 minutes until the next trivia :)
sleepover with the bestieeeee :)
get on skype :)
im gonna go on my other account go follow it :d
hi tegar! hope you're having a great weekend :)
i'm not shunning you for serious! i'm bi, so stop your crying! =p i mean, please stop crying? :)
good night and sweet dreams. :)
will keep you posted...it's going to be a blast : )
sweet. was planning on a massive photoshopping spree using your facebook picture section as source material. :-)
can you follow back haha <3 and i just made you 1400 :d
if it is for frankie... good one, dougie! :) love you, guys.
ill keep that in mind mama :)
dude i thought i saw you!!! yes i'll be your partner :)
if it's 11:00pm or 12:00 pm where u are :)
your gen is lazy. :)
thanks, so are you! :)
i'm sorry, but in my opinion, the words favorite & disco era don't belong in the same sentence. :-)
awww, thank you so much!! :d
lol it's still hot too but really? that's good to hear =)
and here's to you, as well. :) #12for12k
how was your easter yesterday, tuheeps? just found this (http://twitpic.com/1crxd9) today and decided to greet you with it! cheers! :d
thanks for a great scene today ashlyn, not to mention being on time, great wardrobe great attitude :)
ty for the poem =) #ff #moms
thankful for all of it. every last drop of it. the good bad highs low confusing clear lost and found... this life is a pretty one :) xx
fuck them! hahahahahaha :d #jonasbrothers #demilovato
dogs have a great way of saying i love you when you come back from vacation. : )
thank you! :d
thanks for the #ff :) have a great weekend!
tnx :)
i like them but hmmm lakers come first :)
who's in cali or from cali? i need to know =) thanks
#jonasbrothers #mileycyrus #demilovato are just.. my life and my inspiration : ) and they are the best singers in the world! <33 i love them
bieber fans have been trying to spam #jonasbrothers off. and they are obviously failing. :d
my tumblr is strawberrysgirl as well and i'm fairly new so i'm still finding out folks to follow, really :)
if you want to be followed :)
you're sending me cookies? :)
how cute is that...did he have fun at grandpa and grandma's :) he is so cute!
at bdsm 101 at #norwescon watching a friend give anti-handcuff advice on the panel. :-)
undoubtedly both the films will be superhits buddy ! all the best :-)
i'm looking forward to meeting you you made sifr fun. :)
cleaned my room today, did-still doing laundry...gave away some fierceness today-->shoes, handbags, clothes...feel real good about giving :)
good nightt :)
thank u! :)
rumor is that he made up the lhc threat; really just wanted to by an ipad. :)
rt: she said ok! but u have to come over and hang out : ) ah shit lol alright.
it takes a looong time for me to trust somebody. but hey it only made me stronger :)
it shldnt be that far from wisconsin! :-)
the only thing better than crawling into bed tonight and turning off thealarm clock is knowing that i won't turn it back on for 9 days! :)
no problem :)
its the only way i will ever be! you? :)
<-that's our btr video for them from some fans :) rt! they've gotta see it! -obtrst
happy easter everyone! go for a trip to sunshine coast or tamborine mountain :)
yay ! #jonasbrothers still a tt :d ily so much ! :d <3
heyy! shoutout please :)
if you want to be followed :)
well keep doin it =)
i believe it. i'm waiting for you to come back out =====>peace! if you believe it, and i believe it, it's done :)
hanging out with a breeder. :-)
:) just being honest. and thank you
it starts at 6pm but you can start getting there at 5. one item per person and free parking in lot f. hope that helps :)
lol somethin' like that. i'll be sure to save some for you; i'll be waiting :)
switch to now to see how rich sulawesi island is :)
& of course trend #jonasbrothers #honorsociety #jonastour2010! duh. :d
dayum! couchsex-//bd//- requested by my lovie enjoy :d
okay im gonna miss most of the lakers game because of you. now thats real love! :)
it is so exciting.... :)
demored amoor s2' oiii :d booa noiite neeneem s2' aaa meelhor coiisa ceerteza *-*
maybe u should sign this? :)
ahh you do tooooooo! i love that show :d its my favorite
#randomshoutout! :) --
i'll be there soon, i've got a suprise for you too :-) <-- rotflmao!!!! ur a mess!
coolness! :-)
yeh i want too :d haha
