:)
yes, in boston , kiss concert!!! :) he got added this morning, as i predicted, lol
on your way to hells gate you can go to othello tunnels in pretty cool if your dog is not afraid of the dark :)
good to hear have a good easter weekend :-)
aww...you called me a whore! :) i nearly shot mtn dew out my nose. that's so wrong i don't even know where to begin! :)
i hope not! :)
hey hun what's uppie? :)
"it aint no question bout it ; shawty you can get it. the only question is.. can you work wit it" #nowplaying chris brown -- work wit it :)
oh thats cool :)
i'm trying to. :)
a mi casa enjoying me time. it's the small things :)
#shoutout2dathuggniggas who wanna see mee ; damn shame i can turn a hoood nigga gay :-)
not all jerk :) this bitch is bi-polar!<~ they all r
glad to have your voice out here. congrats on the anniversary! // thank you! :-)
thanks for the kind dear :) we ruly appreciate it. keep updated more on educaion and jobs with us. have a nice time!!
whoohoo! stars win! wathier scores on a beautiful 2-on-1. awesome night!! :)
this is a book by a friend of mine she has helped me w/my mare lelou ya'll should check her site out :)
grandson couldn't come...needs his passport, but he'll b w/ us 4 part of summer :-)
ready to go out shoutout to :-)
ah.. decisions decisions. haha. :) it's cool to do a workout you know with the guy (cont)
ep release show is april 24th at the queen bee in north park, please mark your calender with a big circle :)
camping was awesome. am now planning ways to do short term trips :) just gotta create + launch stuff first
#followfriday :) (via
ill put a photo up on twitpic :) <3
u gave me a new pic...i said "shit" out loud when i looked at it :)
learning so much abt myself and how much god sees in me! i'm waiting on u lord & excited abt every step of the way :)
thanks i will =)
#ff my #thug :)
haha adventure :-) soon my friend soon
got chu =)
thx! very cool! :) congratulations on reaching~~~> 1000 followers <~~~~ :) #gff
what yu spelled didn`t sound right . lmaaao . & okaay ! we're ready :) let's just practice on someone else though .
died spectacularly. i'd love to hear that story :)
okay goodnight :) haha i'm going out soon lol :)
my girlfriend :)
going to bed early, it is ipad eve after all :-)
ok i will girl :)
had a great term 3 (0 failing stdnts) starting spring break 4 next week :)
guys i'm not selena gomez i'm a big fan and supporter :)
yep, i've told all 4,661 people crazy enough to listen to me about you :d (though i think most are only fake "listening")
i am ok have some pain on my left side they are treating glad you are good :)
where's my eggless cake :)
best of both worlds :)
haha yea seems everytime im in there someone calls & that loud speaker comes on lol! :)
if you love that #jonasbrothers is a tt! :d
video chat w. the wife :) ♥
my only #ff of the day goes here. wonderful mother i cant tell from the tweets too :)
ahh ok then. just don't call you that other name eh :)
free gifts for you and your dog :-)
haha all lol :) but mostly kiss&tell,that should be me,stuck in the moment ur??
it sucks...but its almost over for me. :)
have you heard this song? it's hilarious :)
:) immm boreddd. im sitting here with my 2 friends and don't know what to do:)
my wish came true! news about to report that eating a big fat breakfast can help you stay thin! yesssss!!!! :)
yoooo go followw right now please :)
thanks :) happy #followfriday
thanks so much, lady! and btw, i loooove mark morford. i squealed when i saw him in your #ff, just one away from moi. :d
i'm chillin. wat u up 2?? :d
is that from twilight? :d
just got off the go karts ; got 3rd :) . hahha .playing gamess at the arcade now :) .
congrats :) please follow me :)
#shoutout2dagirlz who like me ;p lol i like you too :) <<-- with that i'm #offthistopic :) -- what's next?
thank you :)
appreciate puttin' me in the list fam! :-)
thank you, it's so rewarding and really puts things into perspective. these kids are amazing and so appreciative of everything :)
so good 2 cu!!! hope ur having a fun night! :) xoxo
i have blue die all over my hands...its ok it matches my nailsss :) lol
hahah that would be kinda funny :)
lmao ! dinner outside <3 :d
:)
yes we did! plus, if she replies to our posts on the boards, we get a longer answer than 140 characters :)
i know the night will get much cooler but i can't bring myself to close windows... the air is too intoxicating. now for bedtime crunches. :)
6 more people follow my other account please! :)
lol, sent my tweet before seeing yours. i'm sure it is more fun! amendment: grab *a lot* of ass for me. :d
thanks for the #ff! high praise from you! :)
i was here last sat too :-)
thanks for the well wishes! appreciated! :) xoxo
say ah. :) rude boy. bedrock. break your heart. how low. uhum. yeah(;
welcome :) i just made it about to upload it
of course they'll never be bieber silly. they'll be even betaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. :)
3 followers dong thanks :)
:) i hope she gets better-she's in my prayers <3
ur welcome =)
it was a joke. only i'm allowed to do those kinda things and get away with it. they just sometimes forget. :)
u got it, red :)
wow over 850 followers :) thank you everyone for all the support!!!
d'aww! you are adorable. :)
can ua plz follow baq :)
omg its your birthday?!?!?!?!?! :d happy birthday amiga!!!!!
he is coming back 5kg heavier :)
no invite damnnnnrt out to the club with & :)
ah, yeah i bet there's a bunch of ppl playing it now. hope u win something good soon :) i'm all about the good juju lately.
most sincere appreciation for your rtl : )
nope... not all of us. :)
be proud sis :)
coba minum norit dilli sayang kl sakit perut :)
sw33t hangouts with and more! come join! :)
telling scary stories with andy and brann :)
sunday til tuesday night come back wed afternoon to see lucero at cains =) fucking epic start to my spring
"instead of releasing doves, george lucas was led in front of the wedding party's limo" :) #kpjg
