hari ini raelene bday! :d
well i'll get to see him and lalonde tomorrow in rockford! :) i'll give a full scouting report when i get home!
i hardly know how the heck to work this but i will surely learn :d
so proud of you, you're doing your own #sm101's :) awesome! that's what it's all about! cc:
puahahah so true! no prob, i don't mind at all :d
found my rings.... =)
mood booster : nyalon.hairspa coklat :d
very welcome! night! :-) goodnight! thanks for your support of our troops and their families back home!
yeah i'm still thinkin it will come up at some point, i'm sure henry rembers it! :)
yay new backround an profile pic!! wat du yu think? n e who nite nite tweety pies lol =)
dia udah memilih pilihannya. mungkin pilihannya itu yang terbaik buat dia !! just friends.. :)
nevershoutnever! mr. christofer drew ingle! :d
#peopleshould #juststfu =)
merah itemrt ganti rubber wrn apa ya??any idea? :)
oooowww im on the way :)
thank you. :)
i don't really think the jailbird was that bad.... looked like a chicken in stir :)
on my way with my twins :)
i just got all excited when i heard voice on one tree hill :d
live in the states for a year! =)
yeey brownis is finish :d
buuuuuuh viendo the lord of the rings !!!!! haha :d
messin around in photoshop. im pretty much at a pro level of graphic design. :)
you could do that & get yourself fired...its like a mini vacation :)
urwlcme thankyou :) follow ya tweeps dijamin timeline rame kalo follow dia. follow gue juga ya
my very first picture of me being 18 :)
watching #foodrevolution while on the treadmill. i feel like :)
thx for ur rt! :)
i want all my followers to go follow like all 820 of ya! :)
lmaoooo :)
mother fucker i'm awesome!!!!! seeing muse tomorrow night...so f'ing excited :)
#nowplaying here it goes jimmy eat world :)
already missing some pretty bad aaaaa people. can they just move to tyler already? peace and blessings :)
sorry to disappoint the gods, but i am calling it a 2-1. a united win nonetheless :)
if you love #jonasbrothers so i can list you :)
just watching pf, answering formspring q's, and tweeting :) wbu bestie?
if u think #jonasbrothers should have another live chat! :)
hey!!!! :d
ko , masukin video nya yg baru itu ke youtube dong , biar bisa aku download ! pleaseee :)
la!!! let's go la. where my at :) she better b watchin
aweome!! get some srimp and see if jenna will peal them for you girl!! =)
how scary! glad everyone is okay though :)
i love my friends so much! :)
#nowwatchin princess and the frog =)
lol. well i wish there were more guys out there that could be like you. non-hateful :)
:)
q bom :)
hmm kan..wokeee! :d oiaa..hahaha..beloom..ntar tak tanyain...rt suka gtuuu deeyh..les b.ing
iya neeeng, sedih. bagus ceritanya :d
#welcomehomeadam :d we missed you
in a call :)
hehe hehe....chillin wit kevygene and pat and yeah hehe and sucking on jolly ranchers :)
#juststfu :)
i'm going to tell him that it's a good opportunity for me to start my career! so hopefully this month sometime :)
chennai coming huge for vastra samman , anna university begins the campaign.. :)
way to go guys.. !!
you get monday off? :d cool beans.
alright, good night guys. :)
aahhhh!!!! *screaming still in love with you #jonasbrothers. im always inlove with y'all!! :d :d <3
lol no worries. all in due time. :)
if you want to be followed :)
we're fucking legit :)
yes :) ill follow haha
and we'll get it 2 times more :) #trancefamily #asot450 #asot
oh yes!! i love that channel :)
lol not yet. but soon :)
halow bang welcome :d
:) :) a year ago yesterday we started shooting the tvd pilot and now i'm prepping the season 1 finale. what a year it's been.
your right. :) although my brother is also on twitter although hw had two tweets and follows one person lol.
actually, if they were 3 megan foxes (i spelled her name wrong in the last tweet btw) i might get up at 4 in the morning. :d
have you say that aji is the cutest friend?you're hurt him kar :d only such a bad (cont)
its a good friday, for the canucks =)
weirdo. :p lol. but k. i'll have katie help me decide i'm dependent on her. :d
positivity is key!! :)
a glass is good for the soul :)
yeah i watched before going into work... then the previews for next wk had me screaming with glee!! aah!!! :d finally!
shoutout for shoutout? :)
happy birthday you two! ;) ka ucpin hbd ya to :)
singgg singgg to meee !.. sing mee sumthinn i need !!! :d
this friday night is slow :-)
friday : woke up 4pm, swimming at manansala, drinking, texting friends :) i missed them :)
..i love teasing you guys :d haha
should we open the account now? :)
so glad you guys enjoyed it!! :d #drhorrible
sorry about the rant its over now ....off to dream about #ejami! :d good night!
:d for danny's birthday.
good, you riley? :)
great day today :) hung out with julia and went to a nuclear cowboyz freestyle motocross show! fucking epic
downplayer you never let me down!! been jammin to the tunes all day :)
me too. :) i do love jazz.. #hbu?
thanks for the retweets :)
i'm sorry but it's true! :) i'm like a kinder next to you!
hb to ur momma then :)
#tellmewhy this chick go around calling everybody lame please #juststfu bc it takes one to know one lol ...ps i love you :)
i agree with everything you said ha mayday parade video is amazing :)
sureee :)
oo , iyaiya itu kan ? :)
selesai main rubik miror :)
i know, right :) it's sexy too lol.... lady gaga will sound soooo cute and sexy speaking it!
q:ur sexy ;)))) a:thankss booo :)
your welcome :)
