follow :d
thanks!! i saw it in the fashion mags so i gave it a shot :)
omg i'm so in love! .....today..... hehe :) >>>i will check wit u on tuesday
every time i share my script idea with someone, new details emerge. storywriting through storytelling. :)
hahaha. :-)
yep :-) really? am i the only one not seeing "why did i get married too" today? geezsum....i wanna go :/
heyyyy thanks for the follow :) how are u?
so happy :)
cool. u'll prolly really like it :)
who knows the name of the soundtrack from the last 2 songs i tweeted? :) we r passing syracuse. almost home :-) #roc #latism
thank you! :-)
sewing up some wool felt cupcakes & listening to my baby girl squeal. she's discovered her talent to make very loud squeaky noises :)
it was good :) how was yours?
guess who almost has 400 followers!? :)
an ipad would be soo awesome :) #dreamhost
dude i'm in la....u should be here!!! well, coachellas coming up :) :) ;)!!!
seriously overhearing 2 secs of their conversation was enough to know he was cheating... what not to wear is much more pg :-)
thanks! you too :)
please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
lol :) where ya from
assalamualaikum, bang :d
lemon vodka + pepsi throwback = yummy! :)
huge mac summer releases.. this isn't an april fools joke either :)
√ see you there! :) sound check is 20 mins
many thanks for the #ff. have a great weekend! :-)
thank you kurt : )
turning in for the night. so tired. need to sleep! tweet y'all later :)
#ff this lovely lady right here ---->>> =)
i love watching hockey games, if i find out which arena is playing at in toronto ide love to go watch him play :)
:) thanks love! muah!
stay tuned for our future giveaways =) ^kn
finally home. time to shower & relaxxx :)
thankyou to allll the peoples that have listed meee : )
; getting 1,600 followers , i'm so close i only need two more lol :)
that is so sweet! i envy you movie bloggers, i really do... :)
((hug)) sometimes i think we're the people others seek for help, sometimes we make a difference ... :-)
omg, just found out that i can control my tivo telnet. :-)
offline!! the co-owners could now use it... :d
q:no i mean like beer or wine a:never been drunk of beer or wine =)
ahhhh! :d almost there!! haha
y'all niccas didn't come see me! :) how u off me.. what i do now??
haha! yay!! im not the only one! :)
wow, that's some accolade, considering the thousands you must know :-) happy #ff
very cool! and special. :)
you got it one big bowl of caramel ice cream coming up :)
lol follow on the top left where you see all the followers, just enter in your twitter info :)
i love #jonasbrothers because they are awesome, adorable and have a nice attitude :d
i am looking for someone's kele to tiff :d
? ok then follow me back again? i followed you again :)
get out of there-granted twitter is addictive but go party girl! :) we will all be here tomorrow-some a but hungover tho :p
im such a fuckin winner :)
truth is... i don't judge ur ways of living. but if u judge mine, at least try to be better than me. otherwise it doesn't really count :)
thanks aniesia for the re-tweet :) i pray all is well...
are you at work? let me know when ur free so i can show u the vid =)
q:ohh whos hating down there. haters if ur reading this. f... a::o ahahahaha, thankyoouu :)
don't tell me to shut up :( u shut up insensitive ass hahaha. :)
gr8 blog post u had 2day, never thought i would taste crab again. u gave me hope! :)
hard work pays off* :-)
took a shower, i'm back now :)
guys its me epiclovato what do u think of my new name ?? :d
just did! :)
had a killer recording sesh w/ my brother (who's an amazing record producer)... now going downtown in harrisburg w/ some of my favorites :)
goin to the movies =)
ahhhh, never get bored of one time :) me + you. lol.
still stoked about grad school :)
hahahaha thanks, love ya too :)
you okay followed her :)
assumed that was what everyone was playing on the 360 now :) battlefield has been mentioned, was going to read about jc2 tomorrow
<---- follow now!! she follows back! :d
agree! and marvel just announced their ipad app for their comics =) astig
glad to know there are still some nice people in the world :)
my awesome friday night-in apparel! :)
yeah yeah yeah rub it in! haha :)
anytime! have a great week end :)
this video till this day still makes me cry like a baby :d you're so strong! <3 u!
is anyone online on this account right now? lol its :)
excellent! let me know about the other two. they're in my queue. :)
no, haha, my little alliance shaman on world of warcraft :)
:( que mujer!!! lol call her lokita for me :)
morning tweeples! saturdays are the bomb! :)
lol im coming im coming :)
:) that would be dope... i'd hook it up.
thanks, ladies for the ff mentions :)
glad you arrived safely :) much success on all your future endeavors
thanks for the ff retweet :d
if you love the #jonasbrothers i better see 100+ :)
great job on the interview! :)
you just popped up on tweetdeck and i wanted to say hi :) hi!
how u been? i wanna come back out there :) hey babes :)
you don't need to touch me, you can just follow me on my 18th birthday :d which would be today! :d love
adelaide, south australia :)
at the warrior game bout to watch my baby daddy stephen curry! ha! =) -- o.o
iseeen my wifeee juss now ohdee happpyyy :) « :-* imisseddd those . lol lol aww
signed :) btw i think your twitition is a great idea. colby o'donis so good! and of course justin is like god. lmfao
#nowplaying lilmo (forever )...excited tht i got the chance to connect w/ her again,she is wonderful lady :)
glad igot my hair done ! its bomb pix comn soon :)
i just found the nazi dinosaur the other day! it was in my daughter's toy box :) too big for the table though.
i grabbed your button off your blog for my collection! :-)
:d thanks which reminds me i need to upload the new bears i shot today :d
i hope you don't need that..... :-)
