i prefer the dancing amanda :) check out my email friday clip:
is la cidrerie st-nicholas on twitter? :)
we've still got about 3 weeks... i'm not giving up hope that we'll get more peeps to come. :) #skctu
no problem :)
if you love my world 2.0 :)
i'ma dedicate this song to myself :d the first hip-hop record i ever owned.
..it had some major cheesy parts to it..but overall, i recommend everyone to go see it! :)
i'd take a picture with his arms around me giving me a big hug. :)
wow that's awesome. i hurt all over! ha :)
that's why we have pillow fight police :) and please don't go giving people ideas!!! you coming or not? #klpillowfight
wow that is cheap! did you try gowalla? it's aliw. since i noticed before you like location tagging =)
hey doll.... please just fuck off && stop harassing my friend k thanks hun =) kisses :)
lol nice.....its good that you are goin to do something you enjoy :)
also, anyone feeling like talking to me? :) lol
i haven't done cardio, i think i'll be doing in in phase 2 if i do doubles. plyometrics is what kills me, it's my favorite :)
thnx again :-)
me too! we should have a writer's meeting there. :-)
take care of she's the spot :) happy bday (cont)
oh, i got some loverly ways to say batshit crazy :d the dh and i were cracking up. i told him twitter knew everything :d
ok hanky, now it's your turn for a point or two. i want you to beat bure's record :)
tru dat. i don;'. they are still ass-hats though :)
lol ooo you liked em? ^_^ // yes they were quite interesting:)
got you your goal :)
where's ur question?just fill this box~ i'll respond it :)
didn't know the #flames *coughs kipper* had so much fight ;) a close game. going to be a fight to the finish :)
you are going to freak when you see this episode :) really good; sets a lot in motion for revenge hahahahaha (evil laugh there)
that's wasup!! :-) soundz great
are you happily single? < sometimes :)
ha ha ha. sorry! im going to sleep now :) toodles.
thanks :)
crown is yours! (for now). ☺ <----yes! :)
you're welcome! i always tweets that i find interesting :)
i'm proud of our #jonasbrothers tt. we might not get it everyday, but what does that prove? nothing. :) #jonastour2010
thank you! :)
where are all my twitter friends? or new ones are good too? :)
sure i will :)
hai there too! :)
congratulations to for been our 500th follower and winning a prize pack from check your dms for details :)
but i can appreciate the calm drive after sunset. no sun, no traffic, many parking spots, many open theater seats :)
it was good to hear twisted on the non-back rub slot. :)
just further exploring the site...wow you're authors, too!!! :) fabulous.
you're welcome sweetie! :)
im off forreall :) night night
hahah yeah i know :d it was stilllll fun!(:
ya man super scary . i got up screaming once . how goes college . it is super hot . don't come here . il come there :)
o o o i will =) thankzzzz
off work! :) on my way home !
i found a boy thats way cuter than ! :)
who do you think you are? is awesome!...makes me wonder about my own history... my 10 greats gpa founded harrisburg, pa...so there's that :)
what am i doin? what am i doin?? oh yeah i'm doin me! i'm doin me!! i'm livin life right now! =)
at least somebody got the 3 stooges reference. :)
it was good :)
1st time i hear that i likes :)
haha not even close, but thanks :)
:) thank u wonderful :)
gonna watch alvin and the chipmunks the squeakquel :)
#shoutout 2 ma beautiful new follower :)
i can't wait for mine tomorrow :d
thks to the newest tweeties for the follows, luv will be returned on this good friday :)
i was thinking a little closer, but yeah, true... i do need some quiet for recording, though. i am the noise-maker. :)
#followfriday #gratitude : )
shower time :) yussss
#ff hey thanks for the follow; dont be a stranqer now < of course i won't : )
lost fans from all corners of the world, say hi on our mag to go in the draw to win a namaste tee #lost :d
if you love justin oldies :) ( one time, favorite girl, love me ) (:
oh you're a doll but i think the only thing of yours i could *possibly* fit into is your bra :)
i'm proud of our #jonasbrothers tt. we might not get it everyday, but what does that prove? nothing. :) #jonastour2010
thank u :-)
here's to a fantastic weekend for you :)
yes! three pitchers later we are in good shape. :)
ohhh and how could i forget? for hillarious tweets follow a sicko, but a funny one :)
follow me please ? :) youre amazingg.
i just had some ice cream too... =)
sorry buddy, was too deep in the games to tweet :) a few photos to follow #chesstweetup
my painting from my class tonight :) i'm not a painter lol
ima atheist but thank you :) happy easter and i hope ur good friday was better than jesus'
thanks for the #ff bro :-) have a great weekend!
aah yeah..ditched that plans. now planning a short summer cut :)
:d my name is sina -__-
we will trend #blossominthedust all those folks who are real supporters will help :)
hahahaa!! :) yeah me too!! if i on jb songs, my parents will be like "why u keep repeating this jb songs! !" hahaha
thank you for your gracious & complimentary ff recommendation :-) #nicelady
yeah, gs52 ...i still hold hopes that we will trade for him at the all-star break so he can get a ring this year :-)
have a great night!! sleep well! :)
yessss mam; im in cali :)
no i don't. i'm assuming and speculating. but stilll nasstiii :-)
wow! thx for the kind words!! xoxo --it's fun to play with colors :-)
oh the next ancestor show has a ladies family being show girls. my two great aunts were madams. so i think i win. :)
no worries, but let's sort out mtg soon! out in brklyn tmz + clash of titans at sm point ths wkend :)
so fun to run into you at happy hour- that's one of our neighborhood favs- should we keep the location a secret? :)
good night homies! :-) be you! :-)
yes, was adorable in those scenes. :)
me & my fam playing sorry. =)
clap for her.. she got some from the hottest guy! :)
haha so u love me? haha awhh :d
planned for after work today: change mah nail polish, colour in, mini nap.. relaaax. :)
thanks for the rtl!! =)
well i guess you the only one laughing considering bey's movies grossed $754,348,656 while rih's ummm 0! #youmad :-)
there you go :)
pay no attention to the haters. the kraken was awesome. the rest of the movie didn't suck, either. :)
