hubby just texted that he's sitting next to at the viceroy. told him to take his picture :)
7 more people please follow its really important coz im tired lol :)
no prob :) thanks for the shoutouts! i love you guys!
if i had the money...if i had the money :d
thank u too :)
#wtheck?!...u need 2 head straight 2 dq tomorrow and buy yourself an #unbirthday ice cream cake! then have a barbie party! :)
plans for the weekend set. brief stop at the student center and off to the humane society to work the cat room. will be there sunday too :-)
now i want to go to alice. sitting in the theater about to watch alice, just saw a preview for doctor who!!! awesome. :)
thanks manav :)
not a bad place to be at all :)
nearly on to 300! thanks y'all! :) now let's go get some more!!!
sweet dreams! :-)
we're excited to have you on.. ed said he had a short interview. but wow there's a lot here :)
watch my new video please? :)
wow i needed that. thanks jess! :) e
thank you :)
strawberry shortcake :)
i do appreciate it. :)
i bet you sounded absolutely amazing singing worthy is the lamb tonight, bailey! i'm doing that at my easter service, too! :)
cookies? what kind? i gave up cookies for lent -looking forward to having some in 25.5 hours :)
hey man! thanks for coming, absolutely loved it, brilliant atmosphere...enjoy the rest of ur weekend :)
thanks for coming out! lovely to see you and the boys :)
lol i need to tweet that :d
thanks :d
iya tiket on the spot 15 ribu saja :)
amen to that. go spurs. :)
oh i meant to ask so is the zoo taking good care of mom :-)
on the other hand, my goddaughter is mac through and through, and happy i am that she loves it! :)
♥ partyin w| da girl'ssss tonite :)
hey mami. ur exactly right. :)
:) oh yea they do make some amazing bgs! <3 :) what's up?
love the a's!! been my fave baseball team since i was a kid :)
heyy ash!! yhx 4 the shoutout! :) can u follow me on for me?? :)
haha i know :d
guess what todaay is.. its #ff ! means folllowwwww :)
haha thas koo =)
i'm curious as to why i gained followers for doing nothing. :)
awwe :-) = the effin best!! :d
thanks so much guys!! it really means a lot to me and :)
you never got back with me matthew! when can we talk? :)
ha clubb :)
#thankyou god 4 the wonderful blessings you have in store.. =) #imready!!! =-)
thank you sweetie :)
i still need to watch #fringe too. too many good shows to watch :)
i'd do that if there was a place around to buy one! even tho' i forgot, she did get some chicken left over from my tacos! :-)
right size :)
thank you :)
my 600th tweet! celebrating cool people making a difference: #followfriday :)
my tory burch python flats have arrived!!! heaven :) so worth every penny
yea i got 1 with s on it « =)
morning world, morning sunshine, morning people, and morning u.. wohowww, this is saturday! yippiee ♡ have a great weekend :)
aw word? das wussup =) i'm good just babysittin
thank you!! i love you too! :)
peary's back here <3 hey yall :d
another fresh face on my timeline that i dont think ive seen here =) heyyy
hey there... :)
aries people rawk! :)
if u love justin bieber for many reasons :) hot, sings, dances, flirts... lol
follow backk please :)
thank you! : )
hope you have a great weekend, mezhgan! my plans are a whole lot of nothing and a whole lot of take out, lol!! :)
really true :)
maybe i should have said you in the uk :)
q:hiiiiiiiiiiiiiii a:heey :)
ps. take lots of pictures :d
: abs cbn's trip na trip (on wedding cakes =)
your welcome =)
what's wrong? sounds fun! :) haha, reply me on so that i wouldn't forget clara
i dunno i found a spouse on the ether :d
shoutout 4 shoutout , before i go : )
#happyeaster for all my twitter´s friends with all my heart. #love and #peace // thank you! you too, blessed holy friday! :)
just surprised with an early bday gift. :-)
hi alayna! ;) cool tumblr page!! hope you're diggin' the songs from our new album at :)
now all you need is to find some open water for a swim :)
did u figure out how u are going to touch me yet? :) xoxo
lol "this thang clutch." is that slang/jargon from the boot? :)
:d i will twitpic it for you then when i am done lol
un-polo cardigan release tmrw! (via send one to me on tour i'll wear it everyday :-)
#followsaturday this if you want :)
q:time to spam someone else now. byebye -love catherine... a:haha byeee :)
thanks! snuggling with the dogs! :) happy easter to u! xxo
retweet if snooki is your idol :d
love your blog! would you like to post on travelujah? or we guest blog on your site? :)
shifting over now to solartv for spurs magic... go spurs! =)
oh cool, tell him to look for a middle-aged geek in a blue space tweep shirt :-)
:)
nuttin much! had an evening out with my dd & her bf :) whats up wit u?
wasssuppppp twittterrr :)
right this second, i'm talking to my husband, eating spinach dip on pita bread and tweeting. :)
lol now now gents :) then retire :) neuroscientists discover gullibility (cont)
omg!!! got a kiss from justin!!!!! follow her 4 details!!!!!! :d
woo!! congrats on your follow! i'm so excited for you! :)
thanks & you have a great weekend. :)
hey kevin i like the things you dooo hey kevin if i could i would be...oh wait that's the frosted flakes song...my bad. =)
u eat a lot of wings!! :) went to get wings... just caught the end of cavs/hawks. now waiting for lakers/jazz.
awesome first day! stop by tomorrow for a chance to win a giant momo and autographed posters :) #wondercon
your welcome karina :)
i guess i should. makes this scandal building easier :d
i'm beach bound in the mornin' so it's nighty night for me. sweet dreams my lovelies :)
hahaha. i pre ordered the cd the day he announced :-) i'm definitely getting loudmouths for next tourny.
:) i love & how he says "bahaa" <3
listen i am going to have exam me he's a doctor you know :)
moorpark california :) and you?
:)
por que me kree twitter solo por ellos :d #jonasbrothers
gah pretty awesome day. my interview went very well and i got melon gelato after. hung out with a friend and watched "the blind side" :)
shut up! :'( lol im still doing that dance doe :)
sorry i was eating and looking at your pretty picture awww =)
yep :-)
i keep hearin bout it! twitpic it! you coming out? s/o to for that vibe magazine cover! lawd! lol :)
lmaooo haha kk ! after im done with this we can :)
woo!! congrats on your follow! i'm so excited for you! :)
love you :)
chit chat wif mom... *masi sebel sama tiket yg baru diliat 10menit tp ilang itu nih hahahahaha :d
cute ur like the sun, ur beauty radiates to the world! :p yeah i made tht up :)
oooooooshe! :d #ff cos i said so..lol. plus they are good people :
mon :[ tue :/ wednesday :| thu :] fri :d sat (^_^) sun (-__-). #typicalteen
ksooo.. i want some bread from hawaii. :d
che ro jay hu... :-)
omg!!!!! beliebers we have to make the #1 tt!!!!!!! cmon!!! were supposed to be the best fans in da world!!!!! :)
listening to the comedy couch podcast with dennis hensley and tony tripoli. check em out, they're really funny. :)
congrats to kobe for extending his stay until 2013-14! :)
thanks :) , these are wonderful gt's friends
<-- do it :) i just made it and im not sure if im doing it right
thank u.. hehheheeert semangat kak! :) #fanatika mndukung :drt morning.. otw ke lokasii...
hi everyone :)
we got an interview with "the tester's" ciji "star" thornton :d
im sorry ; invitee still open ? : )
hug me, and tell me everything will be fine :-)
i guess no one wanna talk? woahhh :)
so i would say do it haha :) have fun at the movies with your fam and jordan :)
do what you gotta do chica :)
ok night sis :)
hanging out and having a late lunch with and talking about our fave men and :)
ur mom was the coolest! i think i remember her always having on sunglasses! :-)
what? you must be like 6' 3" right? :)
30% off at qoop with code easter30 :d i'm going to order some prints in the morning, whee!
hi :) lol
just missed you-i'm literally in the airport leaving la haha have fun la la land :)
next time you think "it's not in the cards for me", remember, you get to shuffle the deck. :) #imt
t-shirt and dvd giveaway coming soon. :) follow for details.
don’t cry because it’s over. smile because it happened dr. seuss thats quit cute :)
lol i got the ustream versions from youtube :)
why? 8am time ticket on saturday? i actually loved it this time i'm old enough to get a good time ticket and all that stuff :-)
thank u juga jbu!rt happy birthday mbak.. wah, bday-nya pas sabtu suci :) smoga mbak (cont)
i could really go for a burger and fries tonight...i think it's warranted...but i really don't wanna waste the money. :)
yes! :) i love keeping in touch with the little kid in me so it was super fun :) same goes to you!:d
so #confessfriday you all love lines and have admitted to using it out of the parks. so 5 star rate it here: :)
i'm an extra in brain candy! watch for me on a bicycle in the big musical coming out scene :)
noo bahaha it was sarcasm :) christians my buddie. yeah hes hot.. but dating him.. i dunno?
fun festive easter eggs made out of our very own yelatin... :)
q:whats your most favourite jb song? a:baby and that should be me :)
it really helps me. not sure why. but, you know, when something works... :-) welcome, good luck! :-)
ipad? everything :)
hawks of course :-)
tomrw is going to be nice probley imma be out side wit some friend's =)
he said hell naw. he aint goin now sucka.....idk :-)
yeah i have no idea , lol just tell me when you post it on youtube so i can watch :)
'retro #fringe theme song'
rt <---- download here :)
thank you!
lmaooooooooooooo..... u look throwed!!!! happy bday! :) >>lmao indeed
wow free 09 points too? good deal! and you'll be fine getting akl at 7 mo window :)
lol ok ima be back :)
can you guys swing by ukrop's sp and take trevor home? :-)
i have some really goood #jemi photos :d
understand that, just out of respect 4 ur readers, pls clean it up some, u have freedom 2 tweet as u wish, just go easy on us :)
picking up and her family. music on shuffle. me & mandy first on the playlist. this is awesome :)
yeah! :)
of course! we ca tweeps have to stick together. :)
yeah, you were the first 2 ask :) i will give u 50 shoutouts wen i sign in 2mo x
is this the same one that broke her leg? sounds pretty badass :)
now this is a flash mob...... :-) /via <-- i love the reactions of the public!
i dont htink we've ever talked lol nice to tweet you =)
il give u 5 shoutouts for the next person who follows <<< go nooow ! :)
:) what's up? btw where's u found ur icon? iloveit ♥ :>
the evolution of the jonas brothers :)
ima cheat and saaayy funny and fantastic :d
:-)
thank god they play the soup twice in a row. watching demi next! :)
we understand completely! :) #blessedtobebusy
awww thanks :)
i find the pictures :)
may 28 or if you will, in 56 days time :)
yeah, true dat....we haf tey here small sha :) one of my very first/early followers
these are the regular ones we have in bulk here. i like chewy better too. :)
shout me out jazee =)
you're welcome :d
before i go...once again, check this out :) im proud of my days work, what can i say :) #goonight
mon :[ tue :/ wednesday :| thu :] fri :d sat (^_^) sun (-__-). #typicalteen
so & (and everyone else) this looks pretty awesome. ^_^
i love you guys! please come to philadelphia :)
suspects us? *looks shifty* here's to the next one :)
i know!! i miiiiisssss her! :)
q:hey, person who called her a bitch: watch it. find something better to do ... a:thank you! :)
i like your tweets :) /via ~~~> thanks! we will keep giving you things that hopefully help your personal and business life
then i want your car i want your car then! :) only if i can gave you forever!!!
i'm a 'knockout' target in the poker match as well. downloaded a texas hold'em game for the ipad to practice :)
yea rest ur mind cause u were thinking u would win and u see u thought wrong. lol love u tho :)
hollowed out volcano! :)
hehe! thx amazing janett! <333 and ok..you want mine? jk, xd what kind is yours? :d
