what funny or interesting experiences have you had in your life during school? funny :)
plaese follow me back :)
q: heyy where u from?if u wanna justin bieber marry u or us? lol a: heey :) im from slovakia ... sure i w
i remember seeing name and laughing, then seeing their icon and laughing even harder :)
smh why would she act dumb tho? what a weirdo. and i understand i'm picky too :) lol
hahaha..regular bunny or columbian bunny? cause that makes all the difference! :)
aww have fun!! :d
thx! :)
most welcome. hope all is going swell with your campaign! :)
hi my sissy.... happy 18th birthday ya..... wish u all best.... asah terus kemampuan pianonya!! traktir kakak yauw :d hahaha
haha..annonymous! :) woah who's asking u about sanibel island!?!? that's my island!!!!
hahahhaha ouch. i'm so bad with those. i have like 300 sitting there. i'm gonna riffle thru and find yours! :)
thanks for the swelling eye-- what did you do to me?? :)
:-) ur my buddy
wow, good luck ya :) hi kak...dtg ke bdg magic compeþition ga?? aku ikt loh..support yart (cont)
im either gonna have some oreaos or cookies and cream ice cream :)
love you sooo much. i bet you're tired of reading this same tweet everyday, but that's what you get for being so awesome :) xxx
i signed off msn an hour ago. it's now 4:20am and i am still fittering about online. going to sleep now :) #offline
long time no "tweet" . . . hope this finds you well and enjoying spring weather. happy easter to you and yours! :)
:d when you move though, i'll beat you all the time. :(
i loooove mountian dew voltage ! :d
congratulations to ! you had the first correct tweet! dm me your info for your cd :)
hahahha im okay u? i know its soo confusing :d
first you guys have to follow because it's a brilliant username :) haha & i think she should help me make dirty wyr's?!?
followed :)
lmao i do not. :) i would say i have a crush on u but that defeats the purpose
turn into reality the good things you know in your dreams. :)
my pleasure :) love what u up 2 :)
and just like that, footloose is on our tv #rockon #movieaboutrebellion #waittillwehaveteens :-)
love that the shows on here in the us now i missed it when i moved to la. have fun in san fran :-)
sooo excited to spend the weekend with my sis-in-law brandi! cant wait to play real life dress-up-pregnant-barbie! :)
they were so cute :) there were 3.
of course what's not to love..your the best blasian i know. :)
good morning tweeple...happy weekend :)
your twitterverasry was feb 25th :) it says on tweetdeck
delicious dinner at black salt the chocolate peanut butter crunch pie at the end was my favorite :)
hahaha xd. hiiiii :d what's upp?
it sounds like a de beers ad. watching an elderly couple taking a stroll & holding hands. so cute :)
classic. "dear facebook, wtf are you doing now?" the title almost says it all. :)
ea- actually, is the one in atlanta. :-)
hahahaha just say wat u think! its totally cool if ur gonna say the wrong person! :)
when are yous coming? :)
:d have a great weekend!
u were def missed =)
indeed they both are! :)
i rt'd 4 u :) shit was takin yrs to the new way from my bb lol
will you please follow me? (: it would mean sooooo much to me! please! :) <333
can't wait to go ball gown shopping w/@kaptainmeme tomorrow for the men of dnu's kappa ball... :)
i missed you as soon as i left again. separation anxiety. luckily we have tomorrow :)
ha, that's one reason we didn't like tx because it didn't have seasons. :)
indeed :)
sure :) followed
how about i put my profile back on private :)
cool. ohh no! i totally forgot! im sorry im going to watch it right now :)
i will go check it tomorrow :) thanks!!!
ooooo nothinnggg :) (spongebob voice) what happened boo?
making my mental workout plan for this weekend. my tip is when u mentally prepare ahead its a smooth transition into workout time :-)
will u be my #homieloverfriend??? =)
i should get some sleep, because the bus leaves for the game at 8:45, and my white arse has to be on it. :)
it's very good!! u need to smile at the end tho... :) thankx!!
good morning! have a lovely saturday :)
ba dump bump 'tap tap tap is this thing on?' =)
please follow me back :)
i'm still gonna try out for #glee :) ♥
lol really?? theyre good right?! :)
thankkkssss boo how r u i love it!!!!! :)
ugh tell me about it! i want it to last longer...but i'm excited about my recital thursday :-)
aww.. good luck! :)
haha your so cute :)
sounds pleasant :)
------> <------- follow them pleasee :)
i am learning how to pronounce everything though. and having real mexican food! :)
i wouldve been ur date... *sigh* buuut..... ur tooo far away *shrug* have fun w/ auntie!! :-)
ok :)
please follow me back :)
at home, drinking the last of my iced tea from jm's, watching vampire diaries, and playing #sto w/ good ending to my friday :)
yay!!! 900 followers!!! :ddd thanks you so much people!! :d
o i will! :)
thanks.. which one? :)
hi. allow us to help u w/ ur smartbro concern. pls follow us & dm ur smartbro# w/ ur name for technical assistance. thanks. =)
thanks for the #ff! =)
:) such a mood booster to read ur blog,"my choice,my world". dealing w/ it but ur writing gives me optimism:)
hehe :)
going live ^_^
girl that was super fun, happy to do it! and thanks for the cupcakes, always a treat but would always do it for nuttin :)
i can always make you some, so you don't have fight for them :)
check out our new avi's ~ that's us =) have a great weekend people! we are =)
check out our new avi's ~ that's us =) have a great weekend people! we are =)
ok i'm done...until someone starts again :-)
lol iz thee best !! :)
thanks!!! i just finished it!!! =) ♥
yes i am. lol i will tell her =)
shoutouts for shoutouts ? list for list ? & anyone want me to sign twititons ? cause im on the pc now :)
thanks for the support :-)
ha, i'm drinking a yeungling right now :) have fun!
everyone go follow she just needs one more!!! :)
hey...hey...hey...hey.. me plus you, i'ma tell you one time .. me plus you, i'ma tell you one time =)
lolol ;d nothing wrong with bein a little dirrty!!! :d
dollar used for scale. ~~~omg...that is one huge chocolatey & dreamy piece of goodness! :d
at this moment, u cld lose your job :)
hiya :)
:d hyde lounge in a bit...get there early its gonna be packed!
hope everyone is having a good friday !! :) its been a busy friday for me !! im pooped already !!
que pagina rs? é no twitter! :)
just got the massive bill for my first batch of ipad apps :) bed now, awake early, hope ipad.
thanks! i will check them out and lean heavily toward twee. :)
lmfao, yeah! i had a good vibe with you :)
omg part of deep dish sharam?! yes, him :) i think he's here next week actually :)
even tho "i'm soooooo over" 1 of followers (lol) one of my other followers was a life saver :) niceeeeeeee *fab voice*
i want to do a feature on you for my humanitarian blog! follow so i can dm you! :)
:) nice to see you malia :) as always thank you mr twitter!!!!
he's a friend of mine, i did the ui, icon, and came up with the idea :)
:) they are so cute!!
have you guys ever tried filipino food? i'll cook for you guys anyday :)
yessir :) im getting alot of folowers :)
love seeing ur 4sq check ins on the brooklyn bridge. reminds me of the good ole days of last week :)
love :-) ••• hate :-( --love=hate (after awhile) #truestory ••• right!
awww don't! write it allll down & read it to yourself, i swear you'll feeeel better ! ♥ ! :)
the sky looks really pretty tonight!!! : )
my pleasure. that's a huge thrill to hear actually :)
really? moi aussi! where? maybe i'll come visit :)
#jonasbrothers all the way babbyy! :d
thanks...i love you too =)
now i am off the phone :) we was ma rude to each other smh haha
most viewed video of the day: joe's birthday & kevin dropping the cake =) pls retweet!
heading out to the bagdad for dinner, and later "mallrats" with and i love these midnight movie nights. :)
lay back and find out :)
i know i'm forgetting somebody!! thanks for coming by tonight! here's to another yr of coworking in the tri. :-)
can you follow us back on your personal? :)
rinnah dropped off her first tooth :) how should a mother feel? :( :) :( :)
if you go, let me know how you like it :)
another of my make a wishes have come true booked flight to ph-neutral yay :-) save me some pepsi max ;-)
:) thanks leo!
hey there, dude! : )
no problem :)
yes he is! hes also tweeted me 11 times :) hahaha
some visuals for tuesday. :)
thank you. just love my twitter friends. : )
my proposal for 28th amendment is simple... "abolish the senate." :) but that one sounds good, too.
another nice, sunny & hot day in boracay!!! those who wanna get a tan...get our of ur rooms now na! :-)
nk airplay will be streaming the backrub tonight. we will be tweeting the link around 11:45 est :)
woohoo! i actually find it easier to keep track of what people are really up to twitter :)
at home in my bed high off meds! we all gotta link up next time! will be out here soon! :)
my almost 3 year old daughter told me she wanted to go fishin wit me today =) .... cant wait to take her
lol that's awesome! :d
okay so everyone should add because he's awesome and is a racecar driver! what else is not to love! he follows back! :) add
glad you enjoyed! thanks for rt'ng :-)
nykie at did the graphic, with my miss 4 on voice over. :)
watching big time rush. =)
carlos is so cute.
i am the engine of my dreams.my dreams never give up on me and i never give up on my dreams #visionz =)
105.9 plz play "teach me how to dougie" right now...its so much more fun to get ready w that song on :)
im drinking tequila and fuzzy navels!! =)
yessir :d
okay! i love you. :) <3
rt@coolasssheema rt@trellyski<=and ah real nigga do real shit << n every nigga say dey real but dey aint<=yea dats why i aint say it :)
yep, exactly. :)
you can do both :-) if ur a kiis vip you can buy them now...
i've always wanted to try it, but i'm too cheap. :)
thank you so much :)
thanks got the ff shoutout! :)
okay :) whats your goal ??
thanks rob! i already biked across usa once in '08: and yes, i'd like to it again once or twice more. :)
thanks :)
how do u knw its morning? :-)
would u guys plz sign this? it'll take 1 minute.. thx :)
now sultana, cranberry & dark choc hot cross buns. sun probably tinned soup hehe. paella sounds far better! coming over :)
aw, thank you! :)
landing :) and waiting for my luggage :)
man ya'll i finally got my rippie jeans ! im excited :)
thanks for the =) did you enter?
suka yg muda2.... :d libra forever young :p kyk kate moss ya? #capricorn women most likely
especially with their awkward/rough start. ^_^
rrrrrrrrrr mama mea :) aha!!!!rt helloo :) #zodiacfacts #the aries zodiac sign is straightforward, aggressive and
.@sylvia_tan exciting times... lots of credit to the woman behind it all :)
valley fair apple store with steve wozniak :-)
yep. still looking for that single process owner though =) but yes process matters in #scrm to the company. customer?
leegal :)
i'm sure there's a sleeper somewhere in the city. << from your mouth to god's ears! :)
anytime dudee. :)
i love ;) thanks for following me. means alot! <3 your one of my role models. :)
hey hey hey don't give in :)
ok signing off for the night. hope all you tweeps have a loverly weekend. :)
2 people follow seriously :d
prontiiinho :) (@isahcj live on
keep retweeting my last tweet if you want 20 followers, picking the 1st winner in 5 minutes :d
thanks so much for the #ff mention cynthia, wishing you a wonderful easter weekend. :-)
gonna watch my favorite musical rent :)
jdbworldwide: okay! :d tweet us! :d i freaking love ur videos man! :d :d: jdbworldwide: ok...
check out some of my tiny teeny weeny itty bitty movies... :d
great getty pics :-) i live a couple blocks from the ny botanical gardens.. and across the street from the bronx zoo :)
i'm good bout ready to live up to my jamaican background and have a jamaican beef patty and soda : )
my stomach is growling. someone bring me dinner? :)
it's on tv land right now. time warner #54 :)
so true! but i haven't bought easter clothes since high school. :) dressing up is very rare for me!
q:what names do they call you in school ? :) a:slut and bitch. haha. but i am not even a ...
i wouldnt unfollow you! :)
i'm bored. dm me so we can chat. :)
ummmmm i ate one and gave tiffany the other!! sorry :)
finally you're killing it!!!!!! : ) & the fact that i'm sitting watching the game in the middle of a party
