winner: everyone go follow ~~~> the song was, duhhh one time :d
thank u my love :) missing u dearly xoxo *screams* happy birthday kevin!!!!! i love you!!! you're (cont)
thanks everyone! happy easter... good night =) great theme song too! (@nathanlatka live at )
have fun, be safe! =)
good night my fine young tweeps :) love and respect to all :)
me too! one of my favorite work spots :)
#juststfu and follow me, follow meee yeaaaaaa :)
shots darling. i love doing shots :) unless i'm drinkin margaritas or bellinis, i'm all in for shots.
thank you, ma'am =) sucky friday :( but so glad 2 see u all here now! >> hope your day gets better soon!
llama should live a happy life with songs about them :d
*jumps on your bed* nope nope can't go to sleep yeeeet. :)
:) i actually had coffee with aws principal today. want to talk to teachers about training program & their experience.
i dont think so! :)
lol well i'm indoors mostly, and i like the sound of rain on the roof and such, makes me feel cozy inside :)
can u plz follow me :d it would make my day :d i love ur song serious ! i listen to it all the time :d
just enjoying lifeeee hun :) ahah and the weather was amazing. so had to be out all day & party all night ;) you alreadyyy kno
out wit n friends.. <---i miss yall :)
easter egg shopping for family today :) not that i left it to the last minute or anything...
#shoutout 2 all my lady friends who hit or hittin me up checkin on a nigga... i luv all yall thank u :-)
sing me a song about sushi and me. :d
retweet this is yu wanna have sex w/me right now :d <--lmfaooo(shy 2 speak)
night time workout! :)
diutangin apalagi :d ditolak tuh kecewaaa bgt yaa..?!!never ask for my advice if u don't wanna listen to me!
nope #omgthatssotrue ---> the #jonasbrothers are the best group ever!! :)
chalo... the b'day girl and her sis & their dad need some tlc from me now. have a lovely day. i'll be back as soon as i can :) *poooooof*
okay goodnight ttyl love ya too peace out! :)
have fun!! be warm for me, k? :)
well yeah. :) thats why were buying them.
hey you :) hows it goin?
but totally worth it. every last bite! :-)
:) yup
who likess my new background? :)
oh thank you sis :) just tell her sent you to her, she'll follaback ya :) if not i'll tell ya :))
dammit..it's what i do :-)
how amazing it was to see you! now that we're on the same coast we should see each other more often :)
ifi yall dont stop being mean to my twit name imma get to beat you up ! :) | yeaa let them knoo lol
my new affiliate is follow them and their site! :)
made my day :d go follow her! she's amazing and listen to her song "serious"
lol u can do it :d
thanks baby for the 12 roses :) it made my day beside the aaarrrgggghwwuuu i look like a dragon
finally offff of work!!! yyaaayyyy :d
i think i need to add all of those to some sort of to-do list. :)
as you should :)
ok :) byeee <33 i love you shanine! :p
:) good good
me dropping the f-bomb is a clear indicator of drunkeness. in all fairness though it was 9pm, consider the time difference :)
it was a very hard friday night for all los angeles. but eventually la citizens can sleep peacefully now :-)
you change avatar a lot !! :)
finally saw fantastic mr. fox for the first time with and a bunch of others at shop. it was a very fun film. :d
its my bday yallllll!!!!!!! :)
yeah.. just feeling full of emotions.. thank you :)
:d lol where u atttt
i saw : )
for everyone! :) tuts are meant to be bad, well atleast for me #fml
no shit. there's a convention at st jeromes right now :)
sleeping with my mommy now :) ! adios.
good luck. taco bell seems to call my name when i drive by. :)
thank you! a big bunny hug for you too :-)
oooh okaaaaay,i get it. aw thats cute :)
i love my girls !!! n they gets it in :) getting ready for tonite
please say you notice me?! i would screeam :)
went to this nice & really cheap resort early this morning & now off to daet for our last stop :)
if i stare into yo eyes ima wanna do more then fall asleep =)
i wanna go party tomorrow night :-)
i'll be your co-owner if you want :)
bad influence? you? never! :)
i was looking for something good to retweet from you & looks like you've been snoozing on the job :-)
hurry up, you only have 30 more drinking minutes left! :)
siiiii :) waa gracias eh #jonasbrothers
a few months ago, i got a friend set up with a domain, hosting and wordpress, all from my phone over dinner. no biggie. :)
club 11.. come through eleven, 1152 randall ave bronx ny.. come smack some cheeks.. bottles on deck :)
“really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great.” mark twain :)
lol!...nahhh, not even...just givn ya a hard time...ya kno it aint like dat... :)
have a good night! =)
sweet dreams... xoxo :-)
awe! thanks for the ff! :)
i have been singing since i was young & took lessons for 4 years. i've been acting for 1 :)
our mrs reynolds and jaynestown are the funniest episodes. :-) that show is so quotable, thanks to joss.
hola2 ... ratuuu macaaaan.. miss yourt haai morningg :d (cont)
sure why not :)
oh girl idk....but i miss u. :) so maybe sooner than later
just saw the stage for #skeetox! #wow can't wait for the show seriously....no....seriously :)
#ff follow the homie... *@kingdingaling_1* with a screen name like that, why wouldn't you!! :)
is moving from teele to ball sq tomorrow. let me know if you can help. should get started abt 3pm or so. many hands make light work :) #fb
i see you on ustream =)
aawwwww... i hope you feel better very soon :)
i'm doing good! everything went well, thanks god! :) i'm just resting now.....
thank youu :)
you welcome hun!! :)
totally :)
retweet this is yu wanna have sex w/me right now :d
yeah he is! :)
yeah seh totally does! i'm finding some clips for ya :) i have a ton
me and the easter bunny are just chillin! ..talking about all the kids that have cavities and are really rude to him! shame on you! :d haha
emerald has a hot bartender :d
that's a great speech. :)
ha ha! joss stone is on craig ferguson (ny tv) and she has the most posh english accent ever now! :)
whaat? :d
if follow me, it would rily make my day :)
good week, donna cheers! glad to see the launch of your site, a long time coming, as was the add to my blogroll. :-)
