you know what i mean *eyebrows* :d
you are so beautiful :)
thank you :)
thanks for tha follow :) i'm following you back!
hahahaha i think the two a's is cute!!! :d you all have awesome namesss!!! :d i love your name, it's the most unique :d
follow please :)
have a safe flight...my eye red too! lol :)
hey! :)
angels punching me where? and for what??? :) (i don't know what you're talking about... what are unicorns?)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
you really are an awesome person :)
i pinky promise, one of the account
leaders will follow you back in the morning :) i'm on my phone and i cant follow you all!
the vampire is there... go do bad things :)
are u serious? you need to move her now then :)
teaching how to make a twitter. follow for edibles. :-)
well, there were times when i've lost more followers in a single hour than most twitterers have lost in an entire month. :)
hahahahahahaha. yeah i try. :)
sure, we'll come down once is done shopping :)
i would lovee to see in a moviee :) maybe action? comedy? probably romance <3
some books are more about nostalgia than anything :)
#omgmoment- i love your new picture. soo pretty :)
ask me anything :d
follow please :)
heading into city for friend's bday party and night at swissotel. have a good one tweeps! :-)
at quicky's in milpitas with a bunch of friends for a car meet. friend wanted to see the corollas. :)
oke uda tuh hehe thanksrt udah kooook :d emng uda follow apa?-,- followback dong hehe
10 people follow & i will help another person ! :d
thanks, refollowed too :)
... hey every1 is entitled 2b only who they can be... and that is u.... don't forget to follow me cause i'm pretty chic 2 :)
yea it does look pink! i love it :)
im good:) and u? umm, btw, please follow and :) i'll list u 10 times:) thanks b4.
ayee =p shit you come up here it be worth it =)
enjoying the beach at microtel. beautiful place!!! :)
you should come to my next one, saturday night on the 10th :)
 i bought a do the right thing lettermans jacket from flight club today . . . im happy :) that jacket is rare <= :(
just got back home from surprising my son, picked him up after work and took him to his girlfriends :)
#juststfu i'm obsessed w. saying #juststfu :d
very sweet of you, thank you! i will. many months left to go in this masterpiece. kind words & cyber hugs welcome. :-)
peep this. this should help with the diet :d
i've been drink'n smh :) lol
q:i gave u a hint on who it was!! didnt u see "lime" instead of time!? haha i l... a:catie! :)
apple all the way sista!! you won't regret it :)
doesn't ring a bell, but i might recognise them if i saw them :)
well, i haven't seen star wars. but a christmas story is a classic! :)
it was random ..not planned lol..i dont even kno if we goin anymore but i want u to go :)
mi familia will be in philly this weekend for easter! i can't wait to see everyone!!! :)
hey you and i have the same birthday, i think. cool. sing a john mayer song pleeease? :d
even though i dont have ur name in my username, inside i'm a 100% #jasminator!! :) i luv ur song serious! plz follow me.1
congratulations guys! great to see a local business grow from day to day :)
yeayyy berhasil!! papa mauu.. horee jadi liburan!! :)
no , you cant be a pimp . mine only ^_^
nice to meet you ,too. have fun =)
and what's that? :)
we love your music! plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
q:you look so friendly :) a:awwww thank you! :)
exactly. i refuse to partake in hate, and thank you for the encouragement. =)
#ff my cali buddy everyone loves her, i no i do :) < ahw! :-* ily too.
follow please :)
great :) and then just a couple of weeks til the next long weekend (april 26th)
thanks, same to you! :)
u should be with me :-)
umm to the people i followed and they followed back just to let you know i tweet odee and i'm reckless cause i speak truth :) kk thanks
glad you liked the snow gum, it was a great sunset :-)
not "if"... you mean when !!! :d
someone is trying to be you :) plz forgive her ?? bahahah then follow me :)
hahahaha oh...hope ur okay now :d
her new singleee is amazinggg :)
lol i'll be in cali in 2 weeks, and i plan on taking an empty suitcase to fill er up h&m!!! :)
7 more :) shoutout for shoutout :)
yes, all can be turned off in your phone's settings. all at once. :) gnight!
thanks- most obliged for the #ff "just because" :)
i don't really expect a contact, but its (real) rejection story. the screen they didn't like :)
who what when where why??? :d
be grateful, because hundreds of millions of sperms were ejaculated and you were the fastest swimmer. «i'm the winner! :)
:) thanks thelma
goin to urinateee =) hold on
live forever :) life is great
i am doing good lady, enjoying monsoon rain along with loads of work, you say :-)
almost time to slip back into bed :d
stayed for gabriel mintz rec, & i am happy i did. totally rocks, totally looks like howard stern. good times. :)
awww is sucha sweetheart! so cute how he loves his mommy so much :)
thanks ! btw , whats ur name ?? :)
they love me :)
yea boy touchdown already..here my parents house.. maybe visiting our place tomorrow with pamela and brendan :)
winnnnnn! winnnnn! winnnn! i tried to text in my hoodie and walk at the same time, ran into a wall :d it hurt,
thanks ^_^
yeessss purple rain is on!! this night couldn't get any better :)
q:follow *-* a:follow :d
lol tht movie was soooooo freakin good !!!! i wana c it again ! =)
yay! lol :)
i think one day, all the il beliebers should go to six flags together<3 that would be really fuuuunn! :d
:) next tweet better say aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh....that's how i kno ure faded :d
go here and move the first notch thing to the right and it will make the words disappear :)
thanks girl. mwwah ♥ saw your pics :) love it. xo
why would i hate u? i like you. i'm telling u, there's plenty food here. :d why do (cont)
offline!! :d see ya tomorrow!
sounds homo erotic :d re: blow.
:d yeah thanks ! i am btw :d
lol! its ok :) being silly is a good thing. remind me when its closer to june haha
tell us? in 140 char tell us? in 140 char tell us? in 140 char its okay i'm just an expert lol :) ...
