happy birrrrfdayyy wes to da wicks! may god bless u with many more :-)
something good? :)
on my way to ontario airport :d
happy birthday sweetie!! have a great bday!! its my bday yallllll!!!!!!! :)
they won so =p =) lol
:d <== >:d
mind to follow me?? !! plz !! :d
what. it's #shirtlessoclock. :) hey there, buddy. hey there. #lofnotc
hey it's 10 where you are right? cause i was wondering if you'd want to naked party tonight. :)
can u plz follow me :d it would make my day :d i love ur song serious ! i listen to it all the time :d!
miss u too :) i love ur new pad btw ;)
fiji water! only the best comes outta fiji...including me :) got my fiji water... i'm all good!!!
good girl. :)
it's a #jonasthing :d
i'm an excellent house keeper. everytime i get a divorce i keep the house. :)
follow me back pleasee :)
what it do shawty? what's the haps?<im chillen, what's up wit cha?<--yeah yall koo koo 4 coco puffs : )
omg yesss :) #nowplaying lil corey say yes < now i really wanna freak sumn ! haa
knowing jon! i can just imagine what vid is it :)
how bout a good night tweet or dm to me before u go to sleep. :)
i'm going 2 be with the fam tomorrow/today!!! i looovvee them sooo much!!! :) <3
congratulate him :) (but if he was old enough to get married)
nope. not lucky. you take it! =)
sooo grateful for being able to see another bdayyyyyyyyyyy! :) *happy birthday hon!
time to just relax im at home now, and im soo tiered! i have to go to the memorial for my grandma tomorrow, and speck :) night guys <3
thank you for sharing your awesome cover letter. you've completely inspired me to revamp mine. you rock! :)
enthu allrounder? :d
iight =)
thx for the comment. i love your blog. you have a natural talent in writing. :)
oh okay. :3 ...yeah i haven't been, but i'm in a really good mood. :)
congrats!! you were lucky # 116 and won the bob the builder giveaway wishing penny emailing you now :)
thank you! :) x
oh forgot to respond...yes that is fine :)
goodnight :)
its my bday yallllll!!!!!!! :) // happy b-day!!!
we can be friends :)
kim! you're going to reedville cafe breakfast tomorrow? yay! i'll know one person there :d
sounds like an awesome thing to be doing. good for you :)
right back atcha homie :) just unfollowed 700 people
don't you just love texting someone who you love talking to? and you text them constantly. haha. i know i do. :)
its sad when you wake up , by yourself and no one to cook breakfast for you : ( ..j/k lol i cook my own :) !!
lol... i'm a wk out of ct and so out the loop! haha :)
hey, thanks for the reminder. your link is up on our blog now! thx for the exchange :-)
i knew what u meant. :-)
holy fucking shit! lauren graham is going to co-host the late late show w/ craig ferguson starting in may. happy birthday to me! :d
be back in a few guys, & stay on! :)
guest list and bottle service at pure in caesars. its 20 guys and me!! :-)
........ it means dream , hope and love make our life beautiful ... ..... make your life beautiful .... :)
good night, jon! my 12yr old self is still out having fun for us both. =)
mmmm.....bacon-shaped spinner....*drools* *gnaws on folder* what would bacon do? chew on itself.... :d *woof*
:d i autograph lady lumps and pay people to slap them.
her name is lizzie :) she's 8 months old or so. i adopted her from the local shelter in december.
hii :) gotta have my jb told me to follow you, follow back? :)
you can taste my rainbow like skittles :)
haha with...? lol bye :)
you're the man. i never like to dig that deep into the engine. jquery and google maps for me tonight. :)
sondheim is simply brilliant. :)
iya sayang...nonton yaa :)
thanks again for the retweets mate much love. tune in sunday 2pm-4pm to pureradio.fm it's my first show on air !! louis :-)
thank you most kindly : )
tell us? in 140 char tell us? in 140 char its okay i'm just an expert lol :) twitter freak:
haha i used to be soo addicted to farmville, but i dont go on that much either. but thats my favourite gmae :d
i didn't doubt you for a second :) i'll be here w the hangover remedy in the morning!
thx! :) #ff
aww thanks for the shoutout :) i appreciate it <3
oh. but we are :)
thanks! :d
:)
i got my webbrowser open & ready to roll outta bed for hr on yakcy tomorrow =)
hey help me with my goal ? :)
can you go in your room or something? haha i want to be able to see/hear you better. :)
good one! :)
actually, not that low tonight. no cleavage. he was smiling for hockey reasons. :)
hey boyz, need ur help! :)
 very nice. your lips are ginormous by the way lol :) **bang bang** new picture.. <--- lol roast
no way! me too! watching men who stare at goats with friends! :)
thank you for the #ff love :-)
i saw :)! you totally made my day :d
not yet but i bet it's awesome! i like janet jackson, she seems so sweet. hope u and ur family are doing great, angel! :)
goodknight friends!! thanks for makin me laugh! =) needed it!
guys don't spam ! pleasee :d
night jonny boy. :) sweet home depot dreams.
ohh haha :) i would do that too
not yet. but we are working on one. ask me again in a week and we may have a trial process you could help us to test :)
how can i help u here ? my starbucks is doing the same thing right now & i am loving it :)
it's just far away eough to be nice :) hope you're having a good time.
yes, i am a chick and i love to fish – eat it! :)
happyyyy birthdayyyy to wish u all da best & many many many more hun.!! have tons of fun, love u bunchesz.!! muahz =)
#fukk yo life nigga ! // =) --> fuck yo couch 2! | wit 10 dickz!!!
read up :)
:) yeah, sorry. being obtuse. note to self: don't tweet half-cut.
"but i'm a creep i'm a weirdo :d pretenders" ♫
makasi :) terpesona sama permainan keyboard nya kak aldhan pas di ex mainin lagu cinta 2 hati ;) very good
party for me :)
i'm following you now! :)
i'm following you now! are you happy? :)
i love this picture of idky lol. <3 :)
can't say i'm happy or sad today. just glad i "signed up" for life because challenges = growth spurt :)
3 tweeps to go before we reach the magic number 1 0 0 0 :)
ok so i bought both of 's cds and i love them so much espically the song him and did its amazing love it :)
#shoutout to this wonderful lady ==> :-)
i wish i could be working on video!! i'll be a p.a!! maybe one day!! =) gotta keep dreaming!!
for those who care, i didn't die! i'm alive and feeling pretty decent all things considered :) just can't eat solid food till tuesday!
omg! yay! :) i can't wait to get mine too!
looking 4 a #job is a job in itself. :)
awww its okay! we all go thru that, just keep ya head up and rule#987 dont worry, be happy :)
it always is! in la with it should be a good night :)
good night jon! sweet dreams :)
the easter bunny in 1 blog-post: #twitterart #140art happy easter 2 all of u :)
headed back to nyc and (finally!) some gorgeous weather =) hopefully get some sleep on this flight.......
heck yeah!!!! lol :)
you'll see. =)
yes i need someone :) okay ill dm you !
i thought so :)
lol your house :)
we're gonna go early , then leave late . =)
i totally understand. i would be devastated if my dog died. btw, i just added you on flickr. :)
well that's good. :)
thanks! :) #ff the lovely >>> <<<
thanks dude :) havin fun at reggies?? solid night!!
#yycctv2330 :) yes he's angry
thanks for following! following you back :d seems there's a lot of great work being done in africa.
everyone pls wish a happy happy birthday!! : ) xo
lol at *stamp*...we like that! :)
come!! we are last in line only about 15ppl :d
hey! all gud hey! takin sometime chillin down the coast actually, gonna be in jbay on monday :)
my babies....naasir & taalib =)
hi will you please follow me? :) your awesome!
let's sold out this !! friends, go to ! there are 5* and 4 * still avaliable for concerts! x :)
please follow me...i'm your biggest fan ever!! :)
meet my best friend abbey :)
unfollowed all the assholes who aint follow me baq except 4 his tweets are entertaining! :)
hey lady! thx for the #ff :) how are you today?
waaah ngelunjak chan..kita apain nih? bkn'ny itu foto mnyt yg d'ragunan yah :d *piiss hahart
soo since is following me, i wont mind getting a happy birthday :)
thanks for the #ff! :)
absolutely. its just southern hospitality :) i just know how it is getting stuck in amazing cities with no backup plan.
my twitter friends, tq for your : )
sounds like you have some rye and beer :)
lucky i aint in there wudda had di wicced dubb :d
got my sangria :) finally i get to taste it!
question to go there? just visit quiz section from menu, click the go party quiz, click blue play button. :)
i think you mistake "public" contribution to crowdsourcing. q: every public listed company crowdsourced? :)
cool! did you have fun? :)
e(⊙_⊙)e mksd cla?? anakny mas pinx tuh? office with ryan jordan :d
tosca's wit my angels...yummy white sangria :)
nervous/excited for tomorrow! i need sleep so i can do good! thanks for the wishes♥ goodnight! :-)
he did ? i never did :( i got replies from :) they're in my faves . :d
<-- my fav dx moment :d
had sooo much fun at the movies!! =) nothing like watching a black film with other black folk. (hilarious!!!!) <<tru! lol
thx! :) hella funny!! follow! #ff mad funny! lol ask &
lucu banget fotonya, hehehe.. me likey! :-)
lol i like that bing commercial with the vampire. its cute. =)
#ff cause i april fooled her yesterday :d
oh that's great! that's not showing at my place. anyway i bought the fearless platinum, watched it :) :)
peeps, my birthday is on 6th of june :) haha!
thanks :)
nooooope am still ere lol :)
so yummy. thank you again!! :)
we just snatched a mixer!!! #moscatomonday gone be crazy!!!!!!! feat the big homie already know :)
that's like a good saambha! :)
sure am! definitely true. :)
not to mention cle beatin some ass :) perfect night .... ending with banana pancakes and bacon!
okay. it's your opinion and i respect it :)
i miss i haven't talked to her in almost a year. this night was awesome! i love her. :)
sleep tight... thanks for the laughs....and turning me to the dark side! :)
and aleiya saves the day again! thankss :)
join the fukin' club. that's me everyday of my life. don't worry, your not alone...i support you! =) & i know ur hubby does too!
i love being home all up in my comfy bed =)
attending 's wedding. it's a garden party. nice.. :) congrats, kiw!
to all anugerahitz.sg nominees, the very best of luck and thank you for making the local malay music scene as vibrant as it is now :d
2 is good,im have to leave before that,more sun to catch =) and sunburn...=)
any time i play with computer innards, i totally feel like macgyver, sans mullett! :d
tickets are $35 & that includes m&g.give me a minute to figure out where to buy them i forget! :)
umm yeah most probably; mum's bf hasn't been applying for jobs here (that's a good thing for me), and i have a passport. :)
haha! thanks! though, i'm not knocking the quickie, it can be productive and enjoyable! you can beat a full on gush though! :-)
<3333333 u too! =)
thanks, sis! :)
play "everybody knows" it's your best cover. :d
lol no! he's not, his music isn't very good. lol. u crazy girl u crazy. :)
...anyhow, you're tweet just got me thinking...

:)
oh, not dm, gmail, lol. :)
i know you weren´t there, it´s a glass partition :)
sorry my facebook is private,if you wanna add me,please give me your name fb or email,i'll add you :)
hey hun :) how's everything lolz
the people in the line like and and such that make it fun :)
regardless you're beautiful :)
:) you're welcome!
ilookaliike imusthavelocker ifightshelbymarx and ireunitewithmissy on the locker one im dancing :)
fresh out the shower :) . stomach hurts & i'm really in need of a full body massage . #offthis . goodnite twitpeeps . hugs & kisses ♥
thanks for the #ff shout-out! :)
really? wow. was he on a bad streak earlier or is this completely out of the fucking blue? :)
heard the convo :)
yeah that looked like the traffic version of the sat test :)
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :d
aww thanks :) ♥
have no fear. anytime cries, an angel gets its wings. :d
