thanks hun. thought it was a bit ott though! have a great day. :-) x
hey :d can you please follow me and mackenzie & sub bck onyt www.youtube.com/teamstephenjerzak
have a wonderful weekend, my friend. time for me to crash. 'night. :)
i just moved a permanent page to a post yup, the theme is changing soon. hint, hint :)
yeap i just go back from the mall :) i didnt buy anything :| poor me
awww!! :d how cute. :')
btw- go trojans! i'm a usc grad, class of '93 :)
lol! is it that obvious? :)
haha thanks! we're screening the ep first and then it's the q&a so you can sneak in easily. :)
i begin to wonder if u are a vampire... cause i bit you... hard. :)
how u doing my dear,my friend thanxs for acceptin me sis :)
my strawberriessss :d
morning though :-)
good friday was a good friday :)
shoutout to you as well!!!>thanx so much :)
in a fashion show sat!! :) check it out!! :)
thank you my sweet sweet bff :) are we ever going to play together again?
i will give you the biggest easter egg if you dm me :) hahhaahha
kmu cancerian jg? :d
bh bound :)
sepp2 :)
heyyy can you plz follow me i would love it thanks!! (or atleast reply) :)
thnk u =) lol smhh yall all look clrazzz
it's okayyy... thanks for telling me ! maybe another time :) you want me to dm you the song?
i can only guess thought you were british or 'connected' to the arts. a compliment all the same :)
aye nigga go run tell the world ya boy is back!!!! -- yay :)
makasihhh :d cantik bgt tysh! and yeah, myself at b'girl april styletopia (cont)
girl, i ain't spillin anything......sweetie i am merely stating a fact, if men knew why, maybe they would try harder also! :)
seen my buddy :)
yes i love to hv fun and enjoy life. i'm following u now. u seem cool and u hv a pretty profile pic :)
can i have the website? :d
yaah i knoow :) why ?
:) may it be fun.
how are youu ? :d
i don't do that stuff. :)
dog and baby deer playing lovely bit of video :-)
#shoutout >>> :) :o :d follow! =]
"ima do it so fast, do it so raw/ give u sum more, inter ya net n den i explore, ya know?" :-)
this is where i remind myself that it's about 12 or so hours until doctor who 5.1. hurrah :) (via know that feeling!!!
erin, wish you the best tomorrow :-)
then your alien reptilian eggs hatch? 14 more days!! :d
hey can i please have a shoutout i'm so close to my goal :)
back in sd tomorrow :)
follow me? pleasee. im gonna marry you at mcdonalds someday lmaaaao :)
back from my date. i can't stop smiling. :d
i'm going to bed now lovely, talk to you manana! ily lots <333333 xoxo :d
and s/o 2 just bekuz and she kinda hottt yall :-)
hi. thank you 4 ur shouout :) <--- u r welcome...that my plesuare to help...=p
will do. and the salt thing was crazy. glad that's over! :)
wish u could do some bad things with me :)
thanks for the #ff :)
morning i love your storytelling it just makes me want to relax and curl up in a corner sucking my thumb :)
goingg with bianca to see the last song :)
hey justin :) followw . they lovee youuuu <3
heheheh thank you :) pagi2 dengerin lagu dope nya jadi semagad bet dah...hohohoh
speaking of bodys...i need to get mine right for summer :)
for sure! :)
thanks :)
chirp :-)
hello dahling, i see u made it to 1000 flwrs :-) // im reall happy about it too
kayy send me thee pics imma do yourz now since u mii twinn aha =)
follow i will go live if i get 1,000 followers....folllow my baby daddy! :) aha
you're welcome =d ... nothing.. just here, coming back from my bff's house =) and what about you?
sip :d yay! hehehe nanti aku masuk masukin the stories deh.
goodnight!! :) don't let the bed bugs bite!
both :)
so glad to know that u always have something to make u feel better ty :)
i wanna fukk #oneofmyfollowers and she knows this :) #random
ayooo b i like thee new twitcon suckaa :)
lodi, ca huh? originally from sonoma and fresno myself. now living in wa :)
icha, jd dtg di ugm kemaren? sori gak sempet ketemu ya. thanks for coming :-)
:) well thanks
well thank you sweety =) has some very sexy eyes....#imjustsayin
haha. not much, doing a new one shot for youtube. you? :d
cool view in malaysia :)
yes indeeed & you can have other jailmates to jack off to it :)
i subbed :) (youtube
ok so my nite isn't end'n how i wuda wantd it 2 but its cool i guess...... <---yuuup its coool sbooo =) mine was weird 2 lol
:d you and jo have some of my finest work ;)
paris: yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love reading :)
i knew it was close to 50! 49? :d yes? no? haha :d -danielle <3 love you #iicdhouse
i entered earlier :) i don't always have time to do blogs, but love the cupcake theme, too cute to pass up :)
wow! kanye has his on twitter account for his quotes?? that's petty wicked.. follow for famous kanye quotes yu guysz! :d
you're welcome & have a great weekend :)
damn, the flaw in my plan :)
new ico again :)
sure...i meant in general, not just that post, :)
omg its for real #twitterafterdark up in hurrrrrr tonight. lol. why is so horny?! (i think its the good weather :)
glad you got it okay! and sorry it was late. the calendar was, umm, too small to read :)
 who's up < da ppl u see tweeting :)
well yes, it runs in the family haha i miss you let's all hang out again pleaase my cousins r sooo smart :)
okay, i guess you missed my good night awhile back... but that's okay, i'm awake :-) what's up?
if i dont get 5 rts, to reserve a hotdog... i'm staying in atherton :)
ummmmm ok thanks 4 tellin me dat trt grew up on the south side. love twitter. #niggawhat :)
still chilling on zingled! is awesome! :) keep looking for me!
wow. minh's a dyke!!! =)
good night to you. it's been a genuine pleasure to make your acquaintance here. bye only for now. ok? :)
the best thing about me is you :)
the c streeters believed that permanent majority crap and acted as if they were above the law. let's see how that plays out :-)
i'm up! what's good? :)
what's up? :)
oh how i've suffered, nobody understands me, fix me a drink and hand me a nembutal :)
haha :d yeea sure =) whats ur fav color ?
i do what i do baby! no turntables no headphones moving 1300 ppl can you do that? uummm i think not! :) i love everyone
aww :) are you planning on having kids?
#peopleshould #teamblackberry is the shit!!! :)
start a convo with me :)
not past my bed time but still need to crash g'night twitterverse for a few hours at least :-)
:d :3 makasih ya buat semua followers dan following yang udah ngehibur aku selama ini~
haha nuthing you ? :)
: ) !!! ty
yeah, kinda. :) started a new tech blog guidingtech.com. i keep following ur site, though too lazy to comment on posts. :p
it has too much flavor for me ahaha but i admit those are good :) but you gotta try soto mie!
follow ? :d
the lone drinker checking in after a looong hiatus..will stand watch with appletini lola. :)
...since prince was on appollonia. <--soo ur watchin it too :) lol
thnk :) i will add you to my list!
just now? late night! :) isn't m&s happy hour fantastic?
whoo-hoo :d
back home goodnight =)
i'm here too. =)
i just added you ! =) << hurd
haha. he sounds really nice, and i guess i'll continue tweeting since you love my typos. :)
if you know :)
i am always the winner when you and hug me :)
thanks for the amazing #ff guys. love you all. :)
nothing like listening to "i left my heart in san francisco" while driving through san francisco :)
:) #hotmess! you and were my first #redeye pals :) then &
..i am following you :)
at la piñata with our asain bitch about to get tipsy lol =) fuckn with these mexicans tonight lol
sorryz, i haven't done ff in awhile and i wanted to get them all in before midnight :)
just got their call. they are coming soon. :)
i'm praying for you & your brother strength. love you =)
14 :) you?
thanks i love that song :d
hi i'm following you can you follow me back?? please! thanks ^_^
(: love would never do without you :)
lol...i don't even know what that means! is that something like metallica crossed with the beach boys and the beastie boys? :d
speaking of bodys...i need to get mine right for summer :)
isaacs been cracking me up all day!!! :d
yes :)
let me know when u're done :)
that's good =)
aw, how sweet is that picture! yeah, he's a little heartbreaker in training, that one. :)
thank you friends for the follow fridays by the way!!! love you =) xoxoxoxo
shoutttttttouttttttt: :d
crack me up and i love you for it :-)
teenagers so they need ruff tuff activities...tks for ur help. between u n shaista... :)
should i post some sexual tweets about the signs they could be really graphic. -yes :d double yes ! lol
i love you girl :)
not at all :d party for a reason let that reason be party ;)
if you love how much justin cares about his fans!! :)
i have absolutely no idea :) ♡ wat wud yall do without each otha lol
noooo i just love icee =) mmmmmm
i sure have! thank goodness! what a crazy term! :)
drinking #starbucks coffee after 11pm is a no-no. you're just asking to not be able to fall asleep! #wired :)
thanks to came to know that it is shavam's 's bday and 's too :d happy wala birthday guys :)
stop using...deodourants.... :d .. no no.. i m not kidding!!
hey follow my...i love you....u r my fav actor....u makes me smile everyday :d kisses from uruguay...u know it ?
so it's 2:30 a.m. and i'm craving coldstone, hahaha ! :d
hahahahaa ohh welll :) im bored. hahaha
pancakes this saturday morning :)
had a great time at midnight sushi w/ and the happy newly engaged couple and leslie! :) so exciting!
okay. i'll follow back you too :)
im bored.. so i might just do some pilates since im in for the night :)
ipl.. :-) cool. shall call once free from work and we'll figure venue :-)
anytime!! thank you for following back beautiful =)
2 more followerss until 1030 :)
you were just ripping it up & got carried away! rest well, drink tea w/ honey, and pray! :)
lol watch some cartoons till u tap , thhat always helps me .. the ones on boomerang :) lol
well, i couldn't have walked home to lynnwood faster. :-) i was on the bus. cc ->
lol i'm abt to go get me sum food now :-)
i have this cd... :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmrltdpa9ke&feature=related
awe<3 thank youu for remember me that..i wont give up :)
you're so very welcome :) t makaasiii yaaa *smooch smooch*
made a vegetable pasta bake lots healthy veggies. of course the erm cheese isn't ermmm so healthy lol :)
insulate yourself from the #recession with getpaidtodayuniversity.com make multiple $1000 profits all you do it tweet for me :)
haha awww i want one where u get that biotch ?? ! ...and i miss you =) ...
*hugs* :)
lol nooo neva! you are inherently huggable as well! :) ~huugs~ /why thank you dear : )
thanks for the feedback on my pic :)
lights gave you a shoutout?!!? that's awesome!!! :d
it's my 16th bday on tues! it would complete my bday if you dm me!! :) <3
have fun...enjoy ur weekend :) take care kakaaa....:*
today holy saturday. :d
one of the best recent japanese dramas is coming to kiku tv. yes, they actually obtained jin!!! :d #jdrama
yang bersih yah, jang.. nyuci poto :d weiss weiss papoto'an mulu ini (cont)
yeaaa i'm going to sleep though :) night night
im done :) i got you 12 followers!
followed them :d
haha :) well i do so no worries ;) so wt up?
going bowling with ... a shit ton of people :)
$500.00 woah!!! do u want in jus from twitter? sign up :)
thankyou :)rt followed :)
it was ok. did my mom's hair and it came out good. :) but then got home & my dvr had erased all the nk stuff i was saving
goodnight sweetness :)
my best mates are sjs and so low energy compared to me. but i love them. :) #mbti
llamas are tight? how do you know that? you've fucked one? : )
tp kan itu citra nya msh brondong citcit..16th gitu.. kalo kamu kan udah 61th wakakka aaah yg penting kan namanya citra :d
april 3rd, 2010 i got my tumblr boo :-) she’s so pretty yessssss!
