still sick. bahh... :( if i can get my brother to give me $75, i'll buy myself a psp-3000. :d
u know how she do g4hereg4back all n the same day!<shut up! no i dont lol..its easter i'll b here4 5days :-)
riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight there with you. :d
haha!! i didnt listeb 2nite, ill liten sunday....im playing dtunk rockband & irs fun..i lurvey u tho :)
one more game :) hello playoffs. my name's vancouver canucks. can i speak to div. title pls? yes, i'll hold
sorry we can't follow ~ please follow our admin and we'll follow back . thx ~ :)
yes i got it <3 here's the picture of in life & style magazine :)
i am now. :-) retweeted you, and i follow her.
i know i know and i will definitely use you!! :)
me too :)
wit the trickn chickn masters and and my lovies and pandyyyyy! :) ~ fun times
so hold on another day , cause love is on its way, you'll fine its gonna be okay cause love is on its way eres mi vida :)
on my way to :)
sooo tmrw's weather will be beautiful in cincy! i may come back to the atl with some tan lines :)
haha! i get them from everywhere. a lot of people send me requests and i post them. :)
wait for table at v. playing with drunks. :)
lmaoooo suckass ppl..i love it << more like eatting ass lmfaooo :)
isn't it so delish? can't resist coffee ever :)
okay going to sleep now :) volunteering at an earth day event tomorrow morning at 7:30 which means waking up at 6 am. goodnight!
wow, thank you! thats probably the best #ff i've ever received. you are awesome! =) thank you sooooo much!
starting on the 12th. i have this week to fix my sleep patterns, mess around with my camera, and do lunch :d
if you want me to follow you!! :)
if u dont follow chuck norris will find you... :)
feel free :) and maybe i'll bring too to whup up on (cont)
mmmmmmm what a night! lol no what a day!! ... priceless :)
make it happen lay :-) ayo ayo buat di :d
lol wordd .. :)
who all has a skype or a oovoo thats tryna chat? hit me up :)
its my birthday !! and im part of the lil twist family, the name is twizzler lmao what it do :d
ok sweetie,i will :-) loveeee ya~mwahhh :-)))
in my room, while my tongue licks the tip... :)
extraa blaaaah <----no boobs? lmao i still like it =)
+1000 happy birthday to medical marvel kavya! :) hope she inherits her mother's strength & wit.
apple ipad's teardown :d
what's inside an ipad ?

http://bit.ly/bscppy
do u think,u can make a pinoy fan happy today? :) follow me pls..?.
i hella hit the cash ball and just won $2676 playing bingo. this has been one helluva week!! :) :) r...
im back... did i miss anything?? :)
eggy waygs :)
i promise i will be sober tomorrow, saying sorry now no hard feelins at least i am at hom :) hows eagles going?
wow! say hi from me. :-)
you are welcome :) happy easter!
ask me anything =)
depends if i look at his ugly face the night before :p is so ugly its intoxicating :)
where's he from? what does he do? free-time interests? ya know, the basic stuff :)
no i will check them out now! it will give me a rest from zealotfreak77 4 a few :)
ah, the indian summer! well, rain hail or shine, t'is always beer season here :) its going to be lassi/beer season this end!
on april 17th 2pm, will be at amoeba, hollywood. just one of plenty reasons why it sucks that i'm not in la anymore. *sigh* :)
:) thanks for the rt! have really enjoyed your choice of haiku tonight.
lol well i guess you can be that and you rite i do thats because im a nice person even after the first time we spoke :)
thanks!! you're going to have to follow me so i can dm you :)
okay seriously mat lo :) mein #nautanki kar rahi hoon :d
u bet :) i lov it..wat goes for u today
i think deserves a world tour :) <3
omfg justin bieber never let you go on much music!!! :)
yes i like had us on the same followfriday list :) .. the wind was freakin cold 2!
had to tief sizzla tune and set it straight for the females :)
and then green day/soundgarden/arcade fire/phoenix/cut copy/chromeo/the strokes and about 100 more r there to :d
thanks sweetie :)
no idk what your tlkn bout.... :) lol ahah hows ny without me?
woooo justins in jasmine villegas new music video :)
a new theme i tested for him :d
#shoutout 2 my bby momma she so sexy but we gona fight if she dnt start speakin 2 me =)
miss it? yeah right...i think i might owe you $4.99 a minute for that though... thanks & :)
bwaaaaaaah :d even if i can't afford it in real life, at least i have this simulation! thank you!
i followed you back. :)
new fake to get me to the last 2 months till 21... sounds good to me :)
celebrating bday tonight!!!!!! fun night ahead!! come to the abbey to join us :d
ack. i unfollowed the bookshop :d
heehee. interesting. i like kavia already! and i like you, too. :) hugs and kisses to both of you. :)
#peopleshould really learn how to tip...it's 2010 yall...#getittogether & if you can't afford 25% or better...stay at home :-)
hey designers, what are your favorite sites for web design inspiration? i'm doing research and need a little help :)
i'm gonna follow one person right now :) okay who wants me too?
#shoutout new follower :)
haha i have the dexter ringtone. morrrrgaaaan. :d
eating brekfast :)
happy bday sis love you and may all your wishes come true and may god continue to bless you in all you do :)
i made it! yayyy :) thank you! i can sleep, finally ;p
i can't follow you back because it wont let me ! im sorry ! i will when i can <3 :)
i hacked her twitter lol :) don't let people like get into your twitter. lmbo. hahah.
gummorning hows the bb rockstar :d
seriously, makes photos bend at his will. :)
lol yes! even stopped at the diner by glen helen :)
3 words in my pants :)
welcome back to the bb :) pin:21883973 add me fool
hi hi :)
can you make my night and dm me :d
10 more until 8000 :)
yeah, i know it's right. i kept the few i really liked and i'm moving forward in life :d i need to find "my guy" lol
=) warriors!!
anytime :)
yoi dong fir :d dp bbm cantik amat
go here and click on the button that says "+ create page" the process is pretty simple :)
greatness is sho nuff in the air!!!! it was a great show tonight =)
thanks :) it was difficult to keep my wits about me!
i hope so :)
goodnight readers :) have a great friday night!
thankyouuuuu darla :d happy sweet seventeen my dearest wish you all the greatest in life and meet our idols
come through sunday :) 11am 61 rivington st, by f, v to 2nd ave and 6 to something else in the les. we'd love go have u :)
hiya donut! :-d how you doin? :-)
lol. i'm sorry. lol. sending you #goodthoughts :)
