can u do now and later girl by c-breezy for me ^_^
thanks babe i love u :)
hardrock. =) dnt hate.. i'll bring u something back lol.
omg it feels sooooo good to be in my own bed :)
its akay!! :d im easily confuzzled.
okay then i'll stick to #macbook :)
have a great day :d
i love the middle sibling too :) hey kuya me too!!rt i love my sistr! (cont)
if ur consistent, nothn wrong w/treats :-)
waaaow :) love it zindagi toofani hai, jahan hai duckberg, gadiyan lazers hawaijahaz!ye hai duckberg!rahasya suljh
follow please :)
goodnight! :)
much on the fone!! :)
yeap you do! :)
f-this...i'm goin home!!! oh shiit passed ma exit..f-twitter =)
awsome! haha direct message me :)
hello you how are things going :)
hey! good morning! where is my breakfast? :)
retweet: if your still online :d
follow please :)
go in alone ;) lol <==liking my tweets =)
oh by the way i miss you guys too :) like, insanely :)
:) thnx
were starting to queue now :d
we have the same number of followers!! *hi-5* #twittertwin :-)
it's log, log, it's big, it's heavy, it's wood! it's log, log, it's better than bad, it's good! (beata's favourite jingle :) :))
q:what does lady gaga means 4 you?? :d a:her songs are fresh and her style and behavior ar...
kill your darlings was good. alexanders skarsgards' character was funny :d
i'm :/ :) and :3 all at the same time. >.< but, hey sup i like you kbai.
saving energy for tonite :) horizontal now..rt: babe get ur lazy ass n come to alexis. haha
:) xoxo rt@singingbeauty26 #ff these amazing models !! :)
jahat nih pd mau nampar.sya slh apa baginda?rt i want do that to :d ada yg bs sy bantu? how can i slap u?
you know i just love introducing you to new music :) gotta hit her old school too though before bed.
yea hahahaa :) yes im the 318th following on jasmine :d so proud!!! wohooooo
lmfaoooooooooooooooooo "i just wan get ur attentino , i rly wana be all up in ur headdddddddddd" :)
www.bbc.co.uk/radio1/robdabank listen again u numpties :)
ask me anything and i will give you a shoutout if you tell me who you are! :)
i think u should use that pic, actually any pic u use will be good considering ur beautiful \\ ^_^ thankyou
know ur online boy... were watching you ... lol :)
let's hope this time it covers the whole of europe then! o.^ and you should use amazon, its great for regional imports! :)
me too ! :d
absolutely! i love the feeling you get when you're on a rollercoaster! and thank you! :)
haha yeah suree :)
ase sis :-)
thanks :)
i had very little fun in college myself, so don't feel bad. :-) i've had way more fun as an adult.
nv with majority of my beezies! :)
:) the lobby is hilarious
which one? :)
hi pretty. :)
justin posted on faceeeebooook :d
follow please :)
mau hadir, tp pgn sesajen nya om.. : ) saturday, april 3rd 2010,embassy bdg"stylicious (cont)
nice seeing you steven :)
i love ur #zodiacfacts =)
night night :)
i'm going to try so hard to sleep in tomorrow :)
just left the studio .. y'all know i don't rap no more but i had to do it for my cousin .. #happybdaytome :)
this looks like an altar. omg. haha. worshipping the boys. :d
woooooooooo!!!! almost bday time :) #411 #411 #411 #411 #411 #411 #411 #411 #411 #411 #411 #411 #411 #411
thanks so much :)
aww thanks so much.. its okay, i belieb he'll follow me someday :)
hahah!! u can have some ! :d
idk why beliebers use to say if you're a true belieber then follow this person? i am a 100% true belieber :d
50 to go shoutouts 4 shoutouts anyone :)
makes sense. yet still worth a shot! were taking over :)
haven't seen underworld, pulling now, cheers :-)
will do!! do me a favor vote fa #2deep on please :)
tests too. =) warning: pregnancy can often lead to an infant!
i am talking to about foodgasms and tweetgasms. reminded me of you. lol.// ha!! :)
oooooooo #nowplaying coolio "gangsta paradise" :) this shit super classic lol
layin dwn chillin on twitter :) ( sounds like fun lol )
hey it's like 1:30 i'm really bored add some excitment to my night maybe dm me :) make me the happiest girl alive xox
thank you for the #ff! :)
miss you mom :) .
ben johnson, magic johnson sm michael jackson ya mas? i've got 3 johnsons in my fpl squad :d
lol well done! i told you, no shoes :))) i'm good! u? here ya go: :)
lol jacob lol ....i can see y u like him but im team edward =) (@jdandjbteam live on
i didnt know charice was the one who sang on oprah haha :d i knew she would become a big super star i love her song pyramid
never tell ur problems 2 anyone 20% don't care & 80% are glad you have them> triste no? pensemos q al 2% si le importan :)
"miley can't stand nick." mh? well, then, that means miley is a hypocrite. js :)
i have now seen you in a 10000 seat stadium in dublin and the bbq section at my ralphs. i love the extremes =)
mornin' guys! :d omg! firefox updated new version and i have cool skin behind the tabs and stuff! :d
yellow! by coldplay :)
that's me & u! i likey =) #zodiacfacts #scorpio and #leo are both (cont)
at hardrock #chitown :)
retweet: if your still online :d
tonite was epic from fake ids to roof top parties wit free wine/liquor to waterguns n sleepy drunk niggas to no happily ever afters :)
#zodiacfacts scorpios can be either the sweetiiest person... or the biitchiiest person :) #nshit
thank you! :)
thanx for the follow back! :)
glasgow. oh fucking yeahhh :)
hey im fine :) you?
who me? :) #fuckoff
true. you mean the world :)
had an awesome time at fridays with and friends :-)
yeah, just like mine :d crazy mother w/ imaginative kidlets!
#iremember uncle scrooge and luie, duie , huie his nephews and uncle scrooge was a miser n loved to swim in his gold :)
brittany yours? :)
lmao why thankyou :)
twilight's on :) where's my edward?! ♡.
is creepin. :d
880th dm goes to :)
i miss you clauclau! you should have come with us it's paradise over here :d happy easter!!!
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
and justin is already following y'alll :d :d
you have to see this... its really cool :)
:) tweet! :d we really really miss you :( know ur busy but how about taking some time off for us? will be appreciated :d
lmfao! #so #funny :d
madebysofa rocks man, totally :)
thankyou gorgeous :d x
yeah he is xd i like smosh! :d
take me wit you! :-)
ok that would be great!! later :-)
me 2 i feel like spooning right now :) lhh
follow her!!!!<---- she only needs four more followers for her goal (100) :d help her out!
yea get skype or oovoo so we can chat again ^_^
*giggles* i klepto'ed the puuurease from roger rabbit..but how can he resist now? :d
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
me 2 i feel like spooning right now :) lhg
was that reply to urself to remind you that you had to pee? :)
hahahahah you seee wat no sleep does to youu? :)
i agreee. ours is colorful :)
thank you amelia..i appreciate it :)
pinjam him cari makan ka? :) ...trying persuade my cousin to pinjam him next month.
thank youuu ! :) what;s up ?
i love it when you salute and then cheer and hug me :)
wew..pada di bdg semua :) touchdown bandung and otw to sersan bajuri, acara kampus trus (cont)
haha no problem :) i wanted to get you to 1000 before you came back but i couldnt :/
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
wooohooo lol! i've just had a rush of red avatars. oh no, just a lot of chatter from :)
we know ur online... :)
sorry :) sure. whats your goal?
it's someone's birthday today. many, many happy returns of the day :-)
:d we heard our beautiful beau has the name of a friend's childhood dog.my bro just named a baby eli. same as his college dog?
wow, hi!! :) ...i haven't seen your face in a long time. thanks for the #ff ...hope to see you more! xo
what do you guys think of my trailer on briannafrost.com watch it!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =)
my cousins r sooo smart :) agree!!! best things in life aren't things ;)
blahhhh. burned by the glue :/ time to rest, back at it, in the am:) but the bunny has a tutu dress and tiara :)
i was tryna catch ur class, but was at rehearsal! hope 2 c u in la again soon tho-ill let u kno whenevr im in ny the near future! :)
yessss :) follow back and show the love
tell brich heaven said he needs to go listen to artilari's mixtape asap :)
oh ok. ill try my best to get you some followers! :)
best place to reflect on life... is on the can... :) lol
#zodiacfacts scorpios can be either the sweetiiest person... or the biitchiiest person :) #nshit
thanks for the #ff :d
follow now ~~~~> :d
some very nice photos love the snowgum. also like the one of howitt spur. :-)
awww just got added to my sweetness tonight. :)
so.. twitter! what i must do now? i love wwe divas! please follow me tweeps.. :-)
then 'nyolot' is my middle name! :d i'm good...and jakarta has been good to mr too. can't understand why u ditched this city.
lol haha yes you are very drunk and im glad your having fun :)
stop creeping & tweeet already! lol :)
he wont have like a convo with u lol me n him r both busy, im gnna do a song with him too so, but u can talk to me :)
i like it! lol. family guy is on right now :)
then she tell's me that i need to stop flirting with myself in the mirror! i so never do that!!! :)
:) can't complain
having a great talk with my girl i fuxs with her the long way man!!! #shebeknowing!_#dierich babyy :-)
if u love purple :) lol
i'm game for a good cry :)
am plecat spre #brasov :) o iau lejereanu, pe cheia
you are so pretty :)
seriously my favorite song from 's new album is mirror!!! :) i can't stop playing it!
everything will be ok :)
your bf is a keeper, is he? happy to hear it. :-) did he do something special for you today?
aww i wish i could give u nice feet rub right now :)
#whenitsthislate ima call and have him sing me to sleep from now on =)
gorgeous mom :) i remember when i met her.
shes soo nice
at the airport :) yay. 2 hours!
yep on the 10th! :d
can you send me an ipad? :)
yeaa hope will refollow me soon :) and i have no idea why did he unfollow me
lmao...ah...too too funny!now that would make an interesting twitvid. :)
please dm me :) <3
good vibes, good day...pretty excited to sleeep :)
mhm... well i love dha way yu bitin dem lips on yur defualt, very seductive :d
we're wasted!! mary was there too :)
it was nummy :-)
im not going to sleep until dms me :d im so tired..
i've made a new friend. is such a sweetheart!--- :-) thanks luvie!!!
can you sing you and i both by jason mraz? :)
justin bieber on chelsea lately show! ooooooh =)
qoodnite twitter :) holla at yall latersz bout to lay down get comfortable..text..tv u know! over nd out bow!
i'm well, albeit snowed under by study, altho u wouldn't know it, amount of time i'm loitering here :)
love ya too..and i miss you :d
happy birthday :)
sure. followed. :d
happy birthday yaa! have a blast one :d morning:-)ucpin hbd ya buat n ya:-)
good morning :) woow. 170 followers <3 thanks for all the ff's!
great! i'll let u know then :)
awwwwwwww *big hugssss* =) any plans for tonite?
that's very nice to hear. i really can't stop smiling. <3 :d
you are very welcome :)
i was never following you actually, i didnt even notice that o.o lol sorry, im following now :)
great, emil :) science and technology interactive museum with kids, seeding their future innovative startups ideas
suree.. what will you be at ? mine will be at 4,615 :)
no....yesterday. :-) yes...highschool...back in "the day" so to speak...
good lord, that´s a party!! too bad you have to work :-) i´ll write it on my calendar lol
i let my students fail. waiting for the phone calls first week back. :)
alguém aí tem um ps3 e quer jogar uncharted 2 online? :d ou little big planet? :d
