well, it's my snoring time. have fun with your blips and memories! :)
you are right, but since when did we get the truth from the media? :)
yeah :)
thanks but i just now bought a domain for the purpose :-)
okay thx for the tips :)
lmaoo yesssirr keep it coming :)
oh, but you can j. :-)
okay, mere oversight on my part. website for runners. :)
hahah! :)
hahaha not a fan.. but have to go and pimp my show :)
#ff <--- follow because she's awesome like that =)
yesss :d and thanks :)
it was the "twice removed" part that threw me. :-)
s/o 2 all of my new followers get at me :) & if i'm not followin' yu back let me know !
i swear u cant fuck w me but i can fuck yo girl and make her nut for me slut for me steal for me kill for me :)
#infolimit si limit nih, ya yang baca. thanks :)
this chick is too hot! lol! nice little bond we got goin here too :-)
watching new moon with bestie :)
or smoke one dayy :)
i'm a huge fan of yours, can you please follow me? :)
good :) lol
i'm too young to be serious, i'm not ready for love, love, ready for love. i do really can relate to it :) love ya!
hanging out with the girls :)
today is going to be a busy day. lots of work! i'm loving every minute of it though cuz i know my hard work leads to huge rewards! =)
being social on twitter can definitely have it's advantages. :)
aaaahh! 571 followeersss! :) yaaayy! thank you so much guyyss! <3 i really appreciate it! ;d
anddddd im back ^_^
get the imindmap app. good for organizing thoughts :)
oh ok , thx ~ :) i'll try to make it better and happier ~ :) thx anyway ~ :d
ma bad it wuz a typo lol and i feel u. its good to stay above the influence. i can respect that. =)
you think you're the only one? haha :d if i could just buy one thru online shopping i will. but my parents are against it.
:-) me and acting cuh-ray-zeeee!
please follow: she's new and she needs more followers. follow if you love jasmine like us :)
this nigga coogi shirt is spelled cugee! i gotta get one of them new shits :)
nisso.. curti sair em festas :d
hay, thanks for all the #ff :)
:) look twestie, ih2g it's late and im still yawning. love you ttyl kay? bye<3 xo
haha, my wife was suggesting that earlier. would, but there's no camera. could probably fake it :)
‎​†ђąηk ўσυ‎ for the rt... 'something' wrong in your bio, #cekidot :)
oh that's awesome :) woo
please follow me ! i'm wait for you , in brazil its 01:41 am ! :)
i do read them :)
happy birthday!!! have a super one :)
you're allowed to be, i am honored! :d
sabar sis! we (ur fans) got ur back! yeahh! =)
fuck. you. too. :) fuck. you.
lol bahha :)
i'll always luv my #brownskin butta hunnies tho!!… a lil bit a caramel & a lil bit a chocolate = a whole lotta happiness!! :) #teambrownskin
i love my sister so much!! <- me too! and helen! << happiness :)
i absolutely love how ur cool with like every single one of my friends and family lol :d love you! xoxo
this is me right now :d
waves of smiles :)
tipsy!!! lovn my shabaam!! :) such a great nite...soooo happy!
i'm #listening juliana theory understand dream is over ;) ♫ // #rock #music #nowplaying #escuchando :)
we never know & realize what we got 'til it's gone :)
#shoutout ta for all tha shit she tlks on here haha , makes twitter worth while :) haaaa.
thankyouuuuu! happy bday yah gil :)
either way, its friday and you need to enjoy yourself. if that means sittin at home or goin out, either way :)
ok. i'm going sleep. kisses everyone =* until tomorrow :d
very pretty abbey (: you'll be the pretty one and i'll be the weirdo in ugg boots :)
lol dats wassup! u go 2 creek?< nope, i go to brook!!! :) :) :) proud wolverine!
oh yeah! that guy follows my list. :d
banyak keinginanan step by step welah :d
lovin tonight :) i kicked a dead rat lawl
i'm doing ok now. thanks for checking on me. : )
i love "serious"! your voice sounds amazing :) i would appreciate it if u could follow mee <3
last one.... sorry, still coughing and got ultimate tomorrow... thanks for the games! =)
q:were you a michael jackson fan? a:yep. :)
cloud 9< mmmm lemme guess. the skyline? :) > naw...just nyc amaziness..catching up w/ old friends...
iya nih,yh mshlah dichart ☺ om budi bisa aja deh :) masih ya,kirain ud kluar (cont)
woii sob i'm here haha selamat siang dan mba :) kok belom muncul2 yaa ?
haha i wish they visit here :) mcfly come to our country, i'm so excited that i might kidnap danny xd
ahh alex your amazing you give me the best chills ever :)
do have a pleasant easter weekend from me, ts: the good egg :)
i'm feelin' good too :) hope things are workin' out well with the track
"...& i wouldn't change a thing" :)
incredible. thank you jesus for raising up men and women to proclaim your truth and love in all areas even running. :)
=)
& yes i just retweeted mostly all of nicki's #shoutout2dagirlz tweet. cause she was tweeting some real shit & i fucks w/ her for that :)
thinkin' about sleep / or music :)
comment my new default. cos' ill return n' all. :)
cieeeeeeee...met latihan deh...jgn lupa undangan...wkwkwk...have a nice day too! :)
saturrific! :)
i love percy jackson than harry potter :)
so very bored. hit me up :)
:) i may have found someone i can buy a bracelet from. this makes me very happy
dear followers, are you crazy w/ and wanna get free merchandise? lets follow up thankyou! :)
salam buat tante wani yee :d
:d thankyou nis muah :)
a koala? :d so cuuuuteeee i love them together. they ~get eachother
made some delicious bread pudding with some left over cake :)
im only gonna watch ultimate school musical cause ruby rose is on it :d
mejor me voe a escucha al the big boss!! :)
we're on holiday :d and the leicester results weren't too great so antoine was drinking away his sorrows. :)
buahaha haha syiaul tw aje.. :d kan km sring sm herput:p:p weekrt (cont)
strawberry jams for traace and marissa :) hope they'll like it :)
#totalteens having secret codenames for boys we like, and the only people that know what they mean are your frieends. :d
is #serious -ly amazingly beautiful. :)
omg yesss i knew someone would get it :d
pizza? loadsa rice? what what? :)
