consider the iphone's primary distributor (at&t) as the problem. stop trying to make everything apple's fault! :)
thanks you :)
u 2 make a cute couple. :-)
pleaseee follow meee!! proud to be ur fan! :) <333
:)
one of my fav things to do is.... looking at picss :) you're hot
q:hey(: a:hello :)
thanks booooo : ) its my birthday bitcheszzzzzzzz happy bdayyyyyy
doing it to yourself hun l0l its a wonderful feeling isn't it =)
pleaseee follow meee!! proud to be ur fan! :) <33
the vids not out yet :)
come in before i shoot myself =)
lol im sorry i dont want to be mean but you beter be good :)
morning ppl :)
not glorious if it's "channel", dear. all you need is love but a channel bag is a glorious substitute :)
awsome :) i love you earl. & your sexy icon too!
sure! c u tmrw the office :) just finished 's book.. now the first step: know your passion.. care to join? :)
yw , and ty you for the responds =)
if you get public assistance you are not independent! you iz a damned lie is what you are :)
i think we should get to be the first mate :)
pleaseee follow meee!! proud to be ur fan! :) <3
going to bed early monsters ! take care :d #monsterlove #bubbledreams
well thank you :)
he's also in the good hair club. :)
don't forget, we're the bizarro xbox podcast, it doesn't even get a mention. :d -fro
vote for my friends in this battle they gave won 6 days straight! :)
never realised that one tweet could get 5 #wdwmoms to follow me? my face it turning red! :) they are an amazing group those ladies (and men)
ok< why am i still up??!!! gonna step away from the laptop...goodknight all!! sweet donniedreams :)
#random in chris brown say something, that crowd that says "yeahhh" was the crowd from newyork. the show i went to <3 :d
retweet if you download all music =)
5 more listings before hitting my first 100!! :)
of courseee i did :) .. did u miss me ? lol
shoutie for shoutiee? :)
makasih ca :) tweets 8888 for hihi ☺
we've found a few of them. i think the ones we're missing are down on the tct, to the n of the park. will have the gps in case :)
hey!! :) ur awesome! :)
haha you said i love you to freddy liek twice on aim. youre so silly :) hes my boyfriend but we can have a threesome obbyy :p ily
things have been kinda tuff...haven't had much time for ye land o'twitter hope you've been well :)
awww we love you toooo! ♥ :)
wasn't invited :( hik hik shoulda come to the island with me :)
i fuckin loveee mine :d i also have a shirt!
not yet :d and yes, the sun is up. well, actually it's cloudy, but it's past dawn :d
sounds great...can't wait for x-mas :) i'll put them in the mail 2morrow :)
that's good. what did you do today? anything fun? :)
i have a good friend (@lissaann) who's been trying to get me hooked on it. i have the first few seasons to watch too... :)
so much fun and laughter with you today, a day well spent and cherished...loves! :)
today is my pa's bday ♥ .. anndd also my neighbor 's bdayyy.. have a super duper dupeeer one!.. cihuuyyy :)
hhhaha i hate twitter drama is so stupid! lol btw your welcome :)
haha yeahh :)
i need 3 more followers. helpp please.!! i'll return the fave! :) #jonasbrothers
:) <3
thanks!! *takes the half cookie* :-)
yeaaaah! thats the best reason lmaao :d
okai okaii enuff . finllyy off oovoo . ;; qettiin ready for bedd =)
um, it's late ._. so i'm gonna finish this movie and then sleep. goodnight :)
~ funnily enough, you could quite possibly find a link to an apposite site on my profile page :) (via
two people wanting a #zope / #plone ski/sprint in poland wasn't exactly overwhelming response. :) we'll see.
out of 140 twitter characters, my favorite is u. : ) i
pretty good i went to see the perfect game :) hburs?
nice to hear your doing good. :)
#shoutout to my close friends that i've had for 13+ years...u guys mean the world to me :)
kisfm dr 96 udah muterin rock tiap sabtu-minggu 24 jam. tp sejak 2000an cuma hari sabtu doang sampe jam 2 pagi :)
always, my bowels demand it : )
every week you go home right? like darshan, jayan & bijesh :-)
welcomes . thankssss lol :-)
would you guys mind signing this it'd mean so much :)
<<< follow now !! i know youu wannt to :d <-follow :)
in mildura visiting family and friends. the weather is the warmest easter weather i can remember. awesome :d
if you want me to follow you!! :)
morning mark : )
see. that's y i like u. not only r u smart..ur timely. :-) i miss ur light (cont)
please follow me<33 can i be your 396th follower??? :d i helped make #jasminator a tt last time!! i love you! #jasminator
your hubby played amazing, i think he deserves the good love :) hahaha
:)
thank you so much dude :)
send me some jellies yaara me wants :)
i liked it!! corny at 1 part...but the rest was good!! :)
followed :d and thanks
this took awhile :) bbc2 i haven't played yet, but i am planning on eventully getting it. mag is super fun and i really enjoy it
it's cool i like to pour out a little liquor for mah dead babies i leave behind, similar no? :d
hey cheeky, do u remember this pic? :)
you are welcome :) have a wonderful easter weekend!
follow me please :)
going to bed night! i love all of you! :)
rindo demais com as musicas fail no chat do :)
get one! :d
wow this cleaning up who you follow thing is pretty cool...glad i decided 2 do it as well...nice :)
oh sean can you send me a dm please? :d i love eenie meenie :d
thank you madame :)
my boyfriend and i are so cute it makes me sick. or just really, really happy. :)
ok :) followed
too much vodka sweetie? :d
folllow me?? :)
thanx 4 the comment on fb :)
hey :) what's up?
ah, no i didn't lol. thank you! :)
i'm waiting for at least 3 days in a row of high 20s to low 30s. :)
unfollow :)
just did my nails :)
if you love school gyrls :)
