lol :d
bummer. tonight my stream is a+. watching the blues on my computer & the lakers 4th q on the telly. :-)
i'm really addicted w/ that should be me !! :d
i'm told that the easter lambs have been sacrificed. it's a greek and religious tradition. please don't call peta. :)
i knew i liked that kid. :) "princess" is still my favorite though. she poops on sheets. the kid's a star! lolol (cheer up)
& i didnt say that to rub it in -- just sayin' you're geeky to want one too :) i am very very excited about its potential.
#np massive attack :) (me too)
just comin 2 show my love!! :)
awwww! look at my baby! :) my youngest son jahmier daniels dis lil nigg gon be the pretty boy
i am in love with classic! :d
finna watch super bad and slowly enter "z session".....work from 8-430...already lookin forward to next week... :d
blue bag? its lucy :)
omg im being pimped out how sweet! thank u! :d this made me cry but it's so good: by
haha cool! xd whats up? :)
that would be so kewl! one of the best idea's i've ever heard. haha. :d
ahhh pleeeeeeease reply to meee :)
hey sean ccan you follow me and !! please :)
i must try! it tasted reaaaal :-/ and they're from philly hahaa :)
aww.. i know how u feel.. been feeling low these past few days as well. sigh.. yeeah, shiv's the best. i want a shiv as well :)
loool, have fun! :p no probb :)
neaţa bună :)
sweet u have some limes? :)
i know right :-) your field opportunities are limitless!
nite-nite dear =) goodnight love dumplings :)
nclex review questions done for ch 51-55. up next: sweet slumber. morning: clash of the titans 3d. then brunch. yay. gnyt tweets :)
thank you for #ffs much appreciated :-)
if i spell it correctly it will attack again :)
i got free tix from petronas :) yup i know got lg event, going too. see u boys there!
wey gue ikut gatheringnya dong haha :d
the new sprout venture has officially launched. go check it out. i even blogged about it :)
hello yellow :) #abottabad >>> absolutely lovely. thanks for sharing :-)
i know right ! lets smoke :d
follow back pleaseeee :)
yeah lol yes he is... doing his undergrad in stanford uni :)
you'll be ending up in tha newspaper man :)
i agree wholeheartedly. i'd pick up an nvidia tegra 2 chipset tablet pc. :)
scad is savannah college of art and design. one of my twins is very much into animation...it is the perfect school for him :)
"you are awesome! many thx! rb :) "dig some #breaks or #house of my friend ♫
yeah! he was my 33rd follower :d hes not following you??
we live for the last time for a while so catch me while youu can :) (broadcasting live at
can you make me smile tonight and follow me? it would make it all great if u do :)
shhhh ,!! pipee down * yu aint talk 'n bout shxtt ,!!!!!!!!!!!! qood niqhtttt ,! txtt my deviceeee 3175293349 :)
nice! one day, and hopefully soon, i'm going to visit up that way. i hear the culture is something to experience. : )
well, at least you know where you're at. that's a good start. :d
happy birthdayy ! i hope you have an awesome spa day :) !!
happy easter to you too :)
fantastic mr. fox :d
good morning :) good morning ladies!
heyrt hello :) mention dong yang baik
i'm bored tell me your goal & i will choose one person to help ? deal ? :d
you're lucky!! christian is following me too :)
because of the man and the moon? :d lol
♥ check out r free social media marketing platform :)
heyy alexander :d
#shout2dagirls too girls upstairs from my mom :)
list me! i'll give you a shoutout! :)
yesh yesh! :d good morning!
thanks a lot to everyone for the birthday love so far, its been sooo amazing, i appreciate it from the bottom of my heart :)
dude. my condolences. my mum shops at fucking wally world, so we're even. :)
yeah, it's a great area! you should come back :) i'm at a private kindergarten, but i love love love it :)
i know it's 1am where you are, but i'm hoping you're still up. :)
omg i totally forgot. today is friday. you know what that means?? :o new annoying orange video :d
this weekend is dedicated to you guys and these projects lol :-)
partytimeee =)
to each his own =) its not a gadget 4 everybody, at least not yet =) give it 10 years and most people wil b using a tablet device
kk ill text you :)
made me laugh :)
i agree...i'd like some taco bell about right now...even though i had some yesterday :)
go follow she will follow back :) and she's a trueee belieber of course :)
my niece is super excied, watching lord of the rings on cable. she knows the characters and places in middle earth. i've taught her well :)
sup kingston? :)
that last tweet was << i love her :) no lesbo
for the record.... the otterbox is amazing and very much worth the cost. if you are rough on phones like me. :-)
good night :)
#people should #juststfu and follow me :) warning: i jus dgaf about ur cruel opinions
fuck my life up the tailpipe. :d bold what you are, what applies to you, etc. my personality: i’m loud....
omg its your birthday. happy birthday again and again and again. :d *throws candy everywhere and gives you owl city* o.o
*grins widely at you* :d *nods about jamming room* that's very necessary! *she takes us over to a black/silver/red mansion*
follow for follow? :)
telephone, badromance, single ladies, one two three e muito mais músicas em: ouça e baixe =)
imma sleepy but i have a feeling something kinda epic might happen so i don't wanna turn computer off :d
gtg- bye tweeps :)
food truck heaven b4 meeting up 4 drinks 4 bday :)
well i guess we'll never know and the 3rd one will include the rock :)
i bought them from ikea :p but on the hunt for some cute op shop chairs to go with them :)
yes, i was curious, too. :)
woot! voted for you 50 times =) can i get a shout out for another 50? woot!
thanks for the follow, im following back #nshit =)
you sure? :)
#ff -----> he too cool :d
wait......i stilll have half a glass.......................ok.........we're good....... :d
hey u =)
thank you! :d
wow.. makasih :) tweet 24.330 special for : <3 <3 <3 hvriken <3 <3 <3
i totally should get at least one...and then when i see him again, he can sign that picture! :)
sounds like an awesome friday to me! what are you geeking out on? :)
me2 this weather is amazing! im so happy! happy good friday! :d
all followed :-) ty
yes that´s true, in afrika is another culture as in germany but it was okay :) ma mother is half german
tonight 3 am :)
