happy bday!!!!!! wat we gone do???? « thanks :) & idk i wanna see you boys later on ! we'll figure somethin out
you too special for those losers. :-)
i'm still up cause its 2:06 pm where i live in :d can't sleep .. who's up still?
varsity was poppin!!!! :)
thanks for your responses keep em coming! :) glad to hear im not the only one who hasnt recovered from that heartbreaking ending..
nothin jus felt like botherin you! lol :)
i know you're new just tryna help :)
lmfao ahaha ;d and yuuup (: it was the best <3 :d
yeah. next week i'm off for a whole week, tho. :)
i love my dog :) well both of them of course <3
well since i'm sitting on a hotel, me i suppose :) haha you??
mahal ka din namin haha pls reply in tagalog haha i'm a jasminator from philippines :d
i'm too mad i have to work when my hubby is gonna be here... wait i'm quittin cuz mommu comes intown to spoil me monday :)
youur doing well with followers :) <3
salah term? tergantung sapa yg baca. krn authornya org amrik maka dia nyebut socce :d
what do you want to eat? :-)
i am :) and no! i don't think your a stalker...lol
wow. this is amazing. thank you :)
thnx ^_^
dindaa thank u.disampaikan tentunya.thanks ya din :)
sorry tonight was a shitshow. thanks for saving my life :)
rt i am seriously biting my tongue.
for the allergies? try diprosalic :)
lmfaoo! i had popeyes a few days ago, i hope you dont mind that i ate a few of your cousins :)
lol ohhkayy. we'll see about tht. ahah :)
im in the uk. it is 8am here :d xxx #jasminators
:d :o......... exorcist says satan is behind media 'attacks' on the pope [666]
follow me ? please! :) !!
thanks boo! :) celebrating!! haha congrats again! -->
=) i'm quite excited, it's the first time i've had a getogether at my place in about 5 years!
will check it out later!!! thanks. :)
friend of mine is working on something he's calling "nobcam". not sure what to expect :)
thank you so much for the #ff, :)
nice seeing :)
by my calendar, i'm free until march 8 (i think) :-)
#gemini has the best sex eva!! nothing like it thus far! :-)
hahaha okay :d kita bikin the stories gitu and share it di bb group. nadya made the group namanya melthingies trus kita bikin2.
thanks for all the birthday wishes! :)
say hello to indonesia! it's 2.06 pm here! :)
follow me ? please! :) :)
off work..! :)
she's bad af ---> <--- & she's w one of #thegogettas so follow! :)
i know. :d it totally was. i'm at my friend's house too. and she's asleep. hehe. :d i'm a bad girl. but, keep trying! :d
bowling... =)
i've changed my mind entirely. i'm going to watch 'fried green tomatoes' instead. :) i highly recommend it
hope you're not too far back in the queue? and a hot cup of coffee would do wonders right about now! :)
yummy yummy / in my tummy (quoting bianca here) :-)
gday from the land down under rosemarie! :)
i'm doing good, been mostly sitting and tweeting today, having a good time :)
#shoutout2dagirlz who love darkskin men :-)
hi jasmine :) can you please follow me? it would be a dream come true if you followed me :)
awww, even i knew about it!! happy birthday!! *throws confetti & fireworks go off in the sky* surprise :)
rt: :) < what!
i went to eat the place was awesome their was like 30 tv's in their their was music videows on them "baby" by came on :)
haha awww thankyou luv ♡ and yes i have a ghd, but i use a curler for my curls :)
#ff :)
yeah good thanks :) and yourself?
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh<3 i am so fuckin excited :d i don't think ill sleep now xp<33
sounds fun, prettu traditional :-) im finishing my suitcase and trying to digest yday stew... should leap off at noon :d
hey i swear its like #capricorn is the best damn sign, lol (= <co sign :)
currently listening to serious :) hope your doing well jasmine. happy early easter :)
#stayfaded :)
rt: los angeles here i come ♥♥♥ <- can't wait til i get to say this .. ! =)
thanks, brother. finally moved it over to the site w my namesake. pretty excited... now... about that advent... :d
when being a smart ass gones wrong ----▶rt u should watch it them :) (sorry)
the more we get, the more stuff we can probably put out :)
black and white affair! " saturday april 3rd, 2010. located the castle! in riversideee tomorrow :) with
oh dear. supposed to be cleaning my room. it's going no where. i just keep dancing #imcoollikethat :d
i feel that level of devotion, yo. :-) xxx
tell tay i said hi! swift dreams :)
eating toast :d
i wish i was on something. :-)
super difficult but u did it! :d now u can do anything! :d
both :) my last term at college ufff & working like crazy heehe u?
follow me pleeease :d
sure no problem :d
:-) u b careful. im glad to know that you know when to say when :-)
hi :) aajkal game khel khel k pagal ho gaya hoon.. how are you.. and your guys at ramgarh?
oh, seria genial! mi msn es missfenriz(st)gmail(dot)com :d
you think it was because of me? i'd like to pretend. : ) nice job.
well thats good :)
yup, they say it will air on may 2 :)
lol word trying 2 give up coca-cola but having withdrawals. must b the trace amounts of cocaine (ie natural flavors) :)
i like your twitcon :)
follow me ? please! :)
followed :d
you ought to have a role reversal day :)
no im not i need 10 more ! ok :)
good morning, i hope you're warm and toasty in the camper :)
da way im feelin and how drunk i am i cud def eat sum pussy =)
thanks for all the suggestions! my family will pour over the details until sunday~ :d
yes, it came out of musicians heads and not their computer daw's :-)
good enough :d then i get to grind on mitchell.
yayy <333 =* awww; is my new favoritee :) lols
gimmee that beckkkyyyyyyyyyyy :)
deposited my girl to her grandparents (transylvania) for easter holiday then got back to bucharest. nice (but long) drive :)
o ok i see hw it is...lol..im doin to bed anyway :)
ha, it may. i've been told it's a bit different than the original. but i bet you'll want a pegasus after seeing it. :)
hey:)) what's up ? :d
thanks no need to comp and you are in chicago i think, i am in nyc :)
i chew on her feet and razzberry her belly all the time. and i'm hardly ever drunk :d
get it get it. ^_^
heyyyy sexy :)
better have an image stabiliser!!! friend of mine is working on something he's calling "nobcam". not sure what to expect :)
it's 3:07 in ny =)
do you love all your fans ? :) and can you please follow me!
i gotta go to sleep. i've officially been up for 20 hours now. nite all, thanks for the birthday wishes. :)
lol i love it when ur evil. u sound like me :) bwahaha!
your so gorgeous :)
smoootthhh....., loving this saturday :) :) :)
i thought you were going to sleep? x) we should get #truejasminators trending ! :d ill help (:
word? lol why didn't you speak?? i saw u today :-)
thanks so much :)
i think i got you there ? lol, your followers is at 8,169 :)
im from australia. yup, its still daytime. its 6pm. what time is it where your from? :)
do you love all your fans ? :) and can you please follow me!?
nemo's on deck ! : )
yes he/ she does. the term is "tweetaholic." :-) but have some way to go before i get there.
:) i take it a young family member has got you up early too? :)
6 more list?, pleease :d <3
i don't need to be the best to deserve the best :)
it was so nice talking to you about wrestling :) in the words of kenta: i'm about to go2sleep haha talk to you tomorrow :)
lmfaooooooo ^_^ keep ot going ur tweets off the hook
i senttt you a message on youtube <3 you should loook at it ! :d
hello there #trancefamily member! cheers to you from this little piece of map haha :) #asot
this easter, don't buy a bunny adopt one from a shelter! check out www.bunnyluv. org for more info. :)
i'm from hong kong and i'm half chinese/filipina :) are you proud to have a fan coming from hk? :)
if we get accepted. it's health care, mission critical apps on vmware, srm, a vexpert guy from pella, iowa. we'll see. :)
we're talkin about a vid by stephan lynch..i posted it on gacninjas if u wanna see..or i can send ya a link!! :d
some of the best ipad apps right now. :)
i love how people get so frothed up and angry over something which is essentially opt-in, free and barely publicised :)
your a crepper.... and you know it.... and also... my place, 7 o'clock..... sound good? ahahah :) <33333
my timeline is more dead than its ever been lol.. goodnight <3 text the celly if you have the # :) xoxo
happppyyyy birthdayyy!! have a good day, ly!! :) x
germany, 9 am :)
you got that right! :) up and aliiiiive! :d
tomorrow morning :)
sure youve heard this plenty of times but uh your twitter name is comedy :)
are you still on chatroulette? :)
but like i said..ima #juststfu =)
:) i <3 makeup & was an art student. aside from the visual proof, my brain goes purp/yellow red/green are complimentary :)
currently listening to serious :) hope your doing well jasmine. happy early easter :)
absolutely..!! cu guyz..! ;d yes! u comin? sore ini perform di pvj bandung (fossil) ? =)
you alright now? :) feels bad:/ she wants to talk it out, so let her & get this thing over with. :)
and i read it as "verse" instead of "vers"/version. duh. sorry. i get it now. :)
that is a one awesome coolness gift! :d
awww i luv right back ! =)
thanks nad. party aftr recovery pastinya :) happy birthday uncle
im from south africa and it 9:05 am!! :)
big asian booty update:::: *16*!!!!! :)
sounds good :)
thank you :)
had a 1st date on easter sun. he gave me a basket filled w/ beer & easter goodies. we fell in love. what can i say, he had me at heineken =)
i love mistral kitchen! great ambiance. btw, hope your sxsw trip was good :)
alright going to go watch a movie now! goodnight :)
q:how many ppl hav u slept with? a:one person :)
im tryna shake it up tomorrow ! < you alreaddddy know i am well hopefully. lol :) im tryna fugg shitupp. lol
#nowplaying somebody's me :d
good morning :)
followed :) yes :)
i'm good chica...hangin' in there. :) you?
lax smells like a hockey arena... i kinda like that. :) whereare you traveling ben?
u made our day :) thanks.
aw thanks babe! :)
iya sayaaang.youre welcome :d:d hihi iyaaa seru yahyah jadi kangeeeeen.ciye yg sweetseventeen :d
i hope you know cpr, because you take my breath away. :) lol goodnight.
ill call :d lol
shall we :) let's goooo supreme pizza ! how about meat lovers??????
shyheim pain | watch hip hop music videos & new rap videos | hiphopdx :)
had a nice yet long day.. fone then sleep! goodnight =)
hahahaha wow :) and do whatever you think is right
#wetdreamsaboutchris :-)
yay you!!! frm is fun. and you do so well at it! :d
thx brad.. :) goodluck for tonight!!!! joshgrunge: intervieeeewww.... banduuuuuunnnggg....
yep its me :) but pretend u r one of my mates from school cuz twitter is a secret to my parents :) x
#shoutout2dagirlz who love darkskin men :-)
we are good :) thank god
goodnight :)
its saturday in england! and its my birthdaay :d xxx
we don't want to be the person our family wants to beat up after the game :)
lol u bet not call sandra ! i'm call'n sandra by my boo =)
2 new vids in 8 hours!!!!! :d
ndy thank u :)
rtpasteeeenyaaaa..wkwkwkkw mancing keributan :)
cama dooonnggg :) breathe in frou frou #nowplaying
just saw my video with usher on 106 & park for the first time! =)
i wish they all lived here my life would be entirely complete if i had more gay friends :d lol no seriously. i love them
follow me ? please! :) :) :)
good thanks :) what about yourself this fine easter-ish saturday?
ya... even i find her cute! shez wrkng in orange now, so inka telugu lo settle aipoddi :d btw, on tv or dvd?
harry and david gummi moose $2.25 a bag store in medford or :) gummy bears for $1.28lb can't be beat. hehe
i'm a fan of "it was a very good year" a little poignant but a classic none the less :)
retweet if u're a fan of !!! haha :d
musical chairs... i dnt think im gonna play that but im waitin for dodgeball though :)
wohooooo noticed awesome :)
hahahaha yeahh and i need to talk to u .. i needa ask u something.. later when im on my laptop :)
a little sneak preview of interior :) we're doing trials now & will open very soon!
yes! it looks so cool :) you should watch.
all rite night luv dont let the bed buugz bite =)
thank you ! :)
great show, fun time, time for bed. tomorrow, happy ipad day :)
