omw home =) i have a headache wby?
k. sounds good. :)
yea :) haha i want one!
just figured thats a problem since you are 13 :)
24th april is my (partial) independence day n sachin's happy new year. i'll dance all day n night long after that. :d
nice idea, but currently we don't have the time, we want to focus on moneybook. :)
riverwalk at night is sooo awesome :) hmmm... there's a lot of places, it all really depends on what vibe you want.
#whatilook4inaguy he has to be funny. i love funny guys. <3 :)
call or text for ur shouts 800 223 9798/75759 ..hot97.com download the app 4ur blackberry or ipon listen anywhere :)
ok then thank you i'll talk to u another time. goodnight :)
followed :)
no prob thanks :d
i couldnt find any! :)
green apple now and laters =)
you're welcome :)
i have to gloat on the rare chance i get. #hhrs --> you haven't talked to your big bro then... :-)
yes you do!! so much fun :)
fri night. in studio in vegas. no sense of time! 20 kids in suite next door. never did vegas like this! :)
do you reply to dms? :)
because ima well rounded person honestly, i have alter egos :) lol rt: lol how come you the bestest?
do you pleas wanna follow ? (: i'll give u a shoutie :d
just watched the end of the sun rise from a place with a view of the whole town :d actually quite niceeeeeee
bought the new glamour magazine with on the cover :-)
this week and next week! :d
my paddock boy just brought me a glass of champagne with a strawberry on the side! :d
#shoutout2dagirls that always have my name in their mouths!!! thanks girls! it makes me feel special :)
im watchin your vids. ugh :) youre very amazing, i love watching them over and over again not gonna lie
thats all that matters hunn :)
*hugs* goodnight sam. i promise to keep bugging you. we still have details to finalize. get your rest. =)
i'm listening to you read scl. i don't even know where to begin. you, my friend, should be my friend. ^_^
you know it! :)
hahaha yeahh, i hope she does too! lol :) i'm glad your sis had fun asking people!!!! say thanks to her for me! :)
lmaoo riiiight shut yo as up; u aint know shit about me so nice try =) mwuuuahs keep it movin
follow me sean :)
belum, insyaallah minggu depan :) rt: the sun udah lepas di toko toko kan ya?
you are getting too emotionally involved with this game :)
i reported the niley hater or whatever bitch :) she was disrespecting you and niley !.. i couldn't take it :o
loll! its fine i really dont care im just saying :) haha.
follow >>> <<< :)
i needed it yesterday. let's see how today goes. :)
please help me :) god bless you!
you are not a boring loser. you are just living in the wrong place! :d
are you ready, tweamer? let's play the game, daydreamer :)
are you ready, tweamer? let's play the game, daydreamer :)
#retweetthis if you want some bomb head from someone now.. this goes for both male and female :)
singing "let's get it on". uhm... kay. #soggybitches4alexlambert gives us a shoutout dammit. :d
yes :)
you are greatness. hopefully one day we can take a pic =)
owwwww ahhhh bout 2 go 2 my homegirls cuzzos crib! hot-tub baybie! lol this should be fun :-)
make me win hugo boss sunglasses pls? then go here, & "like" the pic.u need to 1st become a fan of brandmille. thx :)
now i'm watchin a movie & burnin discs, always multitasking. #muchlove to everyone on my timeline, thanks 4 the #ff's, tweet at u later. :)
lmao its fine :d no hard feelings .
follow :d please
favorite part about my life? the fact that i get to live it :)
seriously , youve got to say , heyy or i love you to me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lmfao :)
hey follow me ?? would love us to be friends lol :) follow me jv :)
lol yeah its ok tho cause i got paid today :)
i draw. would u like to see a couple pics that i've done?? =) they're niiice =)
wanna do shout for shout again like yesterday :)
good. how are you dear? :)
heyyy girl heyyy !! sorry to bother you again lol but you got a icyyy pic of me in your phone :) hook that up for mee ? ha love yaa
i found a new use for my aol acct! w00t! :) is live an invite only ;) #sorta #kinda
dm until you follow me :)
good luck with your season, girl! :)
my ipad shipment info has just updated, out of shenzen, into lousville. amazing logistics, should watch the 1st 10min of castaway again :)
im like the most bornin follower to have.lol but thanxx for all of yu that follow me tho. :) (i cant be tht bad) lol
i'm soooo glad my old mom doesn't play computers :)
certainly not :) totally pretending!
are you able to pick up a phone? :d
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
<---follow them <333 :d
f*#k yeah! smoothie time! :) late night snacking time?
lol i wanna mom :d can i? bahahah
i said good luck before :)
thanks :)
ha. i forgot how awesomely insane the weather is here. :) and that few know how to drive in the snow.
yeah right is gonna pop in and say i love ya snooki :)
hey! :)
lol, i really that i was, then you cameback i was like wow. star really doesn't compare. :)
pleases follow me, your amazing :) !!
hahaha! you are crazy about poupee girl! :))) i look for new an apartment. i plan to move. :)
'i love nicki and nicki loves me, and she can sign my tig-o-bitties' lmao < mines too widt thaa pink sharpie :)
note to self/// do not answer dms while doing ab routine.... :)
cuffin season is officially over. next up! either you argue a bit more or you're uber lovey dovey. come summer.... it's over. good luck :)
ee eh weh yuh come from .. coming like you fell from de sky ... wa gwan :)
#retweetthis if you want some bomb head from someone now.. this goes for both male and female :)
on the way from the movies with ......i l o v e clash of the titans!!!!! =) goodnight!
hi :) what do u mean? btw i'm malaysian girl. lol! or what do u mean?
i'm 6'3 << short { i'm 5'0 =)
that always happens. what ends up on the page never looks like what's in your head. but that is not a reason not to write :)
lol! i moved 23rd march last year, bit earlier and then winter hit! at least the winters are warmer than guatengs :)
love yu too :)
#midnightsnack: hotwings & fries... and red kool-aid! haha! :)
:) thank you....thats just me and wifey in the icon
ahahahah yepp :) :)
yessiree bob #retweetthis if you want some bomb head from someone now.. this goes for both male and female :)
i would totally take you of i had a car. :)
late night chats are always nice =)
#retweetthis if you want some bomb head from someone now.. this goes for both male and female :)
hahaha i trust you babes :)
