wunderlich & the shadows: night in white satin || night all! :) ♫
love it! :)
oh... that'd be great!!!!! :d yes i'd love to help u!!! :d
hey alex. :) can you please sing me something? i love you and your voice so much. -danielle. <3 #iicdhouse
recap: in houston with some of the dance fam. nice hotel room. havin margaritas and food. workshop tomorrow, ready to dance :)
yup and jelly shoes lol i had all the colors :)
good :) sent you an email about mon. i am up for it if that's ok. read it over & let me know what you think. now i have to
oh yeah :) watching the movie now... side'il jack 'n coke... "this is life" :)
xoxox love to you honey :)
heheh thanks but i'm not driving :d
i am sure it would be possible to run you under wine. might have to manually import your dependencies, but it'll work =)
good morning and thanks and for the mentions and #ff :)
dude i had nothing to do with it that is all on hd :-)
i think i'mma sleep. night beliebers :) sleep tight & dont let the non-beliebers bitee ;d
ohhh yeah. we have a big post with lots of video being posted tonight :)
enjoy life. there's plenty of time to be dead:) inspired by my big bro :)
yes ma'am can i order your merch from the uk? :)
oh i love adam more, but jason was my first :)
happy bday mommy :)
<3 cuddle with me :)
can make me smile :)
ah, i understand now. you can definitely buy one even if you didn't reserve ahead of time. until they run out, of course. :)
the best thing about being a grown up is the ability to walk around your house in your underwear and not care :) goodnight twitter friends
told u! haha ;) she's pretty hot! :) at aqua lounge, just met tear it up mama!
hurry and come out :) these people are scaring us :/
hey cassidy any chance u can help get to 1000 followers plz he is only 14 off! :d
i refuse 2 play... "i gotta feeling". pls retweet if u agree. :)
lol... really! tell me sumthing else u like *sexybedroomvoice* lmao don't mind me i am bored! :d
prince out, yo! =)
thanks for the rt. :)
psshhhh. no such thing. go join the party. =)
u a cancerr too :) when ya bday?
#tedxmumbai at the far end of the first break, i met lakshmi pratury of #ted, and thanked her for bringing ted to india :)
which store, you can dm if you would rather not say in public :)
how many times have u been asked if you're related to :d
kk :)
ohh thats so cool! always wanted to go there :)
morning, one chick hatched last night & is all fluffy 2 more are pipping. i'm hoping to pop them all under my silkie broody : )
can make me smile :)
can you dm me please :d i wont tell anyone
printing out all of my amazing gaga photos! :)
ok you totally win. aaahhhh!!! :) thanks....
thanks boo ; follow him also & promote #teamtbreezy =) rt: s/o to my followers follow her
have 'em all :)
mmmm smirnoff :)
i want to talk to tonight !!! <<-- dont we all,wanna tlk to her everyday :)
oh snap! yippee! :) #ff future #thebranch prospect and the beautiful
oh ok, good good :)
.@lurielx yes, poetic...cause i said so! :) huuggggs and beams of suunshine to you, dear friend!!
oh oh... i got home around 11pm, on a friday! see, i can be good. :d (cough) when i want to be. (cough)
abis lunch burung goreng ruak-ruak n puyuh with my ciput :)
passport control guy knew who i was =)
the world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.” ralph waldo emerson (via * i dug this one :)
will get good today! :)
:) i'm havin a nicki overload! go on my profile and i posted lots of my fav pics of nicki!
me please :) who wants a shoutout? :)
lol! so true, right :d #zodiacfacts #virgo doesn’t like to lose control of any situation
q:your cute a:thanxx :)
i love ur background! it makes me smile :)
yayayaya ! :d so fun thanks for letting me co-own !
lol simply kaheen coding nahi hoti :p thats it :)
also doctor who tonight!!! predictive text put doctor win on my phone. i agree with you, phone. :)
and please explain who's who in your fam--i'm confused. is c.a.w. your mom?? :)
:d i you b/c i knew you wouldn't want to miss out! those guys were battling over biggest fan-it was cute/sweet/awesome
q:im too nervous and scared to let you know... a:just tell me :) you know you want toooooo..
omg what a girl wants is on ! yesss :d
hey, thanks! :) miss you! xoxoxoxo-
he's like a big teddy bear in real life tho if u couldnt tell :) he's that sweet!
i haven't actually heard a lot by them, but whatever songs i have heard, i've liked them :)
:) thanks again. i appreciate it.
of course :)
going to housee :) im here right now:)
nah. i'm in it for the sarcasm. the patients are just filler. :)
about to walk in the club 411 rite now :) lookin sexy<---make sure u post a pic. lol
indeed :)
please dm me :) <33
ahahhahaa yeeeeeep..... i love that. ~ belieber sistah 4 ever! ahaha :) yay!! ahaha wooohoooo! <33
awwwh and u gon stay up!!! =) ooh ima txt yo ass until u fall asleep..lol
can 5 amazing people follow please :d
shoutout for shoutout ?? 7 more :d
i have a long weekend ahead of me! goodnight world! :)
can't wait to get back up north. got some things waiting for me :)
i take it you're planning on going lol should be fun! have to work late that night... might have to move appts around! :)
remember me is an awesome movie =)
okay guys its 2:25 am , i gotta go to bed now ; surraya :)
: thanks so much :)
i'm still down for our plan to sneak to rachel mcadams' house w/ and stalk her. good times at sherlock holmes :)
got my food paid for at village inn. thanks, friends :)
if you like one of them, i 'll send them to ya: :-)
elite ladies & umbrella boys got the left side-a vip lookin sexy... :) every1 on this side cute lol
heading to fb now but li will have to wait till i have had some sleep. :d
i have not tweeted in so long, i think i have forgot how. :)
can't sleep..so following up on tweets :-)
hope u have a safe trip!!! :)
i'm hungry |: xd the only thing i have here is.. chocolate :d and icecream xd.. i'll combine both = hyperness for sure! :dd
:d i put you in my listt. x)
hahaha, no. i just don't know what you are talking about. :)
follow me back please? :)
aaah i need my permit like right now !! i need an excuse to go see me hunnie , he's gonna teach me how to drive :)
lmfao i dont wanna cuss... just in case my mom hears and i get my ass kicks :) (@jdandjbteam live on
lol has the best stories hands down | lol thanks =)
had an awesome time with tonight. :) kicked butt!
silly brian waking up late.. i woke up late too ;a; so tired yesterday haha.. hwaiting, brian! :d gbu~
thanks all for all your lovely #ff, really appreciated :) morning all, happy easter saturday :)
thanks! glad you like :) 20 creative business cards these guys have their act together
if the shoe fits :) cc:
fuck your life #thatisall :) :) :) #thatisall !!!
your wife rocks :-) #ipad_support
---random questions :) go watch if your bored or curious lol
i am august 28, 2009 old! :d
lol pero u likedid it!! :)
i have my moments my dear :d
hi! nope. just changed it back after #af's dp : )
this new pic makes you look like a million bucks :)
not that you will read this, but are playing in east ridge, tn on the 6th april! you should come down :)
if wayne wasnt in jail he'd make #libra a trending topic :)
what cha waiting on :)
hey sweets :)
heh, oh yaa deketlaaah, hehe :d itu pertanyaan to. gatau -,-
-justt got to thee besties housee; hadd a good dayy & atee thee bestt pizza =) .
awwwe :) you're very welcome! :) and thank you!!!
gettin a bottle of water then layin down :-)
:) girrrrrl i dont hav etime to wait for approval!«lol, i feel ya!
oh hey jack im tiffany lol,twitt pic a pic of u lol im 14 ahah thats mee :)
cuz its hard (x i liked preciousbieber7 (: how did the movies go? :d
not a one. proposition? :) vi@djbloggyblog: "who loves the sweet more than us ?" ♫
all i need is one more follower and that'll make 200.. that'll just make my day and happy that i achieved my goal.. ^_^
your mom is there? how nice for you and the girls :)
and 10x the population of the kansas town i grew up in :-)
and oh yeah! wordpress 3 beta (with the twenty ten theme) are out now. test and enjoy. :)
that's good. i live in australia. :d
i'm at the roxy justin =d where you at tonight? kill it at paid dues tomorrow sir =)
hubby off to play golf with a 7.54 tee time. unfortunatley he was still in bed at 7.17 oops! never seen him move so fast :)
hey alex. :) can you please sing me something? i love you and your voice so much. -danielle. <33 #iicdhouse
moonalice "somebody to love" cc: ♫ ~ awesome!!!! :-)
if you have questions about twitter, don't be afraid to ask tweeps. that's the beauty of it! :-) g'night, lisa!
nite hun. :)
thank you rahaditya :-)
i can only imagine! :d i guess my choir trip did go to cedar point 2 years old.. i'm obsessed w. amusement parks!
i've created a new workflow :d i should blog it as 140 char won't cut it. delicious is for ideas & instapaper is for "tl;dr"
#shoutout2dagirlz on the #westcoast. i'm feeling the love. "...wish they all could be #californiagirls." ;) *duhhh :)
oh gosh, can't believe it. i'm back in bintulu again. :) maybe i shd update my fb, see how many high school frens are still around.
you will see all the pics on the website don't trip :)
i love when plans change. heading out :)
lol yea :)
yeaa hope will refollow me soon :) and i have no idea why did he unfollow me, i didnt even tweet h
of course you may emma we await your correspondence :) lol
thnx 4 including me. havent written any 4 quite some time :) rt: poetic delights
download skitch it lets you at least crop. =)
lol -- definitely not worn out by visitors. i think i was worn out before said visitors even got here! :-)
check out this gorgeous show & namaste :)
i've done it many times. come over and we can shop! wait, that sounds so wrong. :)
lol i agree but only with #lakers games =)
i really wish would dm me that would be the topping to my night :d perfect.
you kidding? it's a nuthouse... :-)
follow me please? :)
huh! hadn't even looked at those, will check them out. thanks. :)
hahah yeppp! :) i deleted the random spammers.
fri night. in studio in vegas. no sense of time! 20 kids in suite next door. never did vegas like this! :)
before u get off, please follow me :)
woohoooo! thank you so much dad for the gift! love ya :d hihi
driving scooty after 5 years and on the roads of bangalore was fun :) ... miss my "lml trendy" :(
oh that's right! *slaps self* ty =)
the m-blog cover all kind of things, so will add something on event management & creativity for you soon on janet! cheers xx :)
what ya think? :)
q:she does too know justin the faggot, okay! :) a:yeah! ily sarahhhh! :d
you're welcome racheal. :)
you changed your name :d
dm =)
lol dm? sum girl helped me with followers n i just got him to follow her lol but im the next big young singer/songwriter so :)
most likely :)
you are always in my corner..thank you :)
followw amazing beliebers :d
haha heyyy :)
lol whatevahh :) then it was ronald mcdonalds :d
i'm now dying of cute. i'll take the cute video you posted and raise you cute by times ten :)
saatnya foursquare & banyakin mayorship di saudi :d
do it =) lmao i might bust a mission out to vegas tonight, fuck it!!
god complex? :) i wonder how many people think about me right before they die. "am i getting punkd?" ... nope.
without twitter, i'd probably weigh less! =)
remember to punch it in 5 times to count :d
you just need a crazy fix, don't lie. fraser and rayk are fruit loops. three fries short of a happy meal wacko. just like john. :)
was going to my friends bday party. but im too tired to go just got out of 36 hrs studio session.. we gonna talk all night :-)
i did, twice, then tripped over a slipper and banged my eye on the sex swing. i'm tweeting from a british trauma ward. :)
we on our way out! is it gay that i made brandon pose in a twitter pic!? nope! i have a vagina! =)
haha! well i think you'll love it when you get into it :)
i can't wait! too cute :d
i want to drunk dial someone, raise ur hand if ur available lol (lol. i'm groovy too :)
i'm over it...gnight everyone..got a shoot n the morning...exciting! :)
awww! :] oh! ... look what i'm entering! :d ... think i have a chance?!
friend me on myspace or follow me here & dm me! marc :)
guess i'll sleep smiling :) oh mayneee, i've never been more blessed!! #madlyinlove see yall tonight
yep :-)
i'm also giving 5 extra entries to any giveaway if you follow me through networkblogs :d just put in ur entry: following under network blogs
why are you still awake? :-)
im innn nevermind :) me&2 of my guy friends w me door saying no guys can u get me in pls :)
so far, this has been the best #ff ever! :d good friday
404 dms #capucúasftw :)
wow you guys are so sweet over here! :) i'll reply when i get home :) the firecrotch story is freakin priceless i shall share it later :)
awesome! :d she followed u too? yeah, i know the feeling. getting followed by a celeb is like winning the jackpot lmao :p
