cabai terpedas di dunia are u ready?? i know i'll never be :d
thanks! :d
who woulda thought? my kababayan jasmine is a superstar now. (u know that word :) your awesome)
say hi please :)
ask me anything.. please :)
he's sick of his girl & my pussy is the r e m e y. :)
i do. :) try me.
www.youtube.com/jasminevillegas :)
i love how my bestfriend just hacks my twitter in her spare time lmao :)
all day every day my friend! #highfive lol you got me hype now =)
she with me...by my side is where she prefers to be :)
isn't it tho? i think that's why i like the post processing better than the picture taking :)
did my #lakers win??< yess ~~~} yaaaayyyy thanx babez =)
q:di band pengen main apa ? a:nah i scream :d saya akan memakai topeng kucing sepanjang show...
video: nickmurray: this is really awesome :) thanks for sharing nick.
yup :) see you at 10:30 :)
yay! :) keep the pics coming!!! :d
uhuh! either way, i am buying this movie for my collection. :d
omg. its my pleasure to be one of your friends andy :) i'd really love that <3
since bitches dont like to hear me talk bout my pussy juice
im goin in on that :) #twitterafterdark
i'll meet you there :) lol
<#ff my fav person ever can't sat enough about her :)
you should add an 8bitheart to your profile pic :d
thanks for the rt's yo :) (my first blog in a while> new job)
i wish followed me :d make my day!
wtf!! ninja challenge perfect! awesome dude crongrats =) who´s gonna win?? :o yeah a new ps3 120 gb nice gift!! =)
talk to me please :)
k, just checkin on you :)
club with :)
good to know :) im glad ur fine!
you're drinkin too!? :) yaaaaaay!!!!
haha. yeah, i'm sure it is plenty dog-eared and worn. wouldn't be surprised if it even had some of her corrections in it. :)
thxx ~ :)
have you tried chrome yet? it's the best browsing experience i've ever had. :)
i think you should ignore her. :) follow and tweet me back please? thanks and loveyou. <3 :d
thanks! i'll be sure to pass on to my mom- she loves doing her research. :d
can ihave somee? :)
just changed my status on facebook for the first time in four years. :-)
nope he's single :) he myte be messing i think tho
cool and heyy :)
hi you're extremely pretty, and i love you! :)
shinee big bang shinee juga :d sj please!:drt waiting for shinee's facts and sj facts,ok? :)
i will :)
who would dare unfollow you!? that's just rude! well, they're loss. :)
if your in calgary you should come out. i am opening w/ spearhead for john mayer really great audiences :-)
follow me back ? :)
#appg bhatia,speed or bharadwaj: thanks :)
you are very welcome :d
i really wish would follow me!!! :) pleaseeeee jasmine??
#shoutout to all my new followers, y'all are dolls. i love you and want you to say hello so we can converse. =)
cepet follow dan dapatkan merch yg keren seperti go follow :)
okay i followed too :)
ditching school on monday to go visit & hang with haha shhh!! :d
next week? that would be awesome! we'd loooove to pair up with you. salty & sweet, yin/yang, perfect balance :-)
is it good? i'm watchin the oliver stone movie "w." :)
hehe. it's belated april 1 article for you :)
hw do i get nathan lyons (chef on disc_health ) 2 come 2 my house & cook 4 me so i can rub his bald head? :)
oh, i already have our first date planned: salsa dancing, "purple rain," shoulder rubs, and hot cocoa :-)
q:how do you like formspring? a:i lke it ^_^
guess yeah ~ :) you're so right !
hi pit..ur package br sampai nih..busyet sampai pake linggis bukanya..! thanks ya dear =)
ok, thanks for follow back :)
i wouldn't have imagined it not even in a lifetime :-)
my friends and i get free bottles once a week. you're more than welcome to come :)
follow back? :)
goodnight jon! sweet dreams :-)
thank you! good on ya girl! :)
you will he fine. :) i've been without power for 2-3 weeks before. yep, weeks. a few hours is good for the soul. :)
it's up to u :d
niceee :)
1115 at amc come now :) all other showings sold out
do you love me enough to follow me? :d cause ur amazing
i don't have your email addy & my reviews are too lame to warrant an email lol. grrrrrrrrrrrrrreat job =)
thanks for answering!!
i'll dm you :)
actually the shrimp one sucked, so i'll make both of us one :) but with what? :))
hey you two. hope dinner was nice. and yes, we have many awesome, giant officers :) ^rc
monday will be the release of the fotm and this one i'm sure you all will agree,even shawn! :)
stephieeeeeeee! you working again? i read ur tweet. whohoo look out fl! lol :) xoxo
listen! if i unfollowed it doesn't mean i don't love you anymore! i just needed more room on my tl for people who actually speak to me! :)
i'm not norwegian, but we don't know whether or not i'm part black. ^_^
if only would follow me :) a true #jasminator over here! :d
follow me back? please :d
#peopleshould tweet about the #jonasbrothers more :d spread the love ♥ xd
pierre. nice to meet you love :)
ohhh poor baby wish mi coulda help :-)
cool. goodnight :)
yeah. wife keeps getting mad at me when i rant about it, because she enjoyed it. ugh. :)
:) u know ... i did a twitter street team one ... but ... not with everyone ... like the background we have ... just an idea :)
hmm, i'm not sure! hahah :)
is almost at 60,000 followers! :) lets help her get to 60,000 by easter!
ty for your #ff mention :)
*sigh* you need to visit toronto so i can uhh.. well i'll explain once u visit! ;p loool <<< immma try :d
just finished hanging out with a school friend (from bogotá) i had not seen in over 12 years. awesome feeling ^_^
follow me pleaseeeeee. i wont spam u cus i know it sucks but if u see this please follow me. make my day :)
(y) thx :) sushi bread: campur udang rebus,mayones,daun bawang.pipihkan roti tawar,ratakan (cont)
i know!!!! lets set that up soon! please :)
ahh, awesome :) i wanna go there! <3
will you sing the beatles? any song. :)
ive been ok =) i know i havent really been on here too much the past week or so how have you been?
shoutout to alll my new followers hit me up 4 a follow bak =)
q:who are you crushing on? a:none of you know him so i will tell :d haydennn....
wrote a new song tonight. i think it might be one of my favorites.... ever! :)
its 1:37am here. i am off to bed. raincheck? sorry :( i am just so tired. but wanted to say hi and stuff :)
i shall be awake for the next ten hours :)
yay! new faces! well, new for our bv tweetups, at least :)
ahhhhhhhh, 2nite wuz a success cuz im #faded & #pou'd up! ^_^
and? i got my period in the middle of it all. wah. thanks for the gatorade. :-)
come chat with me and www.stickam.com/laurensky in 10 mins :)
:)
hell yes they fucking do! =)
the link was in that tweet.. don't have my computer on now or would send it again :-)
just heard someone say "nothing's as sexy as wordpress." this is my favorite tv show. :)
ohh am sorry haha is that i just got them out of nowhere :)
i followed you. follow back please? :) thanks loads
thx dear :)
the themes are stored at ~/library/application support/bowtie, so you can just remove them from there. :)
<3 u too :)
haha nice :) mine was cool. went to the beach.
having fun at the apple store :)
group hug! the whole world horny lol :) that means the worlds not gonna end
tweet me if you want any shoutout :)
shoutout to my new follower =)
awww; thee "backup plan" movie with jlo comes out on my birrthday :) i wna seee it.
thanks :)
bol silly and memory lanes sounds like a good time. :)
yeah. proof: can still type :)
to do list for tomorrow: get ipad in the am. use it for client meeting in the pm :) #fb
lol thanks :)
denver fogo de chao: & i had dinner w/ publisher tom doherty iv, publisher tom doherty v & fellow gadgetologist tom doherty vi. :-)
helping parents out then calling it a night. bonne nuit/good night =)
good pick on the #twitterbook. :) really hope it helps you step up your game.
haha :) it's 07:37 am here and i can't sleep anymore ;)
hoping the same for you too my dear friend! hope you have a nice day! :)
i got caught running errands & in traffic & mised church too, but i'm going sunday for sure! my hat & dress are ready! :)
feeling some kind of way... :)
lol i love you too :)
goodnight tweethearts! :) <3
q:aha! i knew it! just making sure haha :d a:ok! =)
niccccceeeee!!!! =)
finally going out to get a wawa sub. fattttasssssssss :d
ada yg tau dimana ticket box disney on ice di daerah jak-sel? need info.. :)
. i really miss performing in philippines!!! :) especially in sop !! with julie ann. remember?? that was great!!
ohhh...nice to meet you hunn :)
thank u :) #nowplaying go away by
opa ein :)
pleeease follow me! :)
lol.. make sure the groupies don't get too close :)
don't take breaks! if you're gonna be my groupie, stay on ya job 24/7 please and thank you =)
ha! yes, yes it is a love story, but its all the well written violence that keeps me watching :)
awesome, thanks :) did it turn out to your liking?
i'll definitely keep it in mind! :) have been reviewing the website looks interesting!
thanks :d
hey,can you tell me please how you got this kind of twitter on your phone? :)
idk i kinda need a massage i had a long day =) & if you do that i won't tell the kids #promise
would you please tell jasmine to follow me back? i love her :)
thanks for the rt! :-)
it's cold and windy outside!! bring on winter :d
no it´s very safe! we´re not that weird (yeah maybe just me lol) but a lot americans come here! holland is nice :-)
i hear ya gn sweetie all i need is good music.<<you too sweetie :)
night friend talk to yu 2mrw :-)
choreography. yep =) we have like a billion easter cookies at my house
snap yes we actually watching it right now. mr8 kind of insisted :)
:) are you listening to gucci man tonight?
lol, its not something i dont already know....but nevertheless thanks for the info! :)
wow, must be awesome; only the best sponsor #podcast. :) congrats, and
... well ... we do have to buy suncreen by the gallon ... :-) #hhrs
ah thank you so much, i am so glad you've gravitated toward that one :)
beberapa sudah mendaftar,mungkin masih bingung mengupload foto,tolong blg ke tmn2 di jogja ya,uploadnya spt yg kmu lakukan. thx :)
bowling with qasual & my wife! :d me and my wife are the only 1's loosing :( lol
ahhhhhhhhh :d
if you follow me, i'll follow you back :d
:)
oke bentar ya -_- please follow back :)
yesssss! virgo & aquarius please :) do yall wanna know some more facts tonight or no?
cause instead of an mayus i it has a minus l :)
o0oooo.. is that french? :)
silly. :)
oi =)
nothing but love babe :)
:d so watcha up 2!
good :d
sweet! we are so excited! of course! already bought tickets! :)
hoopfest is the best time to come out here!! lol! end of june is when that is!! :)
haha. it was written for gulf news at the height of the niqab ban in france. but there's only so much can pack into 800 words :)
please follow me your amazing :d and i'd be so happy
jasminevillegas follow me i'm a #jasminators :) 1
happy birthday nic! and happy easter for tomorrow! =)
omfg :) please follow back?
follow me jasmine!! i'm a really big fan and it'd make my day!!! :d
it's a gr8 cd! reminds me of college :) tengo ese cd the juan luis guerra y 440. me encanta #latism
we're all proud of you! :)
building new fedora 12 packages and repos, yay! #awesomesaturdayeveningactivities :-)
me too, bubulah! miss you tons. i'll wear your crystals tomorrow to channel your fierce-beauty :) xoxo
ttfn. early morning. ^_^
welcome to the light my friend :) lol
new pic :d
all songs in my world 2.0 dedicated to :)
hey, i hear ya! do what you can! :)
=) cute
now, me and my brand new leg hairs are going to go to bed! :) night!
