im keep that on my phone :)
was really fun at quiet woman tonight. fun to see it transform from dining to night life :-) of course, we're home early.
mornin rashid :d what's up?
lmao! theres a #fuckyeahelkgrovecuties now on tumblr.. im finna be on that all day baby! lol :d -- mee too!
thanks<3 :d
you're very welcome! enjoy the show! :)
awh, i guess, my head really hurts though, thanks for asking :) <3
lmfaoooo you mad , my nose not big like yours :)
bbm'n it up wit da boobie muahzzz =) <---me toooo she's my dc tho ;)
we the best!!! :)
i stole from you :)
oh yeah, actually dude check out show it sites like my man said might work good for you :)
man arrested at large hadron collider claims he's from the future :d labs #jox
am meeting and there but will be looking out for too :-)
rofl ! couldn't have said better. :)
hot cross buns and tea in bed :)
i can't wait!! i hope he's in my city for a concert during his birthday. if i won a m&g too...oh man....nick better watch out! =)
thx =)
daaang! thought i was going to avoid the question :)
should u share bank accounts after 6 mos (broadcasting live ) :)
just ignore anyone whose giving you a hard time. just tell them to leave you alone. :)
everyone pls help to get more follower :) u wont regret bcs hes friend :) go follow
wessssupppp :)
4 more please :)
peace , love , #jonasbrothers :)
nicolas sparks, miley cyrus, coffee bean, sitting in the car talking & forgetting the time...yup, it was a very & jp night :-)
alhamdulillah lancar kak :) adeek. .gmana ujian kmarin?
i'm gonna help you shel..i'm gonna try it tonite.. :)
got that supa soka pussy pop like coca cola pussy tighter than a choker got him smilin like the joker :)
well being a pirate captain is way fuckin fun. we were tipped from that you're from wa and would be down :)
i will... :)
ended up not going out tonight.cozy in bed instead :)
mmmm garlic noodles :) ! «4rm where? gimmie some
well there is that... :d :d :d
www.traficomusical.net www.banicrazy.net www.flowhot.net :)
beautiful, handsome, sexy dude trying to be joe jonas? :d
ohhh, yea i was getting it confused with incredible hulk...you wouldnt like me when i'm angry. lol :)
wait a min babe i'll do that : )
my gorgeous little cousin and myself :)
out belated #ff goes to our two guest bloggers and thank you again for your fab blogs :)
great watching some cover songs of jb :) this one is preety nice
thank you soo much <33 :)
ummmm, that is a verdyy good question. i will check when i get back on the 8th :) when do you get back to gc?? xx
woz is in ipad-line!!! haha...like him! :d
http://www.engadget.com/2010/04/03/ipad-line-watch-the-few-the-proud/
i know this girl that said she just found out that she was jermaine jackson's daughter, but all lies. :)
thank you so much for the feature! :)
thank u for all ur support naka :) it means the world to me..
your pissed off , cause u want to win! there is no niley code. no niley dog tags, miley is done w/ nick but she talked to joe :)
meaning ur cute a.f :)
i do the same with the peep bunnies :d
just saw clash of the titans. i liked it =)
this is wrong in so many ways :) can u guess 3?
i added you :) my name is gracia bieber :)
she's hot through out the movie. gautam menon effect :-)
aff tom, you reply everyone less me! why? cause i'm ugly? but you never see me! this is so unfair.. i just wanna a hi! :d
ur welcome. thx 4 urs. :)
in my car. getting fresh air! listeining to the man of my dreams; "radric davis" waiting for lashunae to exit the fairly steamed building :)
yayy thats wassup...yu gona post em? =) i bet they look they nice tho =)
thats my kinda hot tub.... or, my kinda person ina hottub :d
outkast is my lover forever :)
alright, i have rehersals tomorrow therefore should probably go to bed. goodnight :) zzzzz!
damn im tired ! nite everyone ! :)
is so pretty =) she is really gorgeous...yeah i accept...#truejasminator from heart <3
hey :)
man on a mission again :)
i hope they are angels for you tomorrow morning :)
yep!! :d
me too! my daughter loves it tho :)
goodnight loves! today has been amazing! :) blessed!
good morning! :d
who knew i would love playing fetch and tugowar with a dog so much?i think i enjoy it more than he does.jessica says i seem happier :)
let me know if you need beta testers for the blackberry app :)
haha yes :)
any chance of a tracklist from your #asot450 set, you're currently spinning? :)
u would really make my day if u dm & reply on me! :)
yooo can't pizz mea off! if yoo do, you weel be att receivng end! :d
i'm in love...and i wrote a poem but it's too long.maybe i'll upload it next week :d
vida tonight. i'll b spinning at blue martini tomorrow night. drinks are on me :)
lmao :) i hate me too :) just fa da hoes
i believe its 14 pages i have 9 left which will get done bu this afternoon :)
w00t! morning tworld! me and going to get fishes :) yayyyyy!
wah makasih ya-_-rt itu temen lo ca? mjb. tp cantik sumpah pretty, jdi bda bnget tysh :) (cont)
gotcha love! i won't do shit til i hear it from u for now on =)
that's what's up getting a workout i see im bored.. so i might just do some pilates since im in for the night :)
just "bought" the free square ipad app. :d i'm hoping that the iphone app isn't far behind.
not yet :) ur?btw do u like my new icon?
retweet: if your still online :d
today is ms. paris jackson 12th birthday! and its also her first birthday without her father! we wish well and a very happy birthday :)
kewl...its already april 3 here so happy birthday to you :d
thanks for the ff :)
always think positive it could be much more lousier too. btw, thx for your celeb diary last week, it was nice to read. :)
jus' from now..... *still ^_^ and snuggling* i was somewhea else tha whole time..... *snugglesnuggle clings to*
adam was #1 again on japanese radio "cosmo pops best 10"! i was listening to the radio under cherry blossoms. :)
.. i'm sorry i hadn't introduced you to sooner .. she doesn't share #thegroupbrain but she's a favorite all the same :)
your welcome .. :)
heeey what upp :)
i believe it is gold standard time :-)
:) yes maam
lol,that's what's up,n i'm glad to hear your doing good :)
oh, and wen u get back holla at me cause i want u back in the mag for something new :)
.@braernoch i've always wanted a guy who would hold my hair while i barf at a misdirected love quote :) i love love./dislike bad love advice
some people wear spiderman pajamas. spiderman wears chuck norris pajamas === :d
awesome!! :d i'm happy you met her! it's like a dream come true!! :d
hahaha =p yea all his tweets are amazing :)
well we are staying the night in fife. eqc wasn't too nice to us but loved their buffet! :d
oi how's ijebuode today?? mornn u'all... :)
it was nice speaking with you! goodnight! :)
early flight bk to cali for 2 days just for food,family,friends & church! =)
well u missed an awesome party :) next time ya aah basi.. aku baru pulang dari (cont)
okay we just did :) so your name's vis?
good morning :)
its very easy :d
harsh! ok i understand were your coming from, its just childish telling people to unfollow people .. you alright? :)
thanks for re tweeting it now i gave you a shout out ^_^
phone back to normal..kinda..all i gotta do is add contacts.. :)
i have... tonight was much easier than the original dk :d
lmao, whyy this girl blow a kiss at me & karina while we was in the car o_o uhh noo, she tryna get our goodies .. haha. #nothappenin :d
your welcome .. :)
goodnight ! once again happy birthday to :) xo
us beliebers stand by all the way, no matter what! he really appreciates his fans :)
thanks : ) <3
aww thank you my friend~you're very welcome :) the chacha question to hard to choose lol!
wish you were here to keep me company! you seem so fun! i like you! okay... putting down the riesling! g'night, love! :)
truth hurts i understand. but its mileys life. teammileyshappiness! :)
hi :) what's up?
lol haha wat u doin bitcch~ jus left the club. bouta hit another. then nite cap time : )
i still have my snes version and console ... i'll still buy the wii release too i think. :d
drtiffanybrown: thanks for the love :)
@kenyamack
@hautetravels
@med_school23
@thickechick
@pegaita
@certified_52fit...
if you want to be big. dream big :)
sigh. i would have specified on his head, but didn't have room in that tweet! and by head i mean head. don't be dirty! :d
get back to work!! =)
chalo they might have needed it its tough to find directions in ca. :)
drtiffanybrown: thanks for the love :)
@walkerdl
@xoxogii_gi
@livn_pruf27
@certified_chef
@staceyrrogers
@stevo718
@...
work, work, anxiety, work. thnxs for lovely pic and kind words. :)
wooooo! we can wait for to appear! lol :)
my sista sepertinya semakin handal mengedit dan menjepret2 :) wee heeee teteh fotonya baguss..
"running away" by am (aka :-)
thanks buddy :)
a bday gift from he made them for me! :-)
found an awesome cheat on potty racers! :d
i really think should follow me back :)
go follow -------> lets help them to reach their goal :)
5 ???? :-) how is it going, hope you are having a great day so far then :-)
barked at by boys* haha miss u oh you'd hate my rosha girl :) how are u jill??
ight i followed u =)
jamaican fast food place. ate there for dinner :)
haha i'm already knowin!! hopefully my fam will have that on deck tomorro too lmao ! 10 minutes :d
read "the great gatsby" or "on the road" (jack karoak)? both r great vacation books :)
lol ur not blowing anything jor, you girls like to torture yourselves sha. keep the booty alive. dont let it shrink. :)
lol wow at my night!!!!!!! leavin the strip club! lol at this nigga doin what the hell he did....#gameover alll i gotta say! :)
listening to matchbox twenty's mad season album and reading eclipse. is a quality frontman! :)
if a 10 is the classiest, i'm about a 2 :d
happppppy birthday :)
thanks 4 #ff sweet :)
my brain knows no bounds!!!! .....obviously! :)
awesome lets start with rt'in my last tweet :d ily
yes u should make a video :) i wanna see tho!
i'm just tweeting hbu?, filipino ka pla :d
ill wait for u to get ur cam =) i can cam up wit ppl but one on one and just me on cam feels weird
ooh ummm can i see 'em lmao =)
for nu tracks pls try this one: http://www.soundcloud.com/jools

i'll send them to ya, if you like one of them. :-)
i met & made some friends tonight! :d
u r?!?!? me to :) i've been wonderful! just chillen lately
:) then let's do the tawakal and ikhtiar hihihihihihi :d
next 10 people who follow ill add you to the list im sending christian to follow/dm you! goooo :d :)
haha i guess :) how was ur day so far?
remember our convo last night about me killing myself? christina said she would help me jump off the bridge tomorrow in sf :)
its working now iv restarted firefox :)
i wish would flirtweet with me and we're the best flirtters around. :)
owh, haha:) she's a production manager of garment, i think.. xd aha:) no, it's fine! :d lol*
lol u didnt rlly make him say/do mmuch of being nice so how can we tell? lol :)
rt@crave_candace follow my boy he agreat look & he gott moneyy ;) tuhh his twitter name says it all !!fuck w.himm twitter :)
finally found out who it is? ^_^
not feeling so good going to bed need to be up early to go shopping with my mom and then #ottawabuyout :)
can someone list me so im at 10. :) kthanks.
going to bed now, goodnight :)
:) imissyou!
im in a greattttttttttttt moooooood :) wessup everyone! im writing everyone back tonight :)
signed. i hope that works out for youu :)
love it : )
oh my...you love that stuff too!?! :d 99.9% of my food has sriracha on it hahaha
now that smile doesn't answer the question doc! haha. :)
have a safe flight 2mrw ♥ u xoxo. don't have 2 much fun in my city hahaha make sure u give a big hug for me :)
lmao dnt do me...imma c u sun n tues =) --- dats wat it hoooooooooaaaaa
kevin black of interscope =)
guys!! follow and dont unfollow her if youre a true belieber :)
↵ thanks naka :)
did you see this ? sweet! ok, good night! :)
just downloaded zenonia2 for iphone. pretty good rpg :d
night sugar :)
i hopeee i live happilyy ever after ; and i hope yall dont :)
i do happen to have a bottle of champagne in the fridge n that's a breakfast drink :-)
good morning n me n stupid apologise for assuming ur a bot. :) happy tweeting :)
man im 2 steps ahead of u :) already thought about it, that would be dope xoxo
i still prefer the original! :) (youtube
started jogging at last :)
it is a terrific piece isn't it. i read it yesterday he's way too clever for me :-)
dammm nice :) email when u take new ones
#jonasbrothers have the best fans in the world???? awww thnks guys ur the best band in the world =) haha
it's like we make each other happy. i'm really enjoying my night, thanks to you. <3 :d
