see! i know my jas faces :)
okay.. good! :)
ayeeeee =) should we take this to the dm. =) tell me more. dm me
those who follow u tell me that u do not follow me ! and u told me u like to listen ... see, i was listening :)
i must say hair was lookin so good just then lol :)
oooh, one of their veggie ones please, with no cheese :) and a bottle of coke.
now i'm hungry :d ... samosas/ patties-chicken/pizza/sandwch/donut/ chips/juice...?
why is trev always sitting down :)
heyyyy :)
don't let the worst people, get the best of you. l.o.v.e! :)
keep doing that man! pray for yr bank, pray for yr purse, pray that u'll always be full and give to others! :)
:) heyyyy thanks miss ma'am!
oh,ok....only the kool kids are invited huh? i'll def call you :)
beautiful \\ aww thankyou hub!! ^_^
make sure you feel as great and motivated and rested as you can before you start your day. =)
yes, we're taking this to far, but damn its funny. lighten-up bitches. :)
happy easter saturday :-) xxx
you cheated! it's a weekend! :-)
hahaha. you don't need to do that. just always update my tweets, i'll be happy :d xx
yall should be jealous cuz im chilllin with and on mondaaay :)
haha:) i do it all the time! :)
dont tell the movie...dang :-) lol
jams!!! i'm seriously laughing at this one! this is fun!! =) i'm in my jams-lol
aloha :) i just seen your #shoutout... how you get all them followers? u somebody i needa know about? lol
damn how the hell did i end up being the only dude in the group?! hahaha 5 girls and me :) find us at rock bottom dt
special thanks to for getting the word out about moral particularism (h/t & :)
the merged network (multisites) feature is really cool too! took a few secs to enable & setup, then literally 1 click to add a new site :d
here to help :)
aw thank you so much :d means the world :)
i hope that you find somebody nice! :) i am still searching too. oh well... in due time. have a nifty night!
oooh sorry bb! its been pouring all week here but sun is out this morning!!! yay :)
u scared to lose? :p me not goin to #klpillowfight. wanna plant myself at home and watch f1 on hd. :)
is deff creepin' :d
you type fast lol :)
okay =) let me know how it is later ! you got a stripe.
i can barwly see you =) =)
prince. too easy ! t do u know who wrote manic monday? bonus points if u know the name used on the album. :)
i posted a pic of me with camerahead down at first friday tonight on your facebook page. aren't we cute together! :)
you have an amazing sense of humor nicolette :)
nice! see u in pune soon :)
hi girl! i was at work, the clinic was open this am :) rb kenny rogers & sheena easton –we've got toni... ♫
thanks : )
dear souls, please follow her! so.. twitter! what i must do now? i love wwe divas! please follow me tweeps.. :-)
follow please :)
ain't worry to me u were. :)
i love u too :)
yeah, um katspice, not katespice :) i fukc up her twitter name more than anyone else's.
sounds wonderful. have fun :) make sure you take that stick with you...
sofa rocks! :d
...and yes...i had a little apple juice!!! thank you st. louis!! :-)
don't worry--i was unable to resist much longer :) rt: poor sugar!
check your dms buddy :d
#secret: is myy "if i was older" crussh he js soo cuute :[ lol :] *** i had no idea , =)
thanks :)
thanks :)
happy spring! :)
u got a xbox? add my gamertag plz :)
after me & the bois are heading to avalon after hours from 3am-7am!!! haha.. who's down for that? :)
warm thanks to y'all for the #followfriday mentions :)
haha awwwe :d <3 that's so cute. taylaa never ever give up. if you want something to happen badly enough, it'll happen one day!
very cool, mate! it's interesting how everyone's going for the wooden and/or corkboard background for their apps… :)
no worries :)
hey alex. :) can you please sing me something? i love you and your voice so much. -danielle. <3333 #iicdhouse
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
ok see ya later :)
lmao my guy in this blend partying #youngmoney what am i doingggg oh yeah that's right i'm doing me :)
for sure but follow me back :)
as much, but i am gonna stayy :)
okay now its beddy bye time :)
ahhh, the show friends still makes me laugh! =)
yea i'm still up... but i'm really going to bed now :)
gosh i love yoga, always feel so refreshed afterwards. :d
yes he is. :)
omg yay :d im watching it on mtv right now hahah :d
lmfao!!! did u know killing bugs is more fun when u use a childs light up shoe to smash it :)
wow you're so xcited hope that pad can handle heavy flow!
enjoy! :)
thanks for the #ff love, likewise :)
my babygirl is coming to see me tomorrow am :) nd i get to keep her till sunday night. oohh i missed her. :)
okies i'll definitely check out ur site. :)
boo...i love your pic! you have an awesome smile :-)
a new follower =)
tweet or text me. =)
we not goin start wit that----»lol :) with wat?
heyyy : )
i'm looking forward to visiting! you have a great chapter, it should be a lot of fun :-)
awwwwww ok, don't forget! haha and i'll say happy bday to you on the cobra concert ok?! :d
what u doin up milli//i havnt slept yet :) wt u doin up?
i love it! :d thank you so much sweetie (l)
follow please :)
don't know about that, but i'm definitely not cold... :d
lmao shush...yea in a few hours :)
on the moon..... :)
ok i will! : )
peer pressureeeee!! who ever thinks breanne washington should get a twitter, retweet this :)
of course babes i would love 2 :)
yea hope so :)
you are so wonderful :) thanks for the site so much. lol
:3 brewed my own coffee for lunch.. slurps~ rt: hot coffee on a cold rainy afternoon...slurps! :d
so many wines. :)
guys im so sorry but i have a headache & is busy and cant set up so well do another show tmmrw =) *ducks* dnt throw bottles
