i'm the opposite! can't do it with non-fiction, lol :)
:d pam!! i missed u lol im good how r u?
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go!!
ahh i love you too! :) is it the new episode that's on right now?! i saw the preview and it looked good but i think i missed it!
my day was okay :) it started at 5am this morning so i'm tired. how was yours?
hello :) now following
of course we will sweatheart » okk, thanks hun :)
=) lol
#specialfollow : :d
pls yaaaaaa liatin kasetnya :)
shouties guyes? :)
you should do a duet with it's gonna be amazed!!!! :d
*wraps an arm around your shoulders and pulls you closer; keeps watching* :)
w-o-w!!! ... i value my life :)
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go!
happy birthday for ur mom and :)
i'm definitely on your side. i love smart people :) have a great weekend! xo
cafe again full.... nice :d only 3 hot x buns left, but suprised they lasted this long!
someone out there, that i care most. :) wew siapa niy gan
when i hear obama whine i flash back to my days as a pre-school teacher :-) some of my kids weren't even this whiny
what are you still doing up? :)
early wake up call for me. at the airport zurich leaving to a race track that is supposed to be cold and rainy ! guess where :-) ?
welcome :)
lol soo i'm different :d lol why be normal that's boring
ah, when you're sober you'll feel better about your relationship :) mooning?
ask ask ask if you want refollow :)
try patron and pineapple. call it "killa cali"...next time i see u i'm ordering u one :)
i think these people should be on the shirt! :) whatchu think? #bryantjames
haha..ima teach u so u can do it :)
lol okay(: i never had chicken butt either lol. i'm weird too =)
goodnight computer world. i'm packing up my computer! cya tomorrow night :)
i am very, very proud of you! looks like you don't even need the youtube vids any more. :d
he´s got himself a little groupie then :)
anyone with 3,000+ followers wanna do 10 for 10 or goal for goal ? i wanna get to atleast 5,200 by the end of the night haha, tweet me :)
follow for follow? that's aweosme that's she's following you. she's like taylor swifts bff :)
aww okay! if u never need help im here okay!! :)
yeeesss maaaim, great summer ahead! :-)
i want to give a big hug so she feels better :)
as i do you! :-)
!! hi my fellow #minaj fan. letz b #barbielicious < cool! ...sounds fetch! =)
if you want me to ask kellie pickler to follow you :)
honestly i have no idea. we're following to the venue. links on their timeline will have the info :)
yes i too! :) i luv linked-in...jus brightens ur day ...wen u see concrete business leads being wrkd out thru it. :)
can't wait for my capoeira class today!!! time to sweat it out and try to stand on my hands for two hours!!! :d
yeah, he's awesome! do you know my electrifying & r&b music buddy, always sharing smiles. thanks, kirk. :) #ff
uh oh....almost 2am and is out gettin his party on? go boy! :) 50 cent – in da club ♫
uhm. hey. how are you? nice talent you got huh? :) btw, follow me please? it would mean alot :) thanks :)
long day of working on the website, almost finished it =)
very nice to see stephen harper helping out at the food bank, and a 1 million boost in funding for food banks! :-) #yycctv2330
i've met 4 or 5 ppl from twitter now, and they've all been awesome. and, yes, it's great chatting in more than 140 char! :)
same weather here for easter sunday.. i want it 2 rain so all the hogs (harley riders) will stay home =)
i expected the movie to be better but the character was definitely good to look at :d
hey i met you and jayde last night at sutra ! :) <--- hope you had fun !
thx for the follow! for your friends who are brides2be or moms2be and want to make gift giving fun www.registrybingo.com :)
that's what my mom comments on some of my facebook status.. :)
hope you had a great day :) so glad that we made #jonasbrothers #1 tt :) love ya :)
:)
sweet i can't. wait to hear :) any fun plans for the weekend
oh crap! just found out tmo are playing a show at skater's choice. maybe they'll do an interview for :d
see you in 20 minutes :)
i just took "you're at a jb concert (you have meet & greet tickets!) &..." and got: read below to find out :) ! try it:
i'm busy all this weekend with wondercon. =)
always good :d
i know :)
their argument is entertaining. :d 2 of the coolest of the cool: &
lol! i was going to tweet the national article but noticed it was already discussed on twitter :)
i do not approve of my name being synonymous with being swalled! :-)
go follow >> << she's really amazing soo follow her now gogogo!! : )
i´ll be like that until siesta time :)
i approve of your music today :)
s/o to the new followers....closed mouthsdont get fed so speak up =)
insightful. chkd yr profile; interesting mutual interests :)
bisexuality raises your chances of a date on a saturday night by 100%. :)
okay sounds good :)
so welcome :d <3
#ff do itttt :)
you are too gorgeous :) i'm jealous *_* aha .. by the way i had serious stuck in my head all day its amazing!!!
but yeah, is fun when i'm not under attack :d
friday poll: #demilovato or #mileycyrus ?!? vote!!!!! go :) shout out at the end if u vote!
youre soo pretty :) please notice me and follow me. you're such an amazing singer :)
thanks for offering your dvd btw :-)
yes, show these motherfuckers how it's done. philly stand up :)
you're awesome. :) #bryantjames
love it! thank you! :) thanks 4 ur help lady! finished product --->
oh my goodness you know how to make chilli hot chocolate! :-) only one the best drinks ever ever :-d
thanks! :)
happy brithday sist .. best wishes for you ♥ ♥ .. ®go cff® :)
ur very welcome! and thanks for following me! :d
dddub ---> is drunk, a good time to get her! lmao! follow follow follow! :)
great minds think alike. night night. that's cute you call me blue calls me that too. :)
can i have it!! :d
i'm feeling this shirt :) its lookin really cool #bryantjames
sure thinggg :)
gonna read some sherlock holmes before i go to sleep :)
mmm just finished a fresh laundry load...i love the smell of fresh linen :) my sheets smell like heaven...w/a pinch of fabric softener ;)
i have no idea what these things are but they maje me smile :)
cuz ur nice & sweet & cool & u always show love :)
i like this girl :) :: #shoutout2dagirlz that dont need pounds of make up to be pretty :)
followed :)
lol its ok. but you can always tweet me im here :)
follow --> << amazing people! no lie! they're sweet! & i think they follow back :)
u should follow me ill follow back! :)
:d hehe hey there
can i just like date u or something :)
flash ftw fuck html5 video!!!!! i don't mind some css3 though... :d
girl, you own that divaness!! next time i'm wearing my tiarra. and getting a pedi. :)
thx ~ :) can you please follow me ? ~ thx ! :d
i really wish you would follow me girl :) your talented, beautiful and an inspirational <3 loving #serious!
i'm moving all of my makeup tweeting + posts to the blog isn't finished yet, but go ahead and follow me! :) #makeup #miami
#juststfu and fxck me already...thanx :)
the girl on ur rite side isssss beaautifullllllll lol :d & so r u love :d can't forget that ♡rt (cont)
she don't need no man in her life. cauz her daddy raised her right. :)
tired, but surprisingly wired. guess it's my need to reconnect my w/my social media groups :)
oh okay... nuffin much just chilled at her crib and enjoyed each others company :)
watching the gossip girl deadmau5 episode :)
i simply loved that movie =) if we could all be so kind
i hate you ^_^
so, it begins. :d
if chippers, adam & kc don't visit me soon i'm gonna shank their asses. at least they call me everyday :)
um. follow now. shes a biotch. jk i love herrrrr :)
if you're gonna unfollow me, make sure i unfollow you as well cuz i won't give a fuck what you're saying :) #justsayin
thank youuuuu :)
followed back :)
i hate ******** :)
my fav songs from are serious, candy and i own this :) please follow me, jasmine! im a #jasminator too (: proud to be one
.can u follow me back?? thanks hun!! :d
oah okay im going 2 text her already! :)
you're welcome :)
thank u :)... glad i got to talk to u again lol. i'm taking my drunk ass to sleep :). goin shopping in the am :d
thanks for the sweet note! i am pondering ideas for the other beads still. more designs to come later. :)
yay to woollies! every check out open absolutley crazy but relieved by a quick exit (and a quick chat with a friend :)
just herd your song " fall in love again " in a commercial! i got so excited :d
yes you are :)
i will send you so as soon as i get home :)
hey lalita busy finalising arrangements for our second pixel project male role model photo shoot in new york city :)
dm your number to me and i'll see if an mms will send to america :)
hey, didn't see this til now... good to see you! :)
good night everyone and thanks for a fun day :)
chauntel: text meee :) twitter takes too long with all the
yeah definitely :d
i wish i could b as pretty as :/ shes sssooo butieful! luv ya jasmine <3 (lol i cant spell) :d
:)
me to me to. i want to see and order! :d
i'm good thank you :) #cheesin lol, i got a big test at the end of the month so i went school supply shoppin lol.. and shoes2lol
also gonna do some more photo editing. :)
just finished reading we need to talk about kelvin by marcus chown required all my attention :d
any shoutouts for me? :d
i love jenna... can you tell by my replies... ^_^
lol! i was a drama kid i guess :)
follow me so i can dm you my info :)
sorry about that! haha. i forgot about it!! :) ily jill! :) ;) (no homo/lesbo?)
thank you :d
lmao not in that sense i mean connection wise the spark wise that i feel when listening to her music. :) i still love her. <3
this nigga coogi shirt is spelled cugee! i gotta get one of them new shits :)
go to rock werchter though. :d mother was hinting it the other day on skype ;d
lol...i tease and joke, but thats as far as it goes :)
happy easter to you too :)
followed & thanks :)
*stares into space and then looks up in surprise* oh, yeah-yeah i'm fine! hungryyyyy :d
thanks for the ff bro :)
#specialfollow : :d
#ff my awesome husband and last #ff he needs you're hugs right now :) & i love him bunches he's the best man ever for me!
if you want me to ask kellie pickler to follow you :)
please follow :)
thanks for the #ff =)
jemput gw!!! sabar tha.. air belewah sama permadani dehh pokonya.. :) :)rt feel soooooo cranky!!!! blahhh
goodnight haha have a great night follow me if you can :)
wow all the best :) have to compose and write two songs in two days. one romantic. one sufi. god whisper some music.
-- just got the last taylor gang tee :)
q:soo how old aree yu first off ? (: a:18 :d
bet you dont notice mee :( can you plzz followw?! :) you have an amazingg voiceee
no network? that sounds ridicious..as in people can't call or sms in... no comment...malaysia boleh :)
#lovingit :) "roberta flack – killing me softly with his song #musicmaxx" ♫
haha exactly :) lol we dont absolutley hate him...we just arent fans
hahah yeah! :) so watcha doin?
:d but really, i will! i'll even tweet you saying i read it! hahaha.
also, unfortunately, i'm not interviewing florence welch. but the upside is that i get to go to the show and photograph her :)
i think s' stunning :)
thanks ^_^
what's "government camp"? sounds orwellian! :-) #lol
if you want me to ask kellie pickler to follow you :)
please follow :) i co-own!
you eat a lil faster but slower huh lol but thanks tho :)
your welcomeeee :d
#juststfu and pull it out :)
oh boy i need to get my insomniac self to sleep ...i am going to ride my bike in the am with my hb =)
wow. i hate when that happens. #kickcancer all the way :)
ahhhh i got it months ago in ny. try googling it? prob already did..but that's all i can think of now... :)
thanks vy. : ) and ya, i'm ok. it was scary, but didn't get hurt. can't say as much for the car though.
いやー、失礼しました(恥)。 爽やかな笑顔が6pics.... :)
i'm back.but i need to go back to the bethroom to take a shower.hoho. so bbl :d
plz. follow me back :d
ima list you wanna twitpic? :) sure
follow me, pleasee? :d
:)
where did you search us up? and is sidekick a mobile app or something? :)
i'm back :) wow no twitie en 6 horas xd
follow my boo :) <3
umm....sweet tooth i take it? :-)
see's all of our tweets don't worry. :d
