lol aww thanks :)
hahaha! well, you go girl! i know, i was like, i've got a new mission: to get a tweet/follow from :)
cool! no i haven't buy i'm going to in july :d
i <3 my new boo :)
add me on fb. i sent a request! :d
thanks, you as well : )
listening to gaga's "the fame" album while holding the baby till he falls asleep. he's on my shoulder :) lol! he loves gaga. soothes him :p
god knows. so magically delicious, it is. #coldshowerplease :) mind sex, some call it.
what you got popping ? on my way to your blog :)
when you least expect it you'll find the right one. have fun and it'll just happen.trust me :) enjoy yourself girl!
praying for you to have a quiet mind to hear with clarity. may the path light up before you. :)
planning on it :) how's the allergies?
i hope he follows me :) is followin me(l) in my birthday he followed me^^
i'm wearing a tight mini dress. very tight no leggings sorry i need the legs out. come ill give you a nice hug :-)
the movie was great :) now eating food
awww :( :( did ur dentist call you karina or katrina . im good :) thanks for the ff.<3
i think tech show and tell is a great idea, too! :) glad you are behind it!
me too! i go through the candy lines more than once at mnsshp. :) #confessfriday
that's the attitude!!!!!! :)
:d wasn't brooke amazing? i love her. she's so sweet!
good morning!taking my breakfast,and maybe i'll be going 2 the mall today.. :d
thanks for the #followfriday! :)
agreed :-)
you can find them all here i just added them together so they were all in my pic! :d
yeh cool,suppose it depends also on what your gonna do with it and what ya gonna be putting on it :)
cody martin linley! :)
chillin, watching this game :) you ?
juwanna mann! :d keri hilson ..movie? o_0 lol yes!!! that keri hilson movie is coming on bet! *giggle* :d
que fofa! thanks! :)
yooo im back. :)
just did. :) go to and sign the food revolution petition. now. i'll wait.
rolmfao haha it might've been :)
we need to get together over lunch again sometime to discuss it or a skype call :-)
we need to start planning our "international branding conference" w/ in vegas. :)
please get on it i am in need.<-awwww don't worry..i'm comin :-)
please check your dms :) you dont have to reply but please read them!
i'll probably go tomorrow. i might see the last song and then after that's over, see the bounty hunter :)
so happy i can finally spill the beans....congrats to my good friend, jessica g, on her engagement. a happy lil pso couple! ha :)
no problem! *hugs!* :)
me fuy..bey =)
i hope you like!!! =)
miss manners: in changing one's cell phone #, tell significant other ahead of time or figure they'll find out later? tough call i know :)
follow follow follow follow follow follow artzy_ :d
aw :) thankyou :d
+1 you changed your picture! pretty :) // super cute!
s/0 to you : )
more hand signs :)
i love youu! :)
#shoutout2dagirlz that stay positive :)
try buying from your local beauty supply store 1st? :d
love this movie =)
and have to give credit to my friend, emily (@madmadammimsy) for helping me make sure things were right.. :)
#peopleshould stop starting drama in my timeline before they get #unfollowed . damn hobknockers! :)
well the movie thing was a no...well i gotta mcflurry :)
thanks :d
ahaha . i knew it . uhmm well i dint say i knew it but yeah i knew it lmao . about the hyung part :)
not very nice =( i'd go if i had money.rt we will do our best to continue to make you sorry you missed it. :)
the people who are still up at this time are great. that is all. thanks :d
did u add me? :)
i like you a lot :)
spending good friday at francis' house along with his family :) it is also my sons first easter weekend!!!!
ok, i just did. let me know when you post. not sure i want to keep up with yet another tool : ) : ) : )
thanks :d
happy birthday to your mum :)
look what showed up today! excited to give it a roll :) #smrt #crossfit
followed :)
hey guys, cool charity event coming to #yyc! 2010 gala: all for the special olympics. info here :) ->
hiii tito. how are the stars out there? :)
oh yea! :) if you think is a sexy beast!!*
lime green! that`s what my color is ha ha :)
okaayy so this is my first time making meatballs lol lets see how they turn out! save me a plate =)
meh. minnesota has a lot going on. . .i must say the ben folds concert i went to here was the best ever! :)
i got ricky to eat fresh spinach yay victory is mine! :)
i will always remember :-)
on my way now! :)
my aunt just came visit! hahah it was nice to chat a lil ! :)
so i decided to watch hang mans curse. pretty good but it's better when you have someone who's afraid of spiders lol :)
win a 100gb vertex le! simply follow ocz and retweet this to win :)
heyy...how do we vote for cnblue members ? ^_^
my sincere gratitude for your mention : )
the next time that we hang out, i will redeem myself. :)
our perfect little lap dog :)
5... 4... 3... 2...whether you're learning to calculate ? haha .. just kidding :)
haha yeah i defo need some modesty, but it's hard knowing im your fav frenchie haha =)
aiiii i think i just found the perfect tattoo design! :d
i hope its me you miss....your name must be pho cus your mmm mmm good :)
we'll be open at 9:30. right in front of this green car. juneau & water. :)
ok :drt thx to thx ya :d thx yaa :))@ramonzy
so very true. thank you, and may you and your loved ones have a great weekend as well :)
woi..klian pd kmn? pzti mch tdr..parah eiy..wew.. get up..get up.. :)
hehehe extra thick :d that's all my brain processed-->rt i eat the smoky cheddar steak house xt (cont)
we could lobby for a law that every developer has to record everything they do and release the video. then we can all watch :)
i'll be glad to do it.. i'm practicing almost daily these days :d
ho3 mendoakn someone neyy siut3 :p bukan aku hehert test apa vi?? test kerja?? hehehe good luck y sist :)
lol thts umm gelato :d
i just realized the address auto changed back from 'the adventures of' to duane-and-brando.com... :d
uuhh, who doesnt wanna be your best friend? :) #nikkiisayshi
thanks x el #ff!!! you rocks!! :)
goodmorning jen, if you're reading this...not sure if you are or not...either way, have a good day :d
that bitch is fresh put my life :d
8 more <3 :) & tweet she's meeting justin bieber for the 8th time tomorrow :).
oh! sorry to hear that. we'll have us a rip roarin' time tonight though! : )
2day is 1 of the best day ever,i guess. thank u & 4 followin me :)
haha yeaah.. it usually is.. we do go to church in the morning... then it's all fun & games after that... lolll :)
vulcan death grip!? oh no! you're gonna get your revenge on me! lol! :d gotta have a drink soon, mate. been awhile.
yes it's a real tattoo. it's the second one actually. :)
i wanna go to texas! when gets her license...we're coming :)
okay! sunday, april 4th at 3pm est spread the word! easter ustream chat :d
they werent busy at all in there tonight so all the girls had time to swing by to check on me :)
aaa nice :d so ur just randomly gonna see and talk 2 justin like friends do haha ?
thanks guys! :d
good people!!! my wife and i both love prokofiev. :)
you're fun to follow too! lots of good music :)
it's not work when you love it so much! :)
you rted my tweet but you are not following me, if you follow me ill list you 5 times :)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 followers! i will choose 1-3 random people. [you must be following] let's see who i pick :)
a lot! everything we do is for her and her fans. :d
at nations (: i laaahv their burgers here :d
np :)
tryin to get 13 more followers for someone :) lol
for the first time in history i am two blog posts ahead. this is obviously a sign of the apocalypse #watchoutforzombies /via :)
harry potter and the stalker of hermione: so well done :)
yeah haha. i love the mud fight scene between 'will & ronnie' :)
lucky duckies with previews :d #perfectharmony
i am playing with my #blogball10 lineups almost got the team i wanted :-)
i'll bet!! :)
avatar: heading off for some shopping. :d ...
sounds like your homesick :)
aw, not laughing at you. more of a giggle at such entertainment. :)
#ff thank you. :)
if i could sign 1000 more times i would! :) can you spread the word about mine too? <3
hey there, how are things? well you enjoy yourself dude! oh by the way, i'm using my whole body to hate you right now! ^_^
first six people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people ... followed :)
well hey there! :) did you see the pics i made? :p
thanks lady :) me too!
and that's why liz and i are kindred spirits. i haven't gotten a chance to read the issue yet but looking forward to it now :d
xpaigetalbot@hotmail.com :d
don't lie. i know you watch greys anatomy in secret. :)
yes mam =) where were you today nigga?!
new blog post: and don't forgot to join in the giveaway post below it :) #etsytwitter #uwib
im 14 :)
yes i am tell all your friends my mom will be there too :)
dope job on the weezy site hustlegyyyyaaalll!! :) xoxo
what if sweet plus sour equaled spicy? :) ahah!
aww thank you :) i love yours also.
fast forward one month it will b jorden & i :)
thanks :)
yes i always go. :)
did you know its a hug an iowan day? you didn't know?! :) well now ya do! love u tito!
and actually look at the shirt i'm wearing :)
q:hi. your cute :) a:thanks =] whos this? lol
yay :-)
cool, cool. :)
i rather take a critical thinking approach, applied equally to religions & non religions. :)
so bout wat we were talkin yesterday :)
thanks for the #ff mention :) you're amazing!
good morning :) haha hru?
we have an answer for all those who think social media take too much time. if you aren't a dog, you need it :)
ohhh okayy! :d
dear friends, thank you for your mention : )
yeahh? :) this is my escape.
mmm, nice :d doesn't he have a full sleeve now on his right arm?
ah sweet sunset :) rchmond street w. sunset, toronto
i'm looking forward to hearing what you think. i'm quite sure it will feel magical :)
order a pieeee or some chocolate covered strawberries :)
hey i'm doing a friday night live show right now :) so come join me if you'd like!
love what you're doing with www.thesimpledollar.com kudos for sharing such great wisdom! : )
i love your style & the fact that you're a celtics fan! you kissed tommy h.!! please consider following me. :)
oh! well i'm not a model. i dance and i want to start acting :) its kind of hard living in canada lool. :\
should i tweet a picture of my hair? :)
ayeeee #ff me tho i need 1,050 :)
barbz, please wish good luck with her surgery on monday :) // ur in our prayers :)
no problem! :d
only 16 followers so far? come on, everyone who has ever programmed will want to follow before the big launch! :-)
thank you very much to everyone for the follow friday kindness today. :)
i love the ritz..... yummmmmm! haha i'm glad i work out, bc ohh how i just love food!! :)
you should follow me! :)
i love u more maya! :)
i go to the kripalu website all the time it's my immediate relaxation trigger! saw your tweet and am so jealous :)
i think it's wayshaun. but i like your version better. me first! :)
you're welcome! i signed it and passed it along! :)
here you go. jay peering into matts room :d
jazz mane live only using social stream no chat box :) (broadcasting live at
did you used to live in eltham ? i live near there :)x pls follow me <3 #verifyfugative !! :) x
visiting tinkerbell? :)
(rt plz :) "jealous hate & envy" -bri beauty #fireeflowww! ★http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viyfnthm3tg
hey...... it's wine o:clock. // that's a half hour after beer thirty :) // that's right !
lol naw its not, guess ur seeing the happiness in everything. good way to look at it :)
watching cars with family. will journal and read later. good night, all. :)
tomorrow i think i'm performing a venue call the garage? in glasgow for all those asking :)
i passed a grade in city & guilds in turbo c and lotus 123 in 1995. lol. i wrote a text advernture in lotus. hehe :) -oo-
thanks for the facebook-twitter tip on twables :)
we live on it :)
the national arboretum. very few people around midday and i got to enjoy the cherry blossoms. :)
what do you think of all the ipad apps? :)
yeah i know what a quienceñera is lol & iight have fun !!! :d
#ff my watermelon/sandia #ringpop mammita from the left coast! sexxxy ass«aww thanx! :)
im depressed, angry and sad :) talk about down in the dumps! and none of it is boy trouble!!!! ahha!
thanks .. you too :) i'll back in a while . bye
shoutout to ------>> & germany =)
