i loveee the weekendss ! katiesss houseee : ) too much funn riteee now
i also find not counting the days helps, i probably only think about it once a week or less. :)
#shoutouttothegirls that are fuccin drop dead gorgeous =)
goodnight, moon. will i finally see a show today? here's to hoping! :)
can u please give me some shoutouts so i can reach 1840 please please :)
is it morning there? i should say a special good evening to you :)
quit almost 6 years ago. don't ever want to smoke again but there are memories of course. :-) just like w/everything.
exactly :)
almost thereeee :)
count me and katie in too :)
id be down... just got done eating dinner, nothing really planned tomorrow :)
joulle 25 hobbies: sport, sauna, everything makin'' u sweat =)
followed!! :d follow and i'll give you a huge shoutout. go go go go go
if you love and would do anything to meet him :)
thanx babe happy bday hun enjoy ya day n many more to come i might go on da boatride =)
20 more! shoutout for shoutout? :)
q:someone i know has a twitter crush on you :) a:wordup! who? i wanna know. =]
getting ready for bbq time with the crew :)
go to bed lame ass :)
toast to the haters bottoms up to a good night :) who's all with me? its "good friday" !!!!
sorry to leave you hanging. so excited though stay tuned!!! :)
follow me!!! i changed your life no? hahahahaha :) im a fan!
it was great meeting you tonight!! :)
yep. freaks and geeks. :d it was awesome, but i didn't watch it until it was over. d: judd apatow created it. :o
thanks for mentioning our work :-)
q:from what country are you? :) a:i live in the us.
at the strike of midnight. well at least in the orthodox religion nonetheless. :) i'm romanian/greek orthodox darling,
need your help with some aggressive bitches at gusto! :)
i love the sauce though :d
thanks for the #ff love. :)
i keep missing what is going on! :) i guess it's better tons to do...
well, if it's any consolation, i would like to wish you the best of luck. so what do you want to talk about? :d
2012 tunggu tgl mainnya! :) ☺ btw,when will ü release ur new photography project? ♡ ur "in мч room" so much!
the story with no ending :)
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
i'm here, dearrrr :)
ask away.. :)
awwww i just saw! congratulations! what a cutie :d
two words, lamb shanks :)
thanks for the ff alex! :) hope you have a lovely easter weekend!
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
have fun guys :) hachi2 jln yaaa :d
follow now :)
watching with because i just wanted to. :)
im great spending time at home :) just tweeting :)
why you dont follow me? i already on your followers recent :)
anita baker – angel: sorry, i only have one angel, you guys know who that is, lil bit. :) ♫
sure :) let's do it next week.
thanks for #ff mention! hope you all are doing wonderfully. :-)
if you want a dm from justin then follow >> ! i will try to get him to dm anyone who follows her :) gooo!
follow > follow > follow > follow > follow > :) 3
only with god anything is possible :)
ok, i'll follow i trust your recommendation! :)
hahaa. yeah. :)
exact date i will die. death is part our lives. so, at least i can say goodbye :)
liked your article in the new productive magazine about working from home :)
good morning! have a wonderful day :)
follow > follow > follow > follow > follow > :) 2
goodnight. love you too ! =)
aseeek ... siap camilan yg banyak chay :d at pvj, going to watch 3 idiots with my mom :))
agreeee...! :) squid n crab! keep on beach hopping n need more seafood for lunch
one more person please follow :)
i have never seen donnie brasco, but will definitely check it out. thank you for the rec! happy early easter =)
yay! i am so happy that u r on twitter! :) totally made my day with these amazing custom made flower hair pins!
thanks ada! also, happy to say we did raise $800 w/@kingofpopart's art in 24 hrs to help his friend! :)
follow > follow > follow > follow > follow > :) 1
awwwww really thats so sweet :)
thank you ! that means alot :d im trying to help as many people as i can !
omg soooooo goood :d
whooooa im on ---> <--- now haha :) hello how are you mah . . . (dont judge me)
really!? i boiled ours today, to dye tomorrow. =)
im gona shoot that pesky wabbit! rt.the bunny is not coming near my house! :) lol!
thanks for the :)
imy x748583648393 :) this right here is an "i miss you"
jesus rises from the dead! and so do my #redsox from winter! :) win-win, baby.
time to sleep for about 3 hours... then getting on a plane back to dallas. goodnight tweeters :)
indeed! =)
man my heart is racing fast :)
maybe, the exact date. just maybe. haha :) but, could i pick both of it?
thanks so much for the #ff : )
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
muacks 10, muacks 28, muacks50 yaayyyyy :d
if you want a dm from justin then follow >> ! i will try to get him to dm anyone who follows her :) gooo!
yes he is. :) glad you think so.
cant it'll incriminate me :) #freakyfactsays retweet this if you enjoy sex while being drunk or high.
so true! perspective! :) do not stay attached to your successes or failures. each will come & go.
yeah that was meeee :) heyyyyy i love trayyyyyyyyy this is trayyyy :)
my last tweet. do one good deed for today =)
i lie in hungary, europe. im just gettin ready to go shopping and to the c with my bestie =)
your amazing, please follow me :) !!!
who's getting u annoyed? i wish i could make ya smile everyday :)
so is my newest friend , and i love her . she is really cute also ^_^
love the name :)
we need to make that a reality :d
good lookin out thanks :)
hahah. well i stuck up for my bestfriend :) so i dont care.
yeah i sure will! :)
followed ya :) siapa yg tweets nya diatas 12000? mau gue follow, tapi buat 9 orang aja yaa hehe this!
nothing really , just chilllin :)
hey, hi, please say #costarica rulez plz =)
i've got some ppl coming over tmrw with kiddies, so organising an easter egg hunt :d but not if i eat it first!!!!
love you. :)
earth. i love this fact :) #zodiacfacts #taurus is the fixed earth sign of the zodiac
they were as cold as the pie i had for lunch. :)
goodnight twitter land :)
:d
home from the club typing lyrics and shxt. for the family. wouldn't be right if i didn't grind. =)
ooh, jd band "the cash" tuh cuma proyek iseng sm || emang klo di seriusin susah ya ?? :)
gonna stfu for a while, i got some bomb ass bw3 ribs 2 eat =)
bowling champ huh :)
aww justin said 'ur the best mama evaaaa' adorablee :d is the best mama in law evaaaaa
yes, i agree with you! :)
i sent him a message, cuz i've had luck w/ him responding that way! :)
what a great night.. lakers and the angels win tonight!!! :)
i'm so happy for you!! :d
dont worry they will follow you im sure. ive had that happen on other wins and sometimes it took a day. keep trying :-)
if should be on :d
got to visit in chi for a sec! <3 now continuing the drive to mi :)
hello? need to clarify how does the rm36 a day on roaming with testra for bb users work? :)
"why are #trying so hard to fit in, when #you're born to stand out." ~ what a girl wants :)
you come online when i go to bed? -_- we talk to tmr most def :d
i love you, ever since yu wuzs lil romeo :)
yeahh to get her back cause she said shes preggo.&she believed me. & alot of other ppl to! :)
what i would do to just do it with bieber one night!!!!! hahahahaa if you agree. :)
yang dibandung ntar malem ping gue donk #mure :)
great start on my new idea :) #ishappy now off to sleep :)
:) you're welcomes. oh yeah i wanted to show you my new hair. it was supposed to be red, but i think it's kinda pink...
bring on mondaaaay. hawks vs cats :)
that's a great combo :-) #bestcombo sunday + afternoon nap
miss ya both! love ya :)
anytime and thanks for yours too :)
good friday always amazes me.... both in name (because there is nothing good about it) and in spirit :)
minum hemobion deh :) darah merendah. rendah darah. darah rendah. l to the i to the e to the u to the r = mumet!!!
twugs :)
#shoutouts to all the beautiful woman not restin yet.. welp im ugly so goodnite :)
great night. "the things we go through--man damnnnittttt!" :)
.... so off to bed for me my heaven sent ....may sweet dreams and a good rest find you tonight :) i love u!
#shoutout to 4 takin care of ur boi...#currently eating the *5'9 special french toast,cheese eggs&sausage<just 4 u :)
goodnight =)
hahaha :) i don't think is getting a follow today, but i tried! :d
jersey shore wannabees sitting in front of me! :d
well bye bye untill wednesday!!!! i wont be able 2 tweet anymore....i will try in da morning!!! well c u all wednesday!!! :)
when i would die :) so i can spend the time i have with my family. and offcourse with justin bieber in my dreams. haha :)
yessir =)
ahahaaha i think theyre all really goood :) except well you know ! the rest i love ahahaha
how's the trip? get some big deals? :)
happy belated birthday! hope you had a blast :)
#zodiacfacts #pisces is the most gentle sign in the zodiac, and they approach love very gingerly.<<my boo =)
no one show up to my wedding :)
not good : )
hi, happy saturday! things are going well here hope you're having a beautiful morning. thanks for the #ff :)
thank u nids :) me n my girl last nite!..and we bk at it tonight!!! oooow!
goooodnight :)
i can't even belt lea or any birit song! but i like the from broadway centrum to broadway singer!!! as if :d
sorry stephen, the 1982 anthony andrews one, not the 1934 leslie howard one. just ordering that one now :-)
yeah he has so much on and still manages to get on stickam every couple of days : )
* whoot whoot * :) !
lets see who shall be my 53,000th tweet :) 21 more to go!
.. clash of the titans now. this day has been niiiiiceeeee *fabs voice* ^_^ .. bbl late night!!
:) mera desh mahan. also this growth is largely driven by ban on chinese phones.
thanks! :d
good luck at thailand but you can come to mexico also :) kisses
have i said i love #zodiacfacts? :) :) #capricorn
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
amazon you mean! sometimes some things aren't on ebay :d
that one :-)
shopping time with mom, oma and si pacar :) (@ senayan city w/
they usually are try bing lee also. < thx rory, i'll be checking everywhere... for a good deal :-)
hahaha, i don't think that'll ever happen :)
good morning twitterverse. :) how's everyone?
lmbo golf clap <<---- is what i do :)
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
lolz aww thanks sweetie . you're pretty damn awesome yourself ! :)
:) #shoutout to my homiegirl cus she's the other 1 of only 2 girls that can call me pings #fact.
hopefully oneday & follow me oneday oneday=\ goodnightx3 :)
oh...lol thanx :)
ikeep on forgetting to send the pic of me and ! cus she wants to see it. =) lol
home bound to watch movies with tha bestie :d life is good
lakers and the angels win tonight!!! :)
leaving to motor show now. tc ka :-)
3:01am ast. about 2 b kicked off the pc. : )
follow me please. :) i'm a fan since you are here in the country. remember the sop performance? 5
if should be on :d
it's a tiny location shoot, not a stage. :)
for sure. we cant talk lost. :)
lol we just hung out & drank a little. we're staying in a hotel not far from where we have to go to the conference : )
chicken quesadilla & apple juice coming riiiight up :)
it's past midnight, so im going to bed, goodnight! :)
saludos :d
goodnight beautiful. rest well and sweet dreams :-)
4 more beliebers follow =)
hehehe .. morning ki spelling moeninng ho gayi thi lo yess i did :) pankha band karke .. doosre room mai soya :)
damn ! that is one nice........phone ! :) thankz! ;0)
i have the hottest boyfriend evr. eat your hearts out :)
happy birthday babes!!!! muah :) thanks you..but my bday is on sunday..still don't kno what ima do lol
doesn't say much about how "special" they are :)
proud to say i just sat through this: twice :d
downtown is my playground i might as well live there =)
im not upset barb :) lets just not call eachother bad words *ahemmm* missy stop startin stuff smdh
