if you would like me to follow you :)
i like your new background :)
i'm about to fix me and my dad a drink :)
i just saw across the street!!!! :)
welcome :)
i am in, hi everyone :) #perfectharmony
=) right!! i hate not having my phone 2 tweet with. trying 2 go thru my tweet feed is overwhelming so i dont even try. how have u
working on easter sucks, but i'll also have some free time to have fun! :)
that's not that long of a wait, and his hair is shorter. thanks for the info! and hope you're enjoying south park :)
lol.nothing serious. just didnt make it to the voting round in the ingrid contest. :( but its okay :) had fun trying! lol
i'm more peeved at the sweatpants, but that's just me :d
yay! just seen nimbin markets will be on when i'm in byron :)
i see :) it's somewhat similar with f(x) luna!
clln u this wknd. tryn to finalize sumtn with my biz partna. :-)
new bg byy :d
hey thanks so much, can you tell your followers to follow us, we are new & we r going to tweet gossips. thanks :)
i know right smh...& go eat what u waiting for :)
wowww !! and& didn't bring me =| lol but thats cool .. hope you're having funn :)
just about calmed down after a few stressful hours earlier. no more nerdy jobs awhile, looking forward to lunch with tmrw :)
i'm la cucharacha cause my friends forget i just got home from mexico :) more margaritas lol
i saw :)
i have a huge smile on my face now :) thank you babe ❤
twitpic please! :) met at assembly and got his autograph. super stoked!
haha of course :)
thank you so much for the #ff :-)
*waves* hey there.. :)
ooh the lindt bunny could never be evil! :)
lol, if you don't want me to it's fine really :)
play never let you go :)
& are having a house party! yay & r here! having a fun night :) x
please help me get to 1o,5oo followers!!! :)
going to see joan jett in july.....cant wait :)
lions will always remember their people. i don't think they play favorites. ?? sometimes we do... :)
oh!! see? there is so much stuff i don't know! :)
thanks love :) listed and followed!
ahhhh the joys of waiting for a file to render.... was my favorite part of videography class :)
you should have seen when i was 38 wks pg w/ my last kid & we were buying a car on mom's day. ended up in vp's ofc. :)
thanks... would so appreciate that! :)
had some fried potatoes and a salad :)
tell me how it is!!! the last song :)
need to get off my butt and oil the deck so i can get a second coat in this afternoon... fun :)
i've got no idea what that means :) sounds like the interface wasn't tweaked yet.
it's now up. :)
thanks! :)
i'm really sorry to hear that. hopefully one day they will grow up and develop some manners. :) hope you enjoy my column!
how i just got 50 followers in less than a week i'll never know. i love you guys :)
hey sweetie :)
#ff the bro ; i love &miss him! he's an inspiration ♥ :)
thanks, ladies! :)
oh yeah happy birthday to my homie quincy!!! :)
ntm youu? :)
i have had a brilliant evening :-)
always appreciated my sincere gratitude for your : )
i've heard some of you have recieved the first batch of omfg! shirts. send in your pictures :) me and jack haven't even seen them!
slow ass. :)
next survey use your mad skillz with the free enterprise acct for students from surveygizmo :)
funnily enough i am not a hockey fan. just an olympic hockey fan :)
#shoutout2dagirlz dat r single moms n stil goin strong. we're behind u all tha way :)
thankss :)
no no, i meant my function braces dolt :) i ain't getting rid of this gap anytime soon
itv1 got it :)
woo! i love justin :d
get our latest cd "lines, vines and trying times," leya feh solo 7ay3`aleek testamte3 bel re7la, ma3a ta7eyat jonas :)
good to meet you also renai, and thanks for laying on drinks :) will no doubt see you around since we're virtually neighbours
yes!! the real john!! that's what my reaction was at first! lol :)
i followed her :d
rt: miss behave trailer is up on youtube now!! --please rt! =) rate
i haven't tried since, thanks for the link :-)
agreed but i get while swimming not sleeping :)
what's your address i'll send you a pizza :) (no really i will)
why di i get married 2 was sooooo good! everyone go see it :)
afl friday :p nba fr!day :-)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 followers! i will choose 1-3 random people. [you must be following] let's see who i pick :)
how are my sweetest ladies doing this evening? is everything kosher my sweet pickles? : ) xoxoxoxoxo
not at all! we just got great ratings results :)
quiet things that keep one's mind rooted in sanity :) extra sanity flows in when i'm creating or gardening =:-d
spy next door starting now. and ken didn't ask who saw the opening anouncement on the marquee first :)
hi everyone! :) #perfectharmony
lol i'll say it too awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww :)
thanks 4 da #ff =) this is why ur my favorite twin!! =]
thank you! :)
honey kettle chicken bouttt t2 go innnn :) , y'all don't know nothinq bout tht , honey kettle !
awesome! you're gonna love it here. :d
#peopleshould love more often. :)
yeah i saw that! thank you for the comment! :)
ours is a paid holiday too. much needed i'd say :)
okay let's try this. questions? =)
mom is wondering whats wrong with me...awake at this hour. we should have "whats wrong with me" days :)
thank u for the #ff :)
ohh haha ok :) i always let mine go to twitlonger i don't care its easier haha x
sytycd was live, so yes, it must have been after that. or no. i'm confused now. :)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 followers! i will choose 1-3 random people. [you must be following] let's see who i pick :)
#randomguy is now #mrstinson =)
dinner tonight, hmmm my only request, no bbq. i think i finally got enough after last night for a little while :-) (4 times in 2 weeks)
i'm i weird for enjoying the mysterious identity of matthew?! well whoever is running the account, i love you :d
u can't really argue with him :)
go for it! i yell at the tv all the time. it feels good! :)
oh. he will notice you ;) i said that and then he finally did :) have hope<3
you're looking good :-)
are you following because you should :)
