houston :)
thanks for the #followfriday , ladies! :d
haha yes i was! :) sorry for the late reply
welcome back sir :)
gue bersihin sampai keringat dingin :p finally.. macbookpro saya sudah bersih dan bening :)
there different color tube tops and boy shorts :)
oh boy #gemini is a trending topic ... as it should be ... shout out to all the gems in the world :)
i think i just like e-readers. i love books, but it's so nice to carry an infinite library around in my knitting bag. :)
here visiting in west hollywood and you showed up on my twitter app as being near by! hope you're having a nice friday! :)
does every fuckin blog have to mention riri when they talk good/bad about chris on sumthin so irrelevant to the incident #carbomb :)
lol yeah i have brown yes and i love brown eyes :d justins eyes make me melt, i bet there like 1,000,000x better in person <33
delicious mulberry treasury made by redrhubarbstudio on #etsy ...& i'm in it!! :d
your welcome i always love your posts! :-)
awhhh i'm sorry football-headed-cartoon-hater :)
dannidelirious asked: yeah. who made you a playlist, hunh!? :) that’s alright. i’m making a playlist for...
me and :)
morning!! and omg she tweeted again !!!! awwww!! i am listening to serious now :d haha
sure :) #welovejasmine
thanks :)
it's one of those movies that it's far better if you saw it back then, sort of like wargames & the manhattan project. :)
haha u can watch it wit me :)
bogor with family :d
will do & i'll let you know what i think :)
finaally in homee, ahora a dorrmirrr! :d #twitterreoff!
shower.... :)
elpaso411: it may be gay, but they have created many famous artists. :)
when u like something that much, it is so tough to give it up. so glad u achieved your goal. :)
i'm so proud of myself :d
be willing to fight to the death; better to go down fighting than giving up. never give up! never, never, never give up! ~my daddy :)
editing a chapter on my dog cleo's fateful encounter with #mjj funny and fond memories :)
#gemini has the best sex eva!! nothing like it thus far! :-)
aiming for the highest consolidation ratios isn't always the best approach: < this one's for :-)
:) this campaign is gonna be awesome! i'm so excited to be working on it! /i'm here to help how i can
followed :) hey all :)
retweet! lol =)
your welcome don't say that everyone has a talent only you don't know what it is yet but someday you will know :d
thnk you hun! =)
i miss you like a heart needs a beat. :)
yes i would love to :) anytime my love.
thanks! yeah i've been intending to use it for a while, i've got a ton of mtg-related songs lined up :)
it's tomorrow hehe =) but thanks x
#coffeetime + #breakfast :)
thank you for following me :) your so sweet with the "everygirlisbeautiful" :) <3
yes seems like many of the skeptics are starting to be won over. can't wait to try it in the a.m. :)
nope did =)
aww that made me smile =)
i'm so happy to see that my #ff's make you so happy! :d that's a good thing woman, hehe. yeahhhh!
can't wait to get homeeee. need to chill this afternoon. off out again tonight :) 4th night running. argh
lol cuz it relax's me :)
thanks :)
i just sent you a text a little earlier that was all "are you mad at me?" please ignore, lol :d
ok, i'll follow :)
doesn't do to dwell on stuff too much, dear life's too short :-)
just got off skype with :-)
jbiebs is not a tt but #jonasbrothers are...? :] finally justice!!! :d <3
hey tyrell :)
good morning :)
*hands over a heartbeat* can i partake in this lifetime listening? :)
ok llon :) thanks yaa :)
lmao, wat a fattie like me =) haha
makin 7layer dip for everyone :) yumyumyum nachos
#shoutout to my white homegirl lauren aka hannah montana too! :)
it depends...do you like this relative? :d
his ex gf was black :)
when you want too :) and i had to send her the message by picture lmao
really? well think gerard butler is hotttt!! lol. it was a funny and cute movie :)
what are you doing up so late? go to bed! :)
shoutout 2 q 4rm 112 for tha birthday shot! :)
:-* :-)
ah okay i am so so tired, off to bed :) (cough w britney cough)
:) at least it's next month! the countdown begins! morgan comes home the end of this month.
heh. we are so different. :)
.. can't text b/c it's expensive.. $0.70 per and $15 per mb on data... congrats on your first day!!!!! :)
can we have some? :d
ima get off of twitcam :)
how u like the game?! --> well, after a stint of playing god of war, i think i'll be going to bed now. :)
hahah i love this show chelsea lately :d
its saturday in england! and its my birthdaay :d x..x
so pretty much is stunning and super talented. wow, im neither so i'm super jealous :)
now, lets spread some love with til 6pm boys and girls. send your love songs here :d
:) this campaign is gonna be awesome! i'm so excited to be working on it!
i hope you win one first! i want to get a 32 gb so i can store more and put my music back on lol :)
whatever ponting is smoking its giving him good and comforting thoughts :d the urn is staying with england!
nope. :d haha. he said it on if i can dream. :) it's on the 24/7. he said it out loud! i wanna die! :dddd
:d oh i thhought u didn't. dnt remember tellin u . haha xd x
ferries bueller's day off? i saw the movie a looong time ago. can't help you there sorry. :-)
lawd !! save me one!! "adult lime squash" :d i'm goin innnnn!!!!
:) you gotta earn #iphone , u gotta be worth buying bb, what say?
i like my pork belly to go with this braised cabbage with smokey bacon :)
if you need to vent over next month, cyber ears here : )
best time of day :-)
:)
new portfolio is sorted, hurray for scanners! :)
u;; no i dnt...at least its cute;; && u know it is 2 soo u #juststfu =)
recipe 4 a delicious meatloaf w/ potatoes & cheese: #recipes :)
here visiting in west hollywood and you showed up on my twitter app as being near by! hope you're having a nice friday! :)
would it be tweekerish of me to wash my car at 9:00 at night?// it would be very kalihi of you :)
your welcome chloe :)
got em :) & yo #yatted azss best be following me :d
#redeye who's wants quality photo's? brand new professional digital camera & photographer, forget story from last night on show. :-)
