this is where my dad lives and he owns a shop up here :)
i'm in bed. but i can't sleep. i don't need soup, just you. : )
nice to hear that, baby of the house! :)
lmfao!! well...i think that is a grand idea! you arent going to sent your after dentist pic?? :)
aww that's sweet dime :) -cellz
dm me a simple "i love you" please? 3 words that could make my entire life.. :)
hey! :d how are you?? :d
aum, how's the new guy? :)
we can try :d
aww yay to both! :d
i need 4 more followers for 850. :d shout outs for shout outs? :)
that was very sweet. love ya dude! :)
don't feel bad. not your fault. we got to bash her anyway!! :)
denger tuh :) udah bener mbak curhatnya ke mba cany, bukan di twitter☺
thanks for the shoutouts :)
u don't need an invite anymore ...its assumed :)
like the comeback :d
please nominate bbleaks for wirefly's 2010 best blackberry blog award plz :)
#followfriday =)
haha okay okay :) summer though! you can come to florida during the winter :p
i litterally just got done watching that with my freind and her mom :)
shoutie goes to go hit her follow button! :) <3
no, i don't know him . . . germany's a big place :-)
aahh all mine just how i like it =) back babe and allllllll yours! let's make plans
follow now :d
my friday nights are all yours...and i couldn't be more happy about that! :)
hey love. follow back now? :)
welll she'd btter :-)
kk ttyl then. :) have a good night love sent from the bay even tho your in in too haha.
thanks =) lol but aye yours omg o_o
right back at ya! happy easter. :-)
i miss u too!!!!! :-) i hope u can make it to my b-day cruise!!
display picture what's dp? x) how's my new dp? made it myself! :d
i love your song serious!!!!! your amazing!!!! please follow me!! :)
u didnt forget about me :)
you'll have those few 360 ffxiii achievements forever in your profile taunting you now. :)
#lakers own #jazz again! thank you! :d
wish i got more lakers games here in philly to follow'em i mean we should since is from here afterall lol :)
i just saw your video for shelters and pictures with all your pets, you look so adorable in those pictures and so sweet :)
if yur 5'1 ah shawtyy like meee & yu dnt give ah fuk bout dem tall mudafukazs kuzs yu knoe yu fun sizee #retweet now ! :d
follow back please? btw i like ur name :)
i'll try to keep drawing! :) haha yesss!! that'd be awesome.
happy and excited to have as the newest spiegler girl! such a smart and gorgeous lady :) (via
i see u about to hop in shower..just wanted to say hey...gettin ready to watch a movie myself.....<3 :)
finally done with my literature homewk... which im very bad in... & seriously bored :( feel like chatting... anyone on?! :d
lol. thnx!!! & thnx for checkin it out!!! yo it sounds really niceeeeeee!!! i love your voice!! ughhh lol :-)
:) yeah i do. tomorrow. too late to go anywhere now.
good call. now we can chill and take pictures. :)
ma timeline is hilarious riih now omg lol but yeh hit me up ppl :) shy asses smh lol jk
thanks mate! :d #followfriday
you know i will boo! :)
unless i missed it...which...lets face it..is very possible! :d
umm the thing is you sounded sooo good, would be great hearing it in person :)
you guys are boring me! i'm glad i came to my fav white girls house! lol :)
hahahahhaha how about we share him! i don't like fighting with my jonas sister. :)
dude, was the first website that posted twio music video. do u know why? 'cause we're fucking awesome! :)
haha i know :)
heylo :p :p i am having a mild hangover.. lets me miserable together over twitter :d
my degree is in english :)
make a video parody to a popular tune about how'd you'd be a good president. keep some humor but also make it informative. :)
#shoutout2dagirlz that are following me :)
hehe! i miss her and desperately want her to come back! how many times will i watch aaja nachle? lol! hope you're well! :-)
reluctant to reveal that it's okc, or just reluctant to reveal location altogether? it's not that bad here, is it? :)
ima show off my belly tonight lols =)
*hug!!* :)
i gotta go :) shouts 4 shouts! help me reach 1250 please! and i'll return everyone's shouts! xoxo <3
at my boo house watchn movies....<aww you got a boo boo? i'm so happy for you! #gobooboo :-)
just a typical day school... well not really, but this is what we did today :) so amazing!
thanks! :)
lollll its papa johns tho :-) + arbor mist
yeah :)
lol enough smitten talk.. so not a sagi thing.. heading dwn to meet maybe some black jack! :-)
that would be lovely ^_^
nik- *coughs and clears my throat* happy in 5 minutes birthday :d :d :d
chyeah =] my followers will u b so kind and follow my sexy mama :)
loving the new twitter picture debby! :) xo
fixedd! :d
yes i know :d
shout out to od for the cupcakes =) we love youuuu
nope. it's about my new kaptains. and i. :) it's supposed to be top secret buuuttt hahah.
it's all good. i have a good sense of humor that's why i can tweet the lame shit :)
having a little vino....listening to old u2 (boy album) and doing my #ff....what a great night. :-)
dont be sorry.you should be able to say whatever you feel :)
#peopleshould be as sweet as him ~~~>> :) u make me so happy... i just want you to know that
*sigh* #ff cuz .... hmmmm.....oh! ... cuz he visited me lat week! ^_^ ... ♥ u!
the house of blues in san diego is bananas :) great vibes
goodnight :)
looks like you'll have to sing along :)
jabs is my friend. he hacked me and now we became friends. :d
how cool! just remember that any problem can be solved. :)
who loves ? lol letss tweet about her :)
aww thank you for my #ff :d
thank uuuu :) xx
that is funny! <check this sarah...this is really funny :) "downunder" is word used to refer to aust.
thanks for the heads up! it's on the wishlist. :)
totally. i usually do it pretty often, but it's been a month or two since i've done it. i will take pics. :) #iloveyoutoo
:) #ff#follow
i'm a fan wondering how many out there are #horizontaltweeting on good friday?!! =) follow and say ilovetoht !! =)
exactly! :)
i sure hope i will be. i appreciate the kind words :)
too many people! :)
no, i mixed it with toner and tested first =) it was a special effects black + toner...hoped for grey, got green!
i need 1 more follower for 1900 who fuckn w| me? =)
well... either way, i guess none of it is a big deal. everybody is just trying to sort out their own shit :)
yay #jonasbrothers is still trending :) woop! aaw not #1 but it's #2 :d
thanks for your lovely :-) :-) |
yeah i have. a couple of times actually :) but that's like a last resort talaga.
5,000th tweet :d i love you<3 happy easter :d
watching candyman ! :-)
yay!!! :d ya!!!!! i'm so happy!!!:) i'm stayin! my step mom fixed my virus:d
singing my life with his words. :)
omg i followed!!! ik its late but can i still be on the list??!! pretty please!!!! :)
and until then....i wait =)
hasil workshop batiknya bagus bagus... :)
glad zach is ok :-) i know how scary that can be.
thank you mr. roney. :)
maybe.. yeahh.. thanks :) i wish i could download from any sites this fast.. hihi :)
hello, twitter! sorry if i haven't been updating you. my dad and my sister use the computer all the time. xoxo, steff :)
i think tyra banks has such a beautiful face :)
you too. gudmrng everyone! have a fruitful day =)
hello 2 all my new followers!!!! welcome, u all are now on "the road 2 kingston". enjoy :)
kyaa baat hai? old stuff? good yaar : ) such a lucky fellow you are!
i think it's safe to say, #lakers got this w! :)
rt: if you dont ignore followers why dont you ever me? exactly. i thought so. prove me wrong. = haha, your wrong :d
me too, same strategy here. i wish you luck in ipad battle! :)
:-)
i like echofon lol ^_^
when i get home :)
yeah im taking myself on a date in the morning :)
i just might :)
my father-in-law nearly lost his job as superintendent of schools one time b/c they thought he took giblet gravy off school menu... :)
good night great people ~ buenas noches ~ sleep well and be well ~ ciao :-)
lol! i didnt end the convo :d how r u? :)
:-) man that wasn't nuffin..thanks tho <3...bong lol
thanks :)
:) thats good to hear
eveyone go spam me with questions! only a few questions away from 800 :)
you are not an uncool tweeter. :)
geeky :) i am hopeflly getting mine tomorrow; i act. have been using iphone basically as an ipad 4 last 6 months (lots of reading)
i like scary look at their actions, especially if there was a fight huhu ^,^ i like romantic,and comedy movie :d
i miss i wonder when he will go online again :) <3
i just designed this t-shirt, do you think it will sell? i want one now. =)
cs4...found the file issue tho :d all good now
thank you darling :)
thought about it :d
can u all please follow ther just new to twitter and its a fan page for genevieve and her brothers :) .....goodnight everyone
can you two please take a minute to sign this it'd mean a lot to me :)
the free app comes to your iphone! they're giving out 1 custom #ipad everyday for 2 weeks to celebrate! =)
u should be quiet no offence :d
thanks!! :) kiss!!!
for those people who hate me.. i dont care :)
at islands just grabbing a drink before the movies :)
but she sleeps from 8pm to 8am! we are really lucky...she has slept thru the night since 5mo! the wine got to him :)
yup, singing myself :) this playlist is amazing
of course,, i'm following you!! follow 'em too! :d
that means it was close to being a dud. must sharpen my weapon. maybe move away from the fart jokes. :d
true that :)
listen to music and i'm on twitter lol! u? :)
i blame you for bieber, katie d: yup. you're welcome america. :) canada.
#nowplaying madusa =)
yup, & quite a few r following me :)
morning! was hoping to get a reply to thoe questions. :)
no! they're so heavy my legs are even more drunk than i am! :d
i miss you guys! i'm still filming. but i'm keeping up at the same time :)
yes i got it :) eating my subway!!
i wld never ask u to change your mind or not be urself...<now think abt that in the context of how u feel abt gay ppl :-) goodnight
home with !! whatta night. what the awkward occurrences?! thank you :) love my friends sooo much. & 
yes..i am going to see tyler perry on sat... i will let other folk hate.. i will support.. :d
new twitter picture! :) now working on my background image.
nope ull just have to be patient =)
thank you. i do think i'm improving a bit :)
aw its going light outside :)
im lucky to be a girl =) yup!! =)
just ran into hey boo! :)
enjoy your time with them! make kale :)
great night! goodnight friends :)
noo matter what's he's myyyy babbbyyyyy :)
what's upp? :d
lol, roastin' is fun. :)
just made it to the victor to celebrate bday!!!! :-)
wanna start now? :)
dude! mine's august 26th :d
ashley is happier :)
i know it well both of them actually :)
you did a fantastic job with the 2 year olds too. you may have missed your calling. :) you're appreciated tonight!
good running into you earlier, even if briefly. :)
goodnight my dear :) ...said i wouldn't call but i lost all control and i need you now!
i know! it's quite an awesome song. :)
happy buttday!!!! :d
how awesome...enjoy the moment :)
ask me anything :)
toy story 3 :)
right...just depends on where you're at and again what ur use to :-)
thanks for my #ff :d
how can you not get along with this face?! i love her! :)
im so tired of that same song!!!!! (get a life) :) nice
*sings* isnt she looooooovely sharpening my blades ... so i can torture you.. :)
hahaa xp yummm that sounds good too :) wat makes u think if i got chu flirting here i wont have u flirting in person?
i wish could notice me someday :) she's so awesome <3
