at the rooftop of the dana hotel. for my homie bday bash! jammmmeeeeeddddd packed n this piece! i had 2 use a little juice! :)
:)
a good move :) should redirect old domain to there ( if poss) or eventually install wordpress on your own domain. will mail u...
i just realized that #jonasbrothers is a tt...we can make it to fly till the top of the list :)
hahaha pata nahi.. :p just didn't feel like eating anything.. :d
meee too. i jus got home. stuffin my face :)
i love apples :) i'm playin wit a puppy
thanks so much. love. :) thanks for the lovely talk! so entertaining yet so real! #tedxmumbai
so glad i'm not in bkk today. don't think i can deal with the red shirt ppl. i'm off to koh larn for the day! with the fam :)
follow back ? :)
added :)
alright im out got a few errands to run :)
video chat! :d
and with those slightly creepy and disturbing thoughts, i think it's bedtime! :d sleep well when you go! :d
shoutouts for shoutouts ?? :)
if u love purple :) lol
g'day julia! ow ya goin? *with aussie accent* thx 4 the #ff luv.. you rock! :)
lol cool. i hope i entertain you :)
haha awwwe!!! :) you mightn't get to meet ori this time, but just remember, you'll get a chance one day!!!! :)
*claps* does that means we can expect you at the singles table, now? :-)
please follow me..it would mean so much, your an inspiration!! :) night
q:no, we don't want that. like, at all :d haha... a:haha :)
:) thank you 4the mention and if you were closer, i'd thank you properly..if you know what i mean;)
you'll get much more outta people by being polite! :) good night
it was great seeing you, too. let's try not to wait four years for the next dinner :-)
lol ok yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy another adult :)
lol...thank you :)
i'm glad you agree :-)
good :)
hmm.. well.. i can think some! haha :) i'll let u know! and.. u can really send us some of them!? ;)
i'm always hθrny around this time yo! the purpose of having a husβand equals guaranteed sξx , i think i want one of those : )
according to #zodiacfacts im compatible with sagitarius. i'm an #aries by the way :)
hahaha thank uuuu :)
maybe delhi was the testing sandbox :)
that's pretty cool ;) i will check it out in more detail soon :)
#peopleshould start 2 respect #michaeljackson. the king of pop's innocent, kind&friendly. #juststfu if u don't respect him, go 2 hell. =)
byeee :) x
center point letaknya di mog, kak :) smoga sukses ya acaranya! have a blessed saturday!
haha so am i now :p i'm onnn my wayyy to the stationnnn :d x
shouts to , hk is insane right now all 3floors are insane wowzerzzzzz :)
yes!! :-) *sigh* #zodiacfacts #because of this, the best match for a #sagittarius is a person (cont)
was absolutley meant though :)
hot and cold by katy perry :)
:) oww.!
spooge grenade! (via that was a bit nasty :d
i love how the vaughan brothers do/did this song. :) ♫
and your armpits sweaty :p it's a hot day in jakarta today, good.. at least my clothes are all dried thoroughly :)
thanks! :)
cute! :) #jeansmakeover
night senorita! :)
haha, i'm listening to generation wild by crashdiet. :d
; hahaha , yuh enteredd ?!? =) imma go look a the other entrysss
rollin up los angeles dry kush #fingersdontfailmenow :)
i'll prob stop in on sunday just to wish my christian friends a happy easter. :)
can you please sing me something? i love you and your voice so much. :) your biggest fan, danielle. <3 #iicdhouse
shoutout to : :)
shoutout to and the #mmi family! wish i could be partying with you all tonight :)
who wants a shoutout? :)
there's a pixar exhibition in science center right now, that's the reason i'm here and not at the discovery center :)
off to the beach early. :)
as always, if you have a blog/site/etc and want me to put a link up on mine, let me know. i'll be more than happy to :)
don't get me wrong, i enjoyed it... just wanted more... :)
how rock & roll is my little guy? at less than a year old, he's already got his first official liner note "thank you". impressive. :)
"houston, we got a problem" now on itunes! :)
can you send me an email about it? i will reply to it tomorrow, okay? i am snowed under atm, and have to focus on work. :)
oooo that's a big day for you :) you know which ones i'm rooting for
come to the party in brazil :)
life is not ending because you lose someone,it ends when you lose yourself trying to keep that someone,i'm over it :)
and i'n following you. thanks. :)
lol and btw...can u please follow and be his 200th follower :d
walking on, no matter how hard. :)
you going to bed too? psssssh! wuss! lol j/k good night gurl! sweet gokey (okie) dreams. :)
the hangover! :d love that movieeee. do you know if this hotel is pager friendly?
livestock is the shit :d
its just the old language, silly! :)
ihave both :-) so which one u wants ?
your sexy ass. =)
i would love something good to happen this week lol :) or on may 7th cough meet taylor cough ;)
i love movies so im sure i will love that one :)
aww thank you so muchh<333 :d shmee does need a twitter!
hi thx 4 + i just followed you :-)
awwww u luuub me! haha :-) bored so i'm texting everyone i love.. haha
smile 4 da camera babe…don't be timid…i just want a shot…then u could pour another shot… :)
last night at funky :)
sure she would just love to see you :)
oh ok dats interesting ,i stayed in paris for a year myself :) n u where homeschooled? r u the daughter of a star/rich person?
okay! go play 20 questions with . i'll be playing too. :)
i wish i was drunk right about now #alcoholictweet lol! -- #dido let's go get on that :-) lol #alcoholictweet
hey i just saw your tumblr and... wow!!! your really good :d like nfldksuhtiuhnbghnghghnhnjek amazing! :)
if u love purple :) lol
lastly i got you magic moutain ticket hookup starting at 7pm tommorow night =) thanks to all the new followers psa mission ova!
home! cant wait to get into bed!!! too much beer tonight... goodtimes tho :)
naww ^_^ i lovee u too <33
yeah! you are :d
:d
q:lol yeah i know a:lol.. :) .. u had me 4 a second..
that's a nasty looking bump. tell pete to be more careful of where he throws you. :)
ima set up a pay pal account for to sing to me every night before i go to sleep =)
hahaha sike! i win & i don't give up so just agree with me :)
good night to you too girl!! xoxo :)
rt:at wal*mart. im getting sherlock holmes, edward scissorhands, i am sasha fierce for less than $30. :) #holmes
yaaay! followed! :d
please follow shes a huge #jasminator! :d
new icon & bg :)
hi please follow me back! :)
got my burrito. will be a-ok for my fantasy baseball draft at 11. tonight was a #success. :) #bigups #bigupsday
mine kinda does too- except for 's pink head :d
but there's a difference between "playin'" and "playah" :) cc:
lmao...see you are a bad bunny but you never cross the lines....thank you for that. :)
: as it should. : )
if u are a belieber, you should follow my sweet lollipop :)
heyyy follow me :)
homeee :) the last song was soo good :)
thank you for the information, i'm defanitely going to look more into it :)
no, thank you for staying up to talk to your fans :) means a lot. goodnight.
ohhhh wwoops :) i'm on my way now.
next time i promise i'll shut up and let you do the talking :)
wp with multiple site & custom types sounds like drupal :) will take a nose.
aww, your answer makes me smile. now get to your essay. your girl is waiting for you :)
:d thannnnk you!!!! don't worry it is still april 2nd so it still counts. x)))
i just took "a real life justin bieber love story! (part 3)" and got: :d read below...! try it:
it's okay ! thanks anyway :) maybe another time. >>see no limits. hear no limits.<<
dork :)
thankz 4 all the #ff love yall :d
recap of the recent #mauitweetup success! :)
brianna, i love you for inventing #askjacqueline :d
i wanna hear him say "banging" !!!! :)
you know.. you could have been a contender :)
good luck! otw to hanamasa bsd presscon konser st12 with indosat..ayo nurul km hrs sehat :d
q:if you could attend any concert, what would it be?... a:john mayer n mr hudson :)
great rehearsals...staying hungry gives you good returns :) and now went back to my house and i get yelled at of how horrible of a son i am.
it's been 7 months. i sure hope it has :)
haha... well if your metabolism allows.. why not :)
it's still friday in las vegas silly goose :)
ask ask ask!!! :d
: ) cool...what other movies interest u?
duhhhh! misery loves company lover you know that. don't let anyone phase you :)
yup lol :)
damn i ain't hadda real job n almost a year o_0 lol thas kinda #awesomeeee :)
ahh thts tight bro lol :d
one extra special girl can turn my whole day around just by tweeting 4x haha :) you're incredible tay.
lol yes i did i did :)
i'm at church now :)
if you want me to get you 5 followers :)
yes :) but i believe she will following u someday :*)
yaw are a mess l0l um n0t puttin up anym0re pichaz fuh t0day... i thank detz enuff yaw tryna git me in tr0uble ^_^
your dang right!! you know i love red lips girl! rocking my red lipstick! would be proud :)
haha i did!! =)
right here :)
awwww just surprised me w| an oovoo call ; made my nitee =)
oooohh, i remember suzanne.. hehehe.. cool! :)
lookin that hot i'm sure anyone would be happy to show up between 10-2pm at your house for next day service. =)
finally cribby...what a beautiful day :-) goodnight love, live, life!!!
baby lovez i love you!!!!! kisses all over :)
hahahah, oh yeahhh. my bad, so now i'm the fake. woowowwww okay :d
go download something like this on your laptop then you'll probably tweet more :)
ha! not. is the one who rocks the mic...i just was busy laughing :)
on zingled. come find me. :) first person to find me is my favourite person of the day (i haven't had a fpotd in a week!).
craving for a blt with extra b, but i guess i'll settle for a homemade sausage mcmuffin :d (a completely successful experiment, by the way)
club pranna was poppin....nxt stop club 11 babiii :)
i play mostly ps3. and sure i'm on deviantart (link is on my twitter page) and i write for animediet.net. :)
makasih yaaaaaa tan :d happy birthday have a great one :)
how bout in sfo? that's a good compromise right? :)
woohoo, it works: set payload windows/meterpreter/reverse_https << lets get the party started :-)
i bet they're gonna tie you up, throw you in the trunk of a car, take you to chippendales ahhh! :d
going out with the girls and hopefully :)
lmao not if i hit u up first :-)
next person to follow and tell me gets listed 15 times :d
if this was facebook, i would like this! :)
i love ur background! it makes me smile :)
#zodiacfacts #aquarius are the best :)
i read dune long ago, saw the film again not long ago. a modern classic. and sting was ok :)
okay logging of twitter for a bit, until i'm on my first train :d byee! x
i'll do it for free =) ima set up a pay pal account for to sing to me every night before i go to sleep =)
not sure when, but will :)
:d
ur welcome love =)
now, whenever i hear "she will be loved" by maroon 5, i think of the last song :)
is a real hustler and she works hard for us! :)
a big thanks to all for the #ffs. much appreciated :)
rt: #askjacqueline. lets get it trending for :d she knows, everything!
aww thanks lorena. :) happy to hear from you as always.
the time is 1:23 :)
thanks! :)
it's ok. you'll get your opportunity :)
you know i'm awesome! :)
ok good night!! :) sweet dreams!! -- thanks, same to you :)
doing great! you? trying to clean up my blog/photos and getting nowhere :) zzzz time soon.
nabawi is the most beautiful mosque in the world, she's a beauty :)
nonjolnya... :) apanya yg lebih? :p nonjol : terlihat lebih...haahhaa...
thanks for the #ff, very kind of you :-) have a great weekend .
25 years ago on this date, a legend was born :) #happybirthdayleona
oh of course, you always shout me out, i appreciate that very very much :d
aww... great movie! <3 ahhhhh... she rescues him right back :)
i'll take the cute video you posted and raise you cute by times ten :)
yeah, i don't get the end...we'll have to talk about it tomorrow! you can explain to me. :)
q:lol =) isn't an answer a:do you want me to eat your pussy or sum shit wtf?...
brianna, i love you for inventing #askjacqueline :d
3 more and im off please :) list me 6 more please
#gemini we're the best two people you'll ever meet :-)
