lol! same for me! ;) i'll see you at 9pm then! :p and please never call me that again! loool! o.x night! :)
:) justin's mom is so beautiful just like justin. :) beautiful inside and out. (itdoesntmeanthatimsayinghe'sgay or someting):|
very true. hahahahah good one :d
yeahh course i can :d x
go follow ---> :)
you misspelled a word you meant sheau instead of show, right!? :d
packed house in ob tonight :-) getting sweaty in here and there's sure to be some blisters!
i am definitely shaking my fist at the world... he's all tan and muscly and artistic... whyyyy? :)
q:really a:lol yes :)
"greeeen power" quasimoto yall ! :) #nowplaying
gtfo nowwwww, how u like my background :d
no one has yet talked about justin's third album :) it's be amazing like, my world trilogy :)
my goal is ,1500 whats urs? :)
makasii mba titi :) thank you juga, dear.. sukses terus buat km :-)
hey fellow night owl! lol...funny pic u just posted :)
need sleep.love you guys so much. :d
iloveyutooo ; n nopee i decided to stay in toniite like a qood qirl =)
ian treats all fans equally ! why your friend is special and you not is... is simple because he is not the real ian, is fake :)
japanese and black hahaa that's my buddy :)
i got it, thanks :d
therees a one in a billion chance that will ever see this tweeet. i hope the onee percent comes truu :)
that should be me cover :) awesome!
ps & paper route were all reall good :) but muse was just unbelievable. fuck i love live music!
im highhh as fck =)
ima twitpic my cavaliers later lol =)
i sure did, my lil partner, howdy! haha glad to hear! how's it up there in you're neck of the woods? :)
if *idiot* keeps opening the door on my side imma smash his face in the steering wheel :)
i been speaking. there is no beef. :-)
philippines. i love ur place :d
haven't tried emping yet, i saw them before at snack kiosk in a mall. i thought they were smaller kundol :d
gonna skateboarding at the park with mom :d
right ? :)
daaaaan tria dipa pun di goyang ckkckc ternyata hari ini ulang taunya.. harusnya ada disini.. pasti heboh to the max :d
yeah i had to give you one by yourself too since you always do the same for me, so no problem :)
oooh. should i prepare some peanuts to lure them then? :d
loved the creativity and innovation of music videos by ok go. this reminded me of the game, mouse trap! haha! :)
dan gw juga selalu berpikir ada drama dalam reality show. kamu? :d #nyolotmerembet
at 2:45am?? hmm.. kinky self.. lol jk wonderful things are about to happen... :)
:d u made my night ! ! !
yeh girly!!! we miss you... you're perfect just the way you are!!! allow your haters to stare you down!!! :)
haha :) i do i do. very cute
good morning all :)
new blog: read it, yeah? :)
thank you! no doubt there will be a tweet or two throughout the day :-)
ahhhh :d remember december on tv woo hooo
yes, i do think #friends could be included in the list :)
like the pic by the dayglow tent at #ultra :)
hhht://bit.ly/goradiopreorder
if ya wanna you can go get the new record here. and by that i mean get the record here. :)
pretty wings........ night twam xoxo :)
remember december en disney =)
definately better for the club. :) even better, lmao.
i have sun :) not what the weatherman ordered lol
i love jadelynn she is amazing :)
thank you :) #bestcombo and + this hastag!
it's a must see. :)
oh definatly :) i can't wait to meet up with you for some grub :)
smirnoff, you never let me down ! :)
nah it's cool lol & yes they are =)
go forth confidently, and i'm sure you'll create your own way. doubters or no :)
i can cope with that price :) if they have some in b&m bargains cheap i might get some
if you are reading this --> thank you for following me and for taking the time to read my tweets here and there! :-)
ur welcome dont worry he will call us one day right bahah :d
i like that one :)
lalala im boredd. goal for goall anyonee ? :)
my friends lynnae lanese and me a few years on fourth of july!! friends for over 19 years :)
haha awesome. i just need a pikes with toffee nut & whole milk. i'm set :) & ready. woop!
thank youuu :-)
and in w.a. tomorrow will see the beginning of 1976 :-)
i already follow her :)
i'll be around a little more :) had to do a twitter break for a bit. luffs my #gacfamily !!!!
#tedxmumbai r: "we are too intelligent for our own good" :d
okay #beautiful #twitterloves im #out #goodnight :)
there will be an easter egg hunt in the garden, weather permitting, or else indoors with clues to the hiding spots :)
thanks for following. :) i've only got 99 followers now tho. :p
at the venetian in vegas with sara :)
luncheon at home with homemade food whilst watching simpson's classics episodes is what i called saturday luncehon special :)
the keep did well at warehouse project tonight bro. banger status. :)
interestingly, although i got both hg & ss, i'm playing through hg, because it was silver i got back in dundee :) #goodtimes
done with 15 :)
effing means fucking. lol. when someone says eff, it means fuck. like, eff my life = fuck my life. :d
so cute...lil kid stopped crying when he got to wear his toy story backpack ...easy solution :)
love your songs girl :)
yeah i finally called it quits. for now. have a good night! :-)
thanks for the rt! had great book sales the past 3 days! now that the pre-order discount goes away, moving more copies. :)
oh i got it from someone elses icon and im not sure how they made it. if i find out ill let you know :)
sally, i'm glad to hear that you're feeling much better :)
or hate me thats why he unfollow me? hope its not true :)
liiiiiitle bunny foooooooo foooooooo hopin' through the foooooorrrrrrest........ :d
gita gutawa bukan? :d she is one creepy kid. re: annoying voice.
thanks doll =)
by the way issy came home with me today!after the movie. got some company in bed :) sorry...
haha lol :d
dang :) what a secrecy at this late point in time
mhmm! thank you too :)
new twitter background! its a beautiful pic of kim from her vegas magazine! :)
your amazing :) just thought id let you know =] <333
mytimeline is #soooooooodry rytnow . that means erybody out . yaw be saafe & have fun ! kos isure am =)
thank you juga, dear.. sukses terus buat km :-)
:p thanks, good night =)
yay! well goodnight twitter, i'm going to bed. night i love you. stay classy <3 (ron burgundy) :)
goodnight! pictures of the awesome lakers tomorrow :)
um no sorry. u can take the job :)
it's a combo: i love old things so the products intrigue me but the people who bring the items in r hilarious cause they're real! :-)
k this doesn't seem to work ... :/ i'll fix this but don't worry i'll follow :)
pimpinqq aint easy but it sure is fun :)
yes, finally it feels like spring a little bit! :) some forsythias are in bloom. :)
:) fosshhhoooo ... no follow back though ? ha
4sho!!!.. :)
okey well my my friends r going to bed nigt yall!! =)
please follow back me :d
we have a new chat box! just like on facebook. :-)
hugs xoxox :) me neither !!
seems to sum it up :)
:) you're welcome!
great!! and thanks for the shout out sweets...but i dont really play the gutair just thought it was sexy lol :)
yes please! i would love to find some more :)
i wanna tear that kitty apart with my big dog :)
haii helloooo dear sisstaaaaaa :)
i guess i better get some work accomplished... nobody else will do it for me :-)
hey everyone ! :) i'm back
i proud of im a belieber :)
hi sis :)
aaamiiin, thanks dear :-)
morning packed schedule today of opticians, children's party (not staying) and chillin'. no work for me :)
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :)
he's following people :) and updated his fb <3
thank you! i try my best. :)
me luvs ya so much!! its always hysterical tweetin w ya!! ttyl!! <333 :d
hey :) whats up?
yeah first class to prag :-)
a table at the bar drew a pic of meee! lol it's so sweet :)
new goal: 1040 followerss :)
thank you!!! w/o you..i would have never won wendy's..caught that for me :)
that's what's up boo :)
awww thanks :-)
good times....maybe once more b4 departure lol :)
oh cool. i'm at home! chillin..i have les deux tomorrow! haha. have fun! :) take a shot for me!
exactly.. or more like a poser. :)
its all ready. chopped chives on the egg and oranges squeezed 5 minutes ago :-)
thankyou.. :) how's ur day?
had a great time wsu, great matches, amazing ladies. took a nice long shower, now time to hit this bed & do it all over again tmrw! :)
thats whats up :) gotta stay on top of my ish
i got em :d #justsayin
can you follow me back? please =)
dedicated to me from ~ incognito "positivity"! :d ♫
hey there! :)
=) yess a lot more as well
mad real .. makin money already haha i promise :) at first i didn't think it was real but it is
ahww pat :) sooooo thankful for all my blessings :) (via me too, i thank god i met u everyday
thinking something outrageous and fun. hmm. :-)
it's ipad day ..... happy apples to ya with a nice egg on the side .. :)
i think you got me 8 followers :)
and i never brag. i just do!!! i inspire women :) yeah and i shall have lots of fun!! yeyyyyyy :)
ok valid reason. i'm not mad anymore :-)
it's ipad day ..... happy apples to ya with a nice egg on the side .. :)
welcomee :d why u still up though?
im changing my community page a little :)
q:yep yep yep :) jk nope but it is......... ba du dummmmmm haha ... a:ok..then who are you?
haha she has small boobies . but yeaaaa they do look nice =) and i start school in fall so =p pssssssh .
club side parking lot **** :)
1030 followerss :) thankks guuys <3
making my egg still, i'll dm you later tonight :)
slamat siang nada :) siang kaka" nada yg baek.. .
saturday special, please follow for lots of stories... :)
aaaawesome.. relationship status has changed, weight has gone down, and a lot more intrestng things happening :) what abt you?
fact: easter bunny comes to the pastor's kids's houses on fri. night instead of sat. one more reason for them to feel different.... :)
it is april and wedding flood gate has officially lifted :)
if u in oklahoma city & aint at our linerie party, ur a #lame & u missed out #realtalk :)
thanks a lot for your kind wishes! made my day! :)
[most disturbing tweet of the night so far. *shudder*] hey! you're still awake! want a pickle? :)
two oceans half marathon 2010 completed :) first race in my vff.
#theresanappforthat :) sleep walking...
goodnight my loves! the meds are kicking in....smh! :)
nice face :)
nang nang nang! berr berr berr byuuuur! mau berenaaaaang! cepluk. cepluk. cepluk. :d
hehehe thank you jack sparrow! :d
had 2 dreams about the gorgeous miss harding last night :)
my team is green machine :)
mess with him back. change a character to have tourettes so it makes sense :d
i love you too , my dear : )
aaaaaaaaaaaayay! i forgot to reply! glad you met and tell her i say hi back :)
hey girlie. you happen to be free at 5 tomorrow? total spur random moment. :d
=)
im here but soon going to bed :)
this is all the thai i know which is enough to survive. sa wad dee ka ... chun hue ka. :-)
i need to go and rehearse my ish for the show on sunday :)
soooo tired...jus had a banana =) to my bed i go...wrk 9-2 then 2 da movies w pauline! chea!
q:followback trus ask yang banyak ya hannaaaa :)... a:udah di follow back , sipp :)
they have good fights man. some not so good, some decent, and some really good. just like any card. =)
goodnight sweet dreams till morning light :) x
like, a clone? :d
and i wasnt even drinking last night. good morning btw :)
lol prose from prowse! :) it's a win win!)) my love? you were alone? ((kisses her hand and draws her nearer))
no but i'll hit you up tomorrow hehe :)
cool lol & thanks! :)
ok i'm omw lol who's gonna come chill with me? ill sing to you! :-) ur so late i'm sleep now
doin great buddy :)
>>thank you << for the #ff! :)
i love jadelynn she is amazing :)
yea im back home now :) had heaps of fun with n.n <3
