your more than welcome :)
hahaha : ) #mahafail #worstcombo politicians n money.
okay i'll give you shoutouts!! :d
on the phone with :d
my 1.3 year old daughter is a #gtd early riser. at 7 am she's always awake. even on weekends :-)
no problem mami :)
:) i love twitter! <3
not too big, not too small lls.....good point =) lol watchu up to
#ff says he's not a comedian! but funny as hell!--btw "i am a celebrity" good song! :) it is my ring tone :)
boored; talk to me :d
yeah tooo far cuz i'm soo old. :) that was seriously hilarious tho! so u comin out? :) we'll need to talk this week.
this is my bg! :)
well from the photo it's quite swollen, red and you have a horn growing out of it...i wouldn't doubt it =)
aww, thanks. i needed a backround and was too tired to look. then, i found it. :) and, yes! it's beautiful!
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
*blushess* thankkuu :) your beautiful the way yu are
i wouldn't link it to twitter, but i would suggest the page to all of your friends :)
the old gta style haha :d gta3 is the only one who has this on the 3d ones.
ha! well, don't be. we are numbskulls with microphones. we only want people to have fun when coming on the show. :)
its a wrap i'm gaining weight. ohh yeaa !! :)
day 1 of recovering on the couch and i'm already going nuts. at least i have craigslist and cable :)
cool :) i might get one :)
a dub = short for aw....a+w...w=dub. dub is a short term for w :)
i'm getting tired. calling it a early night. not now, but soon :)
we go for the cheap beer and ceviché, duude :)
ahh i wish he did :d
come in heree,im gonna go on camm :)
3168, what do i have to get you to? :)
hahaha nah..we're in diff cities ~ duhhh :)
black angus with my mama!!! rib eye steak medium rare please with sweet potato fries! yummmmy! :) =happy jessie
it's a beautiful night in atl =) *sigh*
i love the smell of men's bar soap. love it.i........ i know wht u mean :)
maybe i should have done *both* :)
help a friend out with a survey for her college course: , pass it along let's see if we can help her out :)
della :) cud ya pls follow ? just tell her ive sent ya to her, then i will list ya :)) pls help her :) thanks
sexy shot btw! love it! "happy kuki"?? :)
your hommie is one of my favourite people ever! :) your avatar can fall back
pink sage for easter brunch tomoro? :)
can i #followsaturday u ? :d
:d my sis is timing me in the shower. n she's sittin here watchin me. as we sit here n talk bout memories >:d lmfaooo. ;)
i'm not sure if i tweeted everyone back thanking them for the bday wishes. but thank you all so so much. let the festivities continue. :)
wow. :) my followers are going up fast. & your so good at this. <3
i refuse to talk to you, you have too much hair. :)
haha, nice :-) so are you able to find your friend's twitter?
happy fuckin b-dayy too a bestiee ily mamas =) sice me & cant b dere we want u 2 have fun 4 us :(
i know! of course this means i'll be eating egg salad for a few days. :)
but i'm watching the blind side , again :) wassup w/ y'all ?!
yeah im stayin home for tonight lol catching up on some tv i may go out saturday lol =) u doin anything tonight?
"bleeding edge nightlies" is trunk aka the very, very latest development code. it's currently newer than the 3.0 beta 1 zip. :)
lakers 106 utah jazz 92 .. congratulation for all lakers lovers and fans! i didn't expect another result. well done #lakers :-)
welcome to the future :)
tequila and fuzzy navel baby join me =)
i love having a "relaxing" night at the casa. ummmm and by "relaxing" i mean stoney :d yeah!!!
on my way home thinking about many ideas generated on how to connect youth from doha to the global redesign initiative. tired but smiling :)
i'm sure i'll get it all figured out by the time i'm an lp :)
same just watching youtube videos :)
can you please follow me? :) i promise i won't tweet too much! haha<3
hahaha,btw,cover femina keceh berat! :) long weekend, good for your soul not so much for your wallet.
no problemo!! (i think im mexican) :) j/k
lol, don't get all teary eyed, is still "here" :)
cause i don't actively speak to that damn many people lol...my tl is only funny people or people i conversate with :)
=) roll with me
i do :) and yeahh i can't wait to watch it
i meant wish u were here! sipping vodka apple juice for ya :)
3 tweeps to go before we reach the magic number 1 0 0 0 :)
thanks for stoppin in you're the best!! :)
i looooove your pic gyrl! :)
who're you with? :)
lakers are ballin :) get it get it lakers :) :) :)
follow my music buddy she's keen, kind & all the good things. : ) #ff
that lil shawtys fire burning on the dance floor! :)
i'm at wong solo bangi... :) with family ;)
:) glad to add you! will u b cma fest? :)
that is a good backup :)
this just made me so happy :)
that's good! :d
first person to follow gets a shoutout ! :d
:)
i have to get off for the night :/ thanks 2 yall who trended #blossominthedust! yall are awesome! keep trending! we'll try tomorrow :d
brissy :) hi my name is ______ and i think i'm a thug.
thank you i'm glad u like :)
hello, again. :)
passing the buck is like the opposite of the game 'passing the parcel'. whoever the buck stops at will face the music :d
yes way hun :)
its a shame, like just be honest lol. but its whatever, no worries :-)
nahi nahi.. she s in mysore am in bangalore :)
lamar is running that court like no other! can i get an amen up in this bitch? =)
shoutie for shoutie?! :)
haha its p3 .. so it wont be on channels.. there ya go :) add another burger..
thanks for the love you guys! :)
sorry i couldnt make it i'm in bed but i hope ur having a blast xoxo ..happy bday :)
i'm back! *yawn and stretch* didja miss me? :)
i know i know..just lazy :) actually it's more just getting everything for the accountant...so it's not too bad
oh, oregon. fuck you and your weather.<--yeah!!! you tell 'em! :)
ask come on :)
i didn't see the game tonight. but the lakers won :d so fair enough. i been slipping. sport center tomorrow deff.
bedtime for me... night tweets! *poof* :)
its night. :d
i lived in alara river oaks and loved it! they're soooo nice! :d best apartments ever!
ask me? please (: i'll give you like 2 cookies but you have to ask a real question :d
q:i like your hair :) a:thanks :d
yep. got it. =)
puttin highlights in my hair today, wish me luck :-)
please follow me i know my name doesn't have your name in it but im a huge supporter :d
the dental floss user or me for tweeting about used dental floss? :)
is it? bcuz i thought it doesnt look exactly like jordan.. well i tried my best tho haha :)
just received her parcel from maybelline,advertorial write up soon. :) x
:d *puts movie in and plops down on the couch* x)
thx for return follow, matthew :) happy weekend 2u!
yeap in the boys department :d but they only have cena batista and rey ones atm.. wel only in dunedin
hahaha she was lied :d
no hbo :( will watch on blu-ray when available. will keep an eye out :)
if you're pumped for summer! (justin's tour) :d
kuya and ate watch this old echotin interview ni kuya and u!! :)
indeed :) today is good saturday...
i'm in love. she's beautiful, and athletic, and smart, and asian -- but mostly she's a really really good person :)
sleepy time now sweet mya, after prayer time first. i have been thinking of you a lot last few days since last message :) i don't
haha okay! thanks! :)
deanna says:
*ik.
*i rly want more orange juice
ciara timson says:
*get some :d
deanna says:
*i drank it all :(
i wuld slap him into senses then he wuld flirt w/ me then he wuld see im the one haha srry beliebers ^_^
that is an awesome movie :)
followed :d
listens to a marathon start drinks coffee watches entourage and slept like a king.allgood :)
flattered :) see you soon! fixed it following u. :-)
so are you --> =)
obviouusssly :) im only 13.
why, yes, i did! i was stoked, because usually i never win anything. :)
pamerrr bgt siih,huffff pulau kayu angin. tempat camping n snorkeling kami mlm ini :)
look!!! :-o :-) ---> i will send your friend whatever she needs xx the easter bunny
well yes, i hope it continues to go well. it's an enjoyable business to be in :-)
:d whats ur real name?
lol aight sure thing =)
thanks for the #ff baby! :)
yes except i'm still waiting on our date! lol when ur back in l.a! :) how r u?
it is 7.24 am here :) i just got up ^^
i'm up and heading to check in :)
fashion, put it all on me, don't you wanna see these clothes on me? :)
update: 2,620 green, 192 red & 127 blue...2,939 in the gac twibbon army! woah! congrats! :d
glad to hear that dear! hope this was your best spring break ever :) you and taylor have a wonderful easter!
uhm looking forward to tonight! :) #fb
:)
thanks for the #ff !! :)
big thanks to for getting social on my phone last night, including texting a girl i dated a year ago. love your work mate. :)
i think, i'm going off now :) bye! ttyl! i ♥ you all!
yes really :( i didnt mean to make you cry! you know you're my favorite secret friend! :)
amin smg awet ya :) onyoo ({})
*screams* happy birthday kevin!!!!! i love you!!! you're an amazing person, i'm privileged to know you! *hugs* have fun!!!! :-)
i write as a profession and i have another profession which i dont share with anyone...nothing personal :)
post pics & unboxing when you get it. :)
u kno i smoke bitches ima need ah lite lite =)
uh.. could i have a shoutie please??? :) i'll retuurn.
haha awesome :) sure i will go on msn in a minute !
watching love and basketball :) havent seen this in forever
okay! :d
hah im good! :) so where are you from?
nite nite, hope good friday was a gooder for you!!!! :-)
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :d
i was down there last saturday for the better than ezra event. it's so nice to walk around the city late at night :)
ok so is that 80 or 90 gamer points?? or is it some form of 4 square thingy :-)
likewise! my pleasure :)
shut it!rt so, you don't do coke? :d
graciaaaas :)
that is a very superb ladies nite lineup :) have a great wknd!!
:-) #ff ...
thanks for the #ff !! :)
shower then its time to tweet my ass off :)
retweet if you love the #jonasbrothers & justin bieber :)
fantastic twitter friends! ty for the rts & mentions :)
naw, just right :)
i was doing air guitar with a prop. :)
tiny its time for bed! you should be taking care of the king :)
white zin on deck...courtesy of the bartender... he remembered me...what a doll :-)
you will! i'll be in front of the line probably wearing a blue basball tee :d
i like dat :) lol ... i try to b a lil nice wit it though.. u just dish it raw
r u only following the jasminators? what about some of ur fans? like me? would u ? =)
it feels amazing out there. sneak-peek at this summer :)
=)
follow me and :d
i'm craving orange juice at 1:30am :)
my night has been made !! :)
ha ha! joss stone is on craig ferguson (ny tv) and she has the most posh english accent ever now! :)
he didn't in hush :)
american honey on gac #blossominthedust will be #1 someday :)
had a fun night in vegas for bday.... now off to find out what in store for tonight in hollywood! :-)
planning last minute backpacking trip with jules this weekend. :d
glad we got that out of the way : )
very well. :-)
hehe....i was just there last week :d
cool. will drop a line once i see how much free time they're allotting me :)
especially when ur lover goes to jogja :d
how's kansas treating you? hope the stars are sparkly on your night sky :)
i will : )
yup, one day i will live there but for now i make art that reminds me of hawaii. :) u are super blessed :)
looking forward to our tea and wagashi event tomorrow. fresh and handmade wagashi by tokara... :) good night, everyone.
http://bit.ly/clrxzt
"i know there is not life after you" :)
hola, follow me please!!! gracias!!! :-)
sent you an email. :)
aww :) well i'm layin down and on oovoo ! i wonder what you're doing . . .
i'm trying to help !pls follow her.. :)
