yes, the need is cause ur my friend and ur helping us :) -tay
oh ok enjoy i gotta see the 1st one then ill check out two :)
haha :) awwhh. can you tweet this to your followers and tell them im meeting jb www.formspring.me/maddisantiago
oh i think i remember, hi :d where have u been?
claaro amr :d
thanks for the #ff :)
i madeee it i madeee it :) lol
de nada mi amor!! :) how are you doing?
ahh i love you even more now :) i think jay sean is hot especially in his video ¨down¨ft. lil wayne :)
#ff ->> she's poison ;) lol.. < well ty hun :)
which 3 people want to be followed?i like the number 84 :)
lol :-* kisses :) yuh thaa bestest =d -- i knoe lol
#ff ---> :)
showed co-worker xsigo today, he's loving it, so easy to setup server profiles, vnic, vhba, etc :)
sticky post or plugin. it's an aweber thing. and never believe or trust anyone who says you can make more than $5 a month. :d
i'm gooood :)
thanks for having us! it was a really great little shindig. all the elements were pretty perfect :)
looks like i need to plan a june trip to nyc :) i so want to photo you for my webzine (staticnoise.net)
thanks for the love camii :)
no prob :) that wall is dope
yes. and your icecream was delish :) ... got any ice cream i heard it was very tasty ;)
this week has just been great . :)
#shoutout to & #follow >>> :)
me, too. i will travel for that. this is only a 45 minute drive from my apartment, so it was worth it. :)
you could email me a picture of your bunny so i can virtually pet him with my eyes :) (ok, something sounds wrong here...)
that's what made me want it; i can't resist sparkly. :)
i knew you were a closet united fan. :-)
uuhh, who doesnt wanna be your best friend? :) #nikkiisayshi
shoutouts for shoutouts?! :d
ty for your kind mentions : )
#backintheday my friends an i would hang out at "the wall" of walnut creek

met a lot of cool people backintheday

now i'm "domesticated" :)
big big shoutouts to . she just showed odeee love to my "jealous hate & envy" freestyle. thankyou :)
yes, but it gets $$$$! well you have great taste :d id love to have a job which requires that much shopping heheh!
lol, i get the the best of both worlds :)
love you toooo :)
it's past five :) !
school starts in one month and eight days. i cannot wait! :) i'm taking 5 classes this summer! i'm so ready to order my books...
thanks guys. i'm all over the place : )
humour is a male gene!! :) x << asshole tweet :)
alright lemme know! :) how ŕ ü??? i'm gonna need ü to come host an event here in #la
we are too! :) we love ^a
.....yawn, stretch, yawn! back up getting ready for tonight! work :) ..... ahhh tired!
hey guys play black out = :d
hey guys i changed my name from to :)
3,841 now [unfollower] let's startt :)
follow me yaa thanks :)
a margarita won the day... :-)
yep let me know when you need the money by :) i'm def in!
please help us get to 900 followers. it will mean alot :)
i see someone had his haterade today. :-)
give me a ville!!!!! #smallville what does that spell!!!!! -- ville??? >> lol! you missed the previous posts :)
talking on aim :) hbu?
i love them :)
since i'm only allowed 1,000 tweets per day. howdy! :d
dug the dog in up, after being cast away by the old man: "i hid under your porch because i love you...can i come in?" typical dog, no? :)
#followfriday hello 2 u i like ur hair :d (i'm growing out my natural colour :-) )
i love you kellie! u just made my day. this day cant get any better. u just made it even better. thank u :)
they are sooo serious about it, too! i really did record it for later. i suppose i shouldn't admit that in public. :)
...was that a double-entendre? :)
go follow they're amazing :) and they are great beliebers<3
dude it was a win/win xd raps more distance from bulls and more ping pong balls potentially for lac :)
we only grow useful things that we can eat. not pretty things that we can't :)
now time to start the celebrations of my besties bday 2nite heights!!! can't lose there cuz is spinning :)
great, ed! a little outta breath, but great! how are you? :)
why did i get married ii >>> i'm going at 9:40 :) « i'm going tomorrow
thank you so much..... :) freakurdream
that's awesome congratulations! i'm glad someone is enjoying the weather! :d (i've been working indoors)
better than the last time you saw me. :) how's the left coast?
nope. running chicago--if all goes as planned in fargo i'm going to take my first crack at a bq there--gotta focus on that : )
:) aww you're so sweet. i always forget #ff but always look forward to hearing from you.
everyone, but then it was so good i had to share my glee with the world :)
shit you would normally not say. i say aha.. check the first amendment dxck headsss :)
atta boy! yeah, the stand rocks & anyone can do it :)
thank you! received the coffee cup & free coffee :)
#followfriday is a serious babe who you loved in "two and half men" and will adore in :)
8 moreee :) till someone get a justin bieber background actualyl 2 people!
:)
did you read ur dm? lol :)
come say hi tomorrow and see my new pouches at the rumble arts center in humbolt park : )
sure! we can :) c yaa 2morrow <3 xoxo
..& followed me & shouted me & whole germany out o.o omg crazy,just crazy. but of course i'm liking it :)
#ff wine + spa = my night : ) what u up too ? #sacramento #allday !!!
thanks for the #followfriday love, daniel =)
i might be there for 2 hours. you never know! hey, saw a schedule w/your classes. you're doing tons of cool ones! :)
but no need to help me :d
most must be twitting... :-)
alrighty tweeples, *does mystic ninja hand sign* sage mode! ill get at y'all when somethin profound and defining comes my way :-) chuck d's
no prob! :)
:d whatchya doin?
follow ====> for me pleasee :)
saturday what a happy day! enjoy today tweeple :d
highlights: tim james blew off my audience, is mondo cool :)
that's why we did ours this morning, before they had a chance to piss me off :)
i'm all good mama :)
hahhaa. i always delete them :) sorrrryyy! :)
atta boy! yeah, the stand rocks & anyone can do it :)
congrats! that's awesome, natali :)
you have friends. :)
lmao!! poor ting me and keds is on dyre :) im in a house full of jamaicans who r all talkin at once! dem chat too much
hey :)
as i do everything. :-) thank you.
another solution, sorta, is to win 's ipad giveaway. won't solve the osx problem, but hey, free ipad :)
hahaha well i want it to hurry up so i can have chocolate again :)
what you think about you bring about. isn't it cool to be able to look at other people & their lives & know what they are thinking? hmm :)
walk with the dog be back later :)
uuhh, who doesnt wanna be your best friend? :) #nikkiisayshi
its good friday :)
new additions to the chamber of horrors! me: you could comb your hair once in awhile. :d
their stuff gets me all teary eyed :) i love them though! i'll need to listen to the whole cd and see if ther r happy 1's
haha :) thxx wow!.u got the sexiest girl on girl pic!! no lie my jaw dropped wen i saw ur pic lol ;)
sweetness, will be there :)
me too :) looking forward to watching kicking some more junk food ass in tonight's ep. of #foodrevolution
does skype cost money? ..well not to download it but i mean to like call people :)
well if u need to talk, holla me bbm :)
lol bastards!! demand those cheddar bites back. write you senator :)
:d i hope that means something was useful!
thanks luv : ) #ff
it's saturday here but #ff cause she's cool like that. and helps me understand twitter language. :-)
life's good!!! im great :-) trying to get my butt up to get ready for this party!
follow me please? :)
if you know the words to "onetime" still :d
nope i want a certain leo. :-) #zodiacfacts #cancer most compatible with scorpio, pisces,taurus and virgo
pedro is lovely. my goat is looking like a sheep this month and he acts like a poor little lamb a lot, too :)
oh sorry, i saw your tweet before and i forgot replying to you! haha. hi! :)
how did you find my videos? :) like did you search a song or did it come up like "username" favorited this video?
hey! :) good you?
not too much darlin :) same old
sis he was lovin tha calendar =)
no domestic specials here, unfortunately :)
well i don't know and/or care. because snsd is high above and competition is nonsense :)
that is incorrect. i made the wording a bit tricky :-) please try again!
one raspberry sweet teatini later & clarity nestles within my mind & a calm has come over me. i like this! thx seasons 22! :-)
fucking amazing guy :) haha it was a dare..but thats the defintion
aww! :) and dude i think you legit just got me like 6 new signatures. tweet it again & i'll tweet yours again ;) <333
indeed not, but no offense taken :)
ugh he's perfect :) lol
thanks, nat. :)
at the mall, at the food court listening to baby by :)
you'll have a good nite :-) x
btw here is a very well known site that uses table design: :)
what's your msn? :)
haha telepathic tweeting .. :d
mandi, i can pretty much promise you i will never fight you for brandon flowers :d
i love ya anyway cutey. it'll take more than u ignorn my tweets to cahnge my heart...muah! =) ;)
i haven't been tweetin' much lately..how's everyone doin? btw thanks for the #ff :)
good morning. :) did you use tv call or did you put in some app. to do video talk ?
i'll remind him of that. :)
hahah n keri is busy writting good stuff on the way :) luv her
i'd rather engrave the hitchhikers line that describes my work: "mostly harmless." :)
thank you :)
i saw the last song wiu my friend jessica and there where parts that were unrealistic and dumb. but other than that it was good. :)
i know, i was reading it til i was distracted by food and tweets. and thank you, i'm really surprised and honored :)
will southern comfort suffice? stop by whenever. :)
can i give your mom a demo too? just kidding! :)
:d thanks for that!
thank you :) you are so sweet xoxo
gettin my hair did! lightening it up a bit for springtime- my favorite time of year! hope it turns out good! :)
when did you join?! :-)
go follow >> << sheis a bieber fever : )
#ff --» & :) <3
i dont give a f@#$% kbye :)
good times last night! :)
i rocked the blue today at work too! :) btw.. you're so handsome! xoxo ♥
roses for me and from our sweeties before the show :) #fb
not everyone is as lucky as you are meeting justin or getting a dm from him, so don't rub it in our faces. thank you :)
i'm just messing w/ you! but pls believe i'm exploring all my options! =)
jon, that's beautiful! thanks so much :)
he sure does!! :) is lookin quite sexy in that pic.. he rockin that blue shirt like whoa!!! lol
a little fun never hurt anybody :)
yes we are all here with your botthe just for u :)
glad to hear! enjoy the milkshake and rest up :-)
could u pls follow ur big fans&gonna b crazy.make dreams come true.love u :) 10
welcome to foursquare! :)
kind of!!! the haggis was mighty fine too tho'., .. lovely hotel (on ex'es thankfully). just spoilt a bit by that work stuff :)
well, while you're on the topic of multiple ear piercings, i'm still use both of mine and love them! :-)
wanna fuck it with me? :d
"wife swap" is back on tv it's like watching a car wreck but i can't look away... :)
she was spill'n the tea on the shoe game i love it :)
oh yeah don't worry i caught that :-) was talking more at her
next friday woo hoo! thats gonna be a cause for celebration :d
hahah nobody unfollowed me after all those random tweets :d does this mean you love them lol
lmfao shh boi im just playing :)
all i want is justin to be happy and she is a lucky girl and im happy for them both :d
certainly have! best launch spot ever with and :)
thanks :)
release the kraken! we're at clash of the titans at will let you know if it sucks. :-)
thanks! will be fun to watch over the coming days :)
just 4 the record, the man holding the menu is not the owner..that's john myrland. :-)
i remember, it's part of the reason i started crushin on you. i just love it so much. hot <3 <3 pyt :)
yay!!! your back in search :)
everybody follow >>> :)
kerumbs! and i put most of that down to being bipolar! :)
cool :) mine are 14 and 20 :)x
everywhere and anywhere! i love hunting for good stuff! where's your favorite place to shop? :)
ichalkboard for ipad. > ui and icon by me :) / (via
i kinda really want a tattoo. a quote, lyrics.. not sure what. my mom says not until i'm 18. so in one year & a week, i will get a tattoo :)
night night :)
u and that dress last night? daaammmnn! that's all i can say lol--- haha i lovee uuu sexy bitchh :)
hehe :-) well, it worked :-)
it's 3:15am we had shabat dinner and kept talking from 8pm to now!!
we had family quality time :-)
