hi, i luv u more than a snowman loves his coal eyes :)
q:do you have big nipples =) a:probly medium size
congratulations to for winning #freebali42. wheee.. please read for more details on the outcome... :d
its always okay charlie. i want everyone to succeed however that is defined by them. i just created a gnarly platform =)
nighty-night, folks time for bed :-)
#low key i'm feelin that new usher-omg song. o,o,o,o...o,o...o my gosh.--> i know right...that's my song!!! :)
i want this boy in my arms right now : ) my baby is 51 days away from me.
nice to meet you. sleep well :)
holy crap, alice and gregg are engaged :)
good idea :)
heading to chics lol looking forward to seeing my peeps =)
i wanna get u drriiizzzuuunnnkkk on the 22nd. bring ur xtra liver & 6ftr :)
i just read them :) #yay
to the beach!! :d
just saw this on the homepage ! :)
thx fpr ff. for tomorrow kalo pasxa!! tomorrowmorming i'll to criti for 2 weeks vacation. adios! :-)
follow me please. :) i'm a fan since you are here in the country. remember the sop performance? 4
the outfit may be! but yeah, an iphone pic of a print isn't so hot :)
oh yay! :d middle graders were po'd at zeus for some reason.
are you guys doing anything for his birthday ? :)
www.wearebadpeople.blogspot.com :)
my day started 16 hours ago. in the zone, can't stop. tired and inspired. it's great to play at work. =)
justin's girlfriend is lisa :) and its his range rover <3
hey chris, i appreciate your mention. best to you, robin :)
have a good night cin! i'm tweeting away here,then back to my personal :)
followed :)
im back twitter :-)>>yyaaassss for ya black berry #teamblackberry<-riiiiiiiiggggghhhhhhhtttt :-)
preview pls! preview pls! ive bn up all night making this new track. i cant stop listening 2 it!! :)
thank you so much! we appreciate all the love and support! =)
the date :)
thank you so much, it was a much needed break. i hope you have wonderful weekend filled with joy :)
dunno yet :)
me too. glad you enjoyed it. : )
:) frat nick's unlock all lobby
my brother is watching tv in the basement. i love not being the last one to bed, cause the noise helps me fall asleep! :)
thank you queen p, will pick me up. c u soon. :) don't be sad. ready for the party tonight?
how i die. :p idk.. follow me jas :d i'm a #jasminator
yo follow my hawt bestie but don't cheat on me now. lol :)
oh yeah? :)
no one at my wedding idc whos there as long as im with my true love *cough* justin bieber *cough* lmao xd jk :)
going to kerela? :) yep am in office having a bad time
middle eastern food. yuuuuuuuuuuuuum :d
:d tehe trust mee she will reply to you :d just keep trying!
oh yeah! bacon flavored dental floss ftw!! :-)
2yrs! daivame. :-) guys, i wonder what i'll see in his teenage! :d
im a very huge fan ! you sing so awesome (; please follow me :d it would make my day :)
q:what do you think of asian girls? :) a:idunno.. normal people
teach them we are real you kniow =)
nite all, sweet dreams and know you are loved :) encourage and uplift each other :)
always a good thing :)
oh yeah ! you got it ! kekekek ~ 4minute got warm welcome and sonner super junior . i think u-kiss need that =)
me :d
helloh rain :)
whassup???!! how is everyone tonight? :)
follow back me ?? :)
q:lets play ddr? a:haha okay ! :d
two more people pleaseee follow :)
sagittarius astrology compatibility:  aries and leo :)
oh thanks love i feel a lil specipal =)
going to the beach for a few before heading back to orlando :)
okay who wanna do shoutouts for shoutouts ? :)
retweet if u're a fan of !!! haha :d
hahahah. text me tomorrow bestieeee :)
how i would die because i would stay away from what would cause me to die :d
in scottsdale with friends celebrating bdays! happy birthday eliut!!! : )
stay up! just with :)
what a good night :) love the guys, and got told i had a nice butt. yay me!
i don't hear great things about the one in westwood :)
easter bunny hides fish eggs? :d photo by bob care; bunny: spencer slate #photography #floridakeys
yeah, i want to meet the guy who would allow to write for him... oh, wait, that's us, too! :)
awww 1 of my turtles are sleeping :)
ok i sure will if i dont do it tonight it will be tomorrow!<--thanks! :)
say wahh? you just called me a what? dm slut. :d
awwww who ? :)
i'm always there to rescue you in your time of need. you should feel special to have me in your life =)
back momentarily as decided to face #ff phobia and going to do one #ff :) :)
brb let me see if anyone in my house is awake besides me but i bet probably not brb =)
:) glad to hear it.
god, thx so much for givin me such a flawless gentleman in my life. i'm so grateful :)
but what about how to train your dragon ? :)
thanks :) i try to set an example
yayayaya hiii :) your girly twin is tired and feeling sickk haha xd <3 but hi.
i would love to :) <3 hmm, does anyone wanna make a support group with mee? (:
yup. which is why i did. =)
you get a new iphone yet? :)
gedanken aus der #games & #wow #community: dont play you'll loooose! :)
: ladies looking good :)
ohh.. alright :d
failing that i will leave her to it and go and sit in a coffee shop till she is done : )
i cannot walk past a mirror without striking a pose...am i vain??-nahh u jus kno u badd :)
bowling with :d so much fun!!
suree :)
thanks for ff shout-out lucas. have a great easter. robin :)
thank you sweetie ! that cheered me up. i love you super much & you always keep it real with me :d
and that's because you are awesome too! :)
:) rt+1 check the new blogpost. you might like the music
i'll see what i can do about him tweeting you :)
listening to teamminajradio :)
send away, it's my week off so i'm reading friends :d back to revisions next week.
