yummy! have fun with the boys! :)
i'm definitely here and i'm definitely ready for some chocolatey goodnes!! :d #perfectharmony
hugs :) we do get crazy here :)
so glad to hear! he'll get through it and he won't even notice 'anything' is missing :)
this was my gorgeous view from the back of the austin hyatt regency this morning! =)
shoutout to (by the way, i love your username)! :)
i do about half the time. i way writing is a creative process.. speeling is not :)
jersey bbq with my ladies :-)
:-)
ahhh <3 get to see my bestfriend i haven't seen in like 3 years :) and we both love justin ♥
thank you guys :d i love it!
not long to go! please remember to tag and geotag your 4am photogaphs :) more info here:http://bit.ly/awfpde pls rt!
i love u more maya! :) < pawz of maya is mines :d< lol we're jus friends relaxxx :p
next 10 people who follow im giving you 2 massiveshoutouts each :) goo followww please<3 ----
in bed watching what katie did next :)
my drama teacher worked on brum :)
sorry that tweet went down the memory hole for a typo...i do that often. :)
thanks for the #ff :)
to just bite the bullet & try all natural cleaning. great post! :)
follow me back? :)
no way !?!? :)
well, at least we are not on the lawn, and we can always wander around afterward and see if we can find him. :)
this is a little sampler of my spin class w/live drums! i'm uploading the vid from my iphone. hope it works! tgif :)
just wrapped up a five day food photography shoot with the extremely talented lew richardson for mimi's cafe. great team great images :-)
:) how did u hear about twitter?
lmaooo! i dont notice how much i tweet cos i follow a lot of over tweeters haha :)
ya' know... horatio sans says that he really started lossing weight when he stoped drinking. #justsaying :-)
surprise me..can't wait to lay down j-bizzle's new "anti-fur rap". positive message wrapped up in humorous pkg. peta should enjoy. :)
only 5 more please >>> <<< follow him right now! :)
love you too, one of the best models ever :)
evry client i hav keep tellin me i hav a nice body/big booty. down low lesbos?<see sistahs cant take complment frm anybody! =)
hehe, i think were good :d **hopefully anyways :p
baybeeface; idk what your wearing in that picture , but the whole fit is fly ! a guy that can dress is so bomb to me :)
thank you! and yes, lte and wimax are certainly a big part of my new beat... :)
aww no thats unfortunate that but it means a whole new card :d
no silly :) i walked about a half mile i guess
whatch out! free carrot cake for guests on our birthday tuesday 4/6! fyi, my favorite :)
i love you baby :) lol
me too :) looking forward to watching kicking some more junk food ass in tonight's ep. of #foodrevolution
im guessing q mi colega answered the question.... :)
i just saw walkn to menchies hahaha! :) she was wearin an orange dress! heck yes orange is the new cool color!
hey :) i almost met you last week. lol!
read and weep, my friend. =)
that's the problem though. i don't have *time* for that. i need a direct neural feed that asks questions and answers them. :)
follow follow follow follow follow follow <33 :d
ooh omg tha is really cool :d so wuu2?
yo this guy in starter's look like the sexy eyes lol just an observation hehe :)
next 10 people who follow im giving you 2 shoutouts each :) goo followww please<3 ---
well go eat then! :)
can u please follow me back? :)
siim amor, o monovin a! :d
wow. just wow. :)
dade county on da number line!!!!!!!!!!!! =)
1 year!! :)
kk :)
<-- follow him :d
my igloo on outback :d its on the map
know what sounds good? a sexy bath with a sexy person to join me drinking sexy patron :-p and having some sex :d
i shall!! :)
until iiiiii come along. :)
im on :) !
zeppelin, corelli, u2, bowie, crosby stills & nash. :)
next 10 people who follow im giving you 2 shoutouts each :) goo followww please<3
#gomiley! :d miley cyrus' 'time of our lives ep' has sold 1,329,312
copies to date.
i am going to run friends are stopping by in a few and i should tidy up a bit :)
i like your #ff today... :)
fanks for the follow friday tweet! you rock <3 :) x
one thing i love about #adelaide is that you can say "meet you at the malls balls" & still be considered normal :)
and i always have the best phone convos! that kid has his head on straight :)
lmao youre the one that wants the publicity . & im gaining some too =) yay uss ! hahaha
my pleasure! anything you need, just holler. :)
did you guys make it to the meeting ok, speed demon?? :)
haha i know :) we are talking ;p
not bad, thanks :) i wrote it on alpha, will edit it on beta2 and clean it on final release then its off to the printer :)
could u pls follow ur big fans&gonna b crazy.make dreams come true.love u :) 4
*bleah!* i'll cover it with an american flag, if it does!!! #hhrs :-)
booooa! isso ai! :)
gece gece hatırlatmaya gerek yok :)
if no 1 today reached out 2 you with a smile! here is a smile :) if they didnt appreciate you god does! and last but not least i love you!
ouch! poor kindle. mine has a crack too, but its ok :) the skin keeps it together lol
thanks :) allesegretti i hope la is prepared in 7 weeks to welcome allesegretti!! a great addition to la. :)
thank you for all the support! would love to come and lower the tone on your show one day :)
next 10 people who follow im giving you 2 shoutouts each :) goo followww please<3
we hope so! does that mean major jeans onsale soon? : ) ock & republic files for bk
oo, i think i need the ringtone. :) and thank you for the nice words earlier. wishing you a stellar weekend!!
between you and my cuz it seems that usher is gonna be the cause of my first beatdown! lol :)
thanks! funny, my desire for sweets is simply gone. guess you can break a habit in 6 weeks :)
yay! have fun :d
it look long enough but its hot now :)
become a fan of happy soap! freebies and fun for fans :) #etsy #facebook
thanks for the followfriday! :) x
guys please come in :d
just met wife and their baby artie. cutest lil thing ever! :)
#shoutout2dagirlz wit sexy juicy lips!! =)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 followers! i will choose 1-3 random people. [you must be following] let's see who i pick :)
hahahaha hells yeah it was! :)
is all moved in. don't know where the hell anything is, except the tp, iphone and my 4" heels. > u got your priorities :-)
money in the bank at wm26 this year! best moment in career so far!! :) favourite match you have announced?
i love you too :) phone chat sometime soon? yeah, sounds good <3 and thanks so much!
#souljaboytellem lmaaao ! #souljaboyschool was fun :)
thanks so much for the #ff love right back at you! :)
thank u :)
i gained more followers than i lost in the movement!
excellent :) #fringe
:) would you persuade, speak of interest, not of reason. benjamin franklin
ha! for me it's all bout the edit tonight! aw u do? it loves u too! not yet treacle, drop next thurs! :d
sorry about ur mom but i'm glad she is getting better. : )
if you know the words to "onetime" still :d
lol girl believe me i got a biggg ass & thick thighs. its all about the posing :) i took like 50 pics.
great since i am now on vacation! :d how are you?
awwe :) i love youuuu moreeeee!< ugh!! i love u way more stop tryna beat me!!! lol
:))) i knew i wasn't the only one. :)
hallooooo :-)
i hope everyone who is in the 757 will be attending the #hamptonvcucab :) #thatisall« of course
#ff they have #winitwednesday and #monstermonday how awesome is that?! :d
falcon crest makes you think of reagan because of jane wyman. :)
:d i'm in love with that tune for sure
10 for 10 anyone ?? :)
a baby is such a blessing!!!! :) ...you no it
had the most amazing day... now ready to have the most amazing night! =)
thanks for the #ff, hon! right back atcha! :)
will you say mahal kita? it means i love you :) thanks p you are my crowned goddess :) xoxo rose your angel
ok, in that case... go cut ur hair boy! :d
nothing wrong w/being a homebody. are you spending a night w/jamie oliver? :)
oh okay... i feel you! lol :-)
a stained glass design in progress copyright me :) the grey lines are a scan of the sketch i'd made; the
haha! crazy ass :) pick me up a shirt haha
ty! :-) #followfriday 2 my favorite showrooms in la r on twttr! & follow them 4 haute fashion tweets
heyyyyyyyy twitter! just drop in to say hi... ttyl! -xoxo =)
hi! thanks! i haven't had any sweets yet! sunday, tho, making red velvet cupcakes ala to celebrate :)
ahh that's why you like it. :)
i'm at the cavs game if you need me. :)
if you sometimes think im funny lol :d
ok....its on.....this means war!!!! :d
going out to dinner, then a walk. for the first time in a while, i love my life! :d
q:when are u turning 19? a:august 17th :)
thank you for the #ff :-)
that's too easy to turn around. so i'm just gonna say... yeah. i'm ok with that. :-)
go & follow >>> <<< please!! :)
ummm, going to church, eat candy, spend time with family, and eat candy! lol! you? :)
my cutie waiting to see the easter bunny! :) ~ #shesbeautiful
not looking forward to going to gym to run with a belly full of milky starbucks deliciousness. oh well. :)
it was ridiculous when i met at blogher. like...hi...could you just keep talking? please??? :)
scotland lol :)
:) glad i could share that link!
eh, you know...same old, same old. how the hell are you? long time, no chat. :)
lol milli. no blood. i can type & it didn't hurt. :)
u take a pot roast n the crock pot and add a jar of pickled peppers and garlic cloves... :d
goood looks hunnie ! /via > no problem :-) follow me back
i'm so happy spring is here!!!!!!!!! : )
i wouldnt dare slap my momma for my sour patch kids because if she was smart enough she would know i would have another bag muahahah :d lol
it is quite amazing...definitely an upgrade from my phone that only made calls... :-)
sure, no problem. :)
mandei por direct message :)
listening to the cure :)
why thank you :) i must say i enjoyed the typo ;)
first eight people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/sean/ryan need to follow/dm :)
y'all have a great weekend! :) txs!
thank you so much! :-) ...it's a work in progress! have a great weekend!
hahahah..no kidding! :)
i know :)
not long to go! please remember to tag and geotag your 4am photogaphs :) more info here:http://bit.ly/awfpde pls rt!
ahh yes, i didn't get the subtext at first, but upon re-reading, it revealed a world of wonder to me :)
first eight people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/sean/ryan need to follow/dm! :)
wild orchid only have like 20,000 plays on last.fm!! they're actually dead good for chill out music :)
any time, a pleasure, mickey :) i think u and are doing a super broadcasting job
good morning! :) おはようサマンサ☆ xoxo おはよ〜！
this tweet is for i think justin wore too much fuschia lipstick in ollg. :)
first eight people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/sean/ryan need to follow/dm!! :)
i heard that... think positive :)
i heart you sissy! love reading your tweets!! such a profound mind my lil one has : )
<-- goooooo seeee my april cover and interview for :)
please make a demi bg : )
wherever i go there i am! :)
i miss you :)
ha! yeah. i can pull little boys. u got it like that? :)
new followers!! tlk to me! old followers!! tlk to me! :)
:)
thanks for checking out our pillows! shipping rates are: 1-2 pillows: $8, 3-6 pillows: $15, 7-12 pillows: $30. hope that helps :)
hey! how are you? :)
thanks dude :)
next 10 people who follow im giving you 2 shoutouts each :) goo followww please<3<3
he didn't fall :| well atleast im back inside now :d
got it. :)
hello! my name is paul rogers :) taken by the missus! rock on!
you're so wonderful, just thought i would remind you of it :)
if u from another country, state or city ; hit us up !! well shout u out =)
follow me ? ! :d
thanks for the ted's props :)
omg omg the hills is starting up again april 27th! :) gives me something to look forward too every tuesday again<3
tremendously blessed. :) will we see you around anytime soon?
happyy birthdayyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) i hope you have a great birthday!
heading out to see hot tub time machine. time for a blast back to the 80's. :)
ah cool :d
well thank you. talk to you soon too. :)
cheryls going down on the list:o vote for her here keep voting!! let's doo it! #goteamcheryl :d
:) i watch that wl my god daughter when i be buggin wl her
thank you for the rt's :)
haha, that's weird, cos he's already in my house :) muhaha x
