we're ready!!!! :d
ineeda get tattedd by yuu asaap :d
i suggest tasty newcastle. :) (it was my reception, which explains why i remembered it. meant to type our instead of a before)
no need to connect nemore :)
appreciate the love :) pero u still soft but i'll keep that to myself !!! i aint tryna fight right now lol
friend's gtalk status: please upgrade from bs-iii to bs-iv emission norms. upgrade from classic milds to marlboro lights :-)
lol thank you :) see you later ;)
bigg shouttoutt to myy 420th followerr !! follow now now now :d :d :d :d
aww thankyou :d i just like makeing people smile . conserding i have no talent i need to be bubbly :d your awesomee x xd :)
merciiii :)
it's a barber shop! :p ab naam aisa rakha hai usnay hehe... :d
neveah..heaven..that's kinda cute :d
just sent a love letter to a friend, praying it's well received with an open heart for communication :)
well you can unfollow me cuz i don't follow people i don't know. thanks :)
have a safe trip evert :)
lol :)
thanks to our new followers! :)
#hiphopkitchen got me salivatin already! tasty rhymes and good food :)
it's an inside joke with a couple of followers. :-)
no way.. it is big time horrid.. i wish i cud sue em to end :)
oh well. we'll find other writing contests for you. :)
yeah, kinda like strolling through the day! like it doc, you have a good one :)
haha me neither! como fue que nos conectamos ?? lol! well we have 28 friends in common thou :)
baiklah.. i promise! to myself :) kiss kiss..rt can i give u an advice on that? better keep that promise to yourself, it works
meow :)
lol thats ok :) me to. >.< lol
yes, and all things considered, i find it holds up extremely well. i actually like the sequel, too. seriously. :)
you forgot trinidad :( it's 3:18 am here :d
sm sm nanit :d hehe thanks jg yaaaaa
both actually. :) lol. you?
skyos and a bad compile of irssi :) i wish it wasn't dead.
how cool would it be if followed me.. now! :) iloveyouuuu
i'm feb. 8th :) they kno we aqua folk rule the world lol
yeah he is one of my besties :)
i'm enjoying you enjoying rupaul :d i love how awkward pandora is about it!!!!
lol wass supp ? :)
good morning my fine folk :-)
problems done, we can hear you now! :-)
i like ur tweets :) alot of them make me laugh <33 but did you unfollow me? :(
okey dokey :)
you miss gemini male, don't you?? i'm gemini, eager to know mine :)
morning tim & aardvarks :-)
david!! it's saturday in california!!! follow me?! :d
sleep well. :)
peeeeses respond faster here then bbm :)
here visiting in west hollywood and you showed up on my twitter app as being near by! hope you're having a nice friday! :)
hey!how are u?can u please follow me?? :d
im from philippines. please follow me!!! :)
this bitches :) ----->>>>>http://tinyurl.com/yg6fywr
yeay! now, lets spread some love with til 6pm boys and girls. send your love songs here :d
yeah :)
yup, he's there :)
i hadn't voted but have now :) good luck !
don't you know it!! she's been awesome in everything she's done, but what a treat to see her on castle. :)
i wasn't ! i retweeted you . its my job :)
married to on fb :)
we got rid of our gas stove years ago too. our kitchen is too big for the rest of the house & i try to avoid cooking anyway. :)
party party let's all get wasted....tyku & ciroc baby =)
thanks and g'nite sweetie :) <3333 ya
to be honest i like the fact that the music does not overpower the spoken word, the word part was a lil fast tho, but good :)
well best of luck to you! can't wait to hear all about it :)
yep, i was a fan during the 2004 season. :) i've been a #nascar fan since 1991.
awww, how cute :) aren't they just cuddle bunnies, i love it :)
ahh, yeah, i remember :) we've got 2 weeks off school, so i've been avoiding all types of work. we're repainting the house! :d
yay! chuck and larry is on :)
follow back babe :)
the concept of me being far-left is laughable :)
yea he seems coo :)
thats because we #jasminators from all over the world love you! :) #jasminator
thanks will do :)
yeah, just a day, monday i'm gotta go to school for facing examination.. :) have u bought my worlds?
:) just finished up editing photos in album. now you can see what i am passionate about and why
thank god, u mention philippines :) we always support u here in the philippines. hope u could follow me :)
they've always been popular, at least in madras they were. it's one tennis and car crazy city mine. :)
freeeeaaakiiinnnnnnggg oooouuuuuttt!!! :d
i really love following you guys. anyone else want me to follow them before i go to bed? :)
where's venezuela ? :)
wadaw :d woman will lick the body of her partner making him tremble and then stimulate his genitals,giving him (cont)
hollaaaand! :) we're small but we rockkkkk :)
#gemini has the best sex eva!! nothing like it thus far! :-) <--- that's me!!!- lmao is smiling
happy birthday !! may you have a wonderful day. god bless :)
gonna go to alabang town center with fam then our province .. gonna stay there til tomorrow :d
^_^
that's great :) i have both cds you mentioned, they're great ;) thank you, l.o.v.e. ♥
well i'm off to bed. got a busy day tomorrow :)
yea.. it seems u r true kamath sir as z flying high 4 nothing :) or was it 100 most inflated(ego) ppl
ineeda get tattedd by yuu asaap :d
:) he will :)never give up :)
ohhh i see..well thats cool :)
lmaooo its ok, my plan gonna work lol you give it to mike, he give it to nik and she give it to me...easy :-) kinda lol
can anyone love me? :)
yay! notice new zealand! woot woot! :)
cereal is the best midnite snack :)
here visiting in west hollywood and you showed up on my twitter app as being near by! hope you're having a nice friday! :)
have u reached one utama? can't see u! :-)
quick, off to look for gold me: i have my gold laying in bed next to. :-) i'm not after anything. honest.
im sorry, but it is 3:10 am here and i am exhausted. goodnight :)
you read us! <3 how does it feel to be famous world wide? :)
=) and you're more than welcome!< :-d i'm tired, but can't pull myself away 4rm sex and the city!
awww i hate to hear that. here's a twitter hug. :-)
