im out twit world.. niiiiiiiiite :)
oh, yes i am. just full of anger :)
hahah no probbies and thanks :d
just chillin in nigi nigi again.. anyone join me? :)
is a liar she my buddy :) we chillin
not fair!!! >:( ship me one now!!! lol. jkjk. :) i have to wait 2 fricking months to get one. argh.
oh, haaay. thanks for following me :)
thanks man, definitely my intention... and to get my bike back on the road...lol g'night.. :d
lol yuss =)
thanks for all the #ffs yesterday. :) gonna return them as #sss when i'm on my laptop ;)
kk :) , lmaooo if i blowup you gonna put me back together
happy 18th birthday!!!!!! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) (there's 18 of them!) /via here here!!
that is a very special baby kiwi. just too darn cute! =)
setujuuu !! :) hehehert next destination is in 12 ... (cont)
you pretty much the definition of a true friend :)
hehhe :) was turning mre female heads tonite then males must have been doing (cont)
shoutout for shoutout ?? :)
photo: ily new pycnic top :)
yes everything is good. we'll chat on msn later or tomorrow or something. :)
posted with some chicks :)
i'm still chilling on bed. pleasure! :)
#nowplaying jesse mccartney how do you sleep :)
.. i'm in ottawa for my ex's wedding... :)
best of both worlds, beautiful :-)
i'm not, just had enough of it fuckin with my head jojo =\ how's the baby? :)
new soja ft gentleman remix up next :-) -@puunui #fb
you were alwaus part of it, q. :)
thank you everyone, but it ain't my birthday ... yet =) another 15 hours to go, hehe.
hksu no kecd :) << lol. thats so readable. well too me it is.
you the reason im eating them lol me too :) eating cookies =]
oh, crapulent, i have to follow someone named / yes, you do! :)
want to see someone following -4 people? :)
lol... user sent me comment email. i asked him to please comment on link. he replied- link is very nice and a bit long :d
thanks ya :) rtrank 31
okay ppl #thatsall . goodnyte =) caking time.
yup :)
there is :) and i love them all<33
at peace & cozy on the couch watching a rob & big marathon :) black lavender!
help us make #welovejasmine a tt :)
going to bed. ipad in the morning! :)
hahahaha i love you :)
goodnight peeps! maybe it is the jet lag from my travels.as we seemed to fly instead of drive! some peeps really need to lose my # tho! :)
rt: :) you gotta earn #iphone , u gotta be worth buying bb, what say?
aww good for you! :)
i won't be tweeting for the rest of the day 'cuz i'll be at a sleepover :)
omg you are a simply stunning woman. i'm so glad i stumbled upon you here :)
philippines! mahal kita! i know you are awake over there! = how sweet of u to say :) mahal din kita xd lol.
might be his mission too :) i supposed #tikshirt is ur career,not ur job?--»hihi kuterkena virus #cc
109 more followers till 5000 :)
hey shiva...wondering if there is a twitter community in doha...just moved in recently..hope to catch ppl on a tweetup :)
going bed after this song. its now 8:20am lol. :d allnighters ftw! another tdm game tomorrow. 22-1 with sam5000i
lmmaoooooo !!! i love ha yo ! yall cute !!! :) hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii sista real sistas yeaaaaa
petit week end sudiste, vagueo revient jeudi prochain :-)
i'll go w/ you to see it bff!! :-) lol
me too :)
i'll find it, lol! goodnight, love! l.o.v.e! i love you! :)
please.. follow :) she's new!
finishing! :-) but i'm yet old for that! :-/
thanks for that :) reach for the moon! you have some fine writing skills so keep it up!
i'm okay :) can't chat either. internet is very expensive here, so i just check my dms and mentions a few times. have a great time
:) you gotta earn #iphone , u gotta be worth buying bb, what say?
oh, nevermind. not ready for all of that. =) also, make the kids find their own eggs to dye. you worked hard for yours! ha ha
christian horner slating martin whitmarsh & lh there :-) fair play to him :-d
i love you hariza <3 can anyone love me? :)
hope u get some rest. :)
yeah enjoying time with myself :)
'cause you can't, you won't, and you don't stop #relevantbeastieboyslyric #redeye // my fave from them :)
was gudie. i'm jus hittin up mcdonalds bout to get me sum grub grub :) u?
thanks! :d
*blush* ^_^ \\ aww! your too cute! ^_^
good morning :)
my sifer and i at dinner last night :) good times
hmmm, think i'm good. ta :) coffee next week?
may have just watched #adventureland for the billionth time, so much win. bill hader, kristen wigg, kristen stewart you can't go wrong :)
thank you :)
home relaxing going to sleep =) done for the night ,ready for tomorrow ...sweetdreams....
sometimes i don't feel like walking, so i make enormous people carry me around. let's go get a lollypop. :)
yeah :)
nick says thank you to all the birthday wishes :)
watching stargate universe, i'm such a geek :)
lol i'm as anxious as a lil kid on #christmas #dontjudgeme :)
got to see my :)
morning, how are you? :)
its saturday in england! and its my birthdaay :d xxx.
what a strange day. sleeping for a couple hours then opening blue z in the morning- goodnight :)
thanks :)
plan cancelled she's not at home lol =)
did u listen to some johnny o? :)
yeah :d
:)
we're covering it :) anything todo with aots viewer army or vvm should go through the gang incharge of it. :)
whaaaa!? i wouldnt call it evil... just... extremely naughty :d
 phone wt :) bbw
of course, i don't actually expect you to respond -- addressing the concerns of us users is below you, right? :)
goodniiiiight twitter :)
: ) though coffee may be ~ your preferred drink ~ i know a few ~ who drink my #chai #haiku #haikuthrowdown lolz
#shoutout to shee a badd hunniiee =)
... ha!!!! thanks for the on the trojan post! :)
hi are you there..pls dm me your number..am planning to go out & check on bikes today..wanted to speak before that :)
immuh inject yoo with that stuff they put in that dude on law abiding citizen lls. watchn yoo die will be funn. :d ♥
do u see your indonesian fans tweets? :d
это какой-то глюк чувак даже себя не читает)) want to see someone following -4 people? :)
no! on sunday :)
aseekkk thank you :drt: kewl! rt: what about my new twitter's bg ? :)
got a comic about affandi, one of indonesia's famous painters, from mr. hendra, the owner of bakoel wayang. thank you sir! :d
i know what you mean, my husband's family are from pampanga, and i love the way they cook. kare kare is my fav. dish. =)
thank you all for the follow fridays :d
yep i'll be there :) hopefully we'll be able to meet up.
sometimes i don't feel like walking, so i make enormous people carry me around. let's go get a lollipop. :)
i had the perfect night tonight. nice seeing u... words cannot express how great the night was. only knows :)
i know...it is so different when u know a bunch of other bhs at a show. vegas is gonna be like a family reunion. :)
that's how i feel about you. :)
i'm glad to reply it, honestly. fill and ask me anything :)
rofl! you are damn funny dude, faster run there and come back! :d
thanks! it's actually not that good compared to some of the other entries. there are some really fabulous ones out there! :)
people are stupid and i hate them sometimes. :)
it's predictable but you can't put it down once you start it. :)
gud afternoon ! 1 of those days when everything seems a blur ! a bit out of sorts. will b back home 4 a day tom 4 easter. lookin forward :)
it's today =)
ahhh ok... just know that you're all over this show! (4 songs in rotation with you in it) smh... lol <tee hee :)
morning! yes, let's hope so. :-)
i unfollow all,sorry. refollowed ya. follow back? :d
dont forget the philippines =) :p filipino fans loves you jas !
well, no. haha still able to see and speak. i actually become more alliterate when im drunk. lmao sooooooo yeah. :d fun fun fun!
yesss!!! that's my hubby :) ♥torresrt@irockumentary: goal torres waktu laga lfc vs sun, masuk world's best goals versi one stop football :d
wassup thou :)
mmm i sure am :)
the boobs are all here in lax. :) wootwoot! no babysitting, let's drink!
nice seeing too :)
heey wanna follow me back pleasee ?? :)
yeah definately :d
terimakasih buat 28 unfollowers :) lebih baik begitu ya, silahkan unfollow yang gak suka tapi tak usah di caci maki hehe
people can't take a joke, it was cute. but i like biebesinmyheart because it's original and true, haha. :)
most important ..hell yeahh airplane engine... must b huge responsability!! do it carefully heheh wanna travel the world :)
thanks for the follow :-)
hehe.. have a poll and u wud know wat ppl think.. :)
if you want me to listed you 5 times :) xo
yes that would be great if i do :)
me! :d
i love telling you what clearly is the truth :)
dude " genises "
is one of my favorite videos. : )
you're welcome :)
you've got a lot to look forward to, right? :) <3
p songkarn :d say hi ka. today can't go anywhere in bkk :(!! mai pen rai yoo bann chill gor dai wannee
:) <3
on my way to work *cries*« don't forget ur brolly :) x
soda is so violent to my throat , thats why i fucks with the country time lemonade #allday :)
it's time. i'm happy for you. :)
here visiting in west hollywood and you showed up on my twitter app as being near by! hope you're having a nice friday! :)
:) thanks!
may have just watched #adventureland for the billionth time, so much win. bill hader, kristen wigg, kristen stewart you can't go wrong :)
what's your favorite animal!? please follow me!!! :) please!
no problem...you know you've always been one of my favs, #duh lol =) ← aww thanks ! i ♥ u ! xx
going to put on some music and try once more to call it a night. later, friends. :)
lol- you need a holiday :)
late? i've just begun my evening! : )
dead center :) so like a little to the left of vic. mike is so hot. hahaha
it keeps me entertained. :) your website is nifty. i like it. <3
well a friend! haha like brittany or something? lol thanks. :)
:)
what's your favorite animal!? please follow me!!! :) bgtvrd
come meet me 4-24 in torrance,ca! i luv my fans!! more info at womenofperfection.com. please spread the word :-) xoxoxo
today at 10:00 or 11:00 a.m will come my daddy :) yayy excidet <3
and to you! you off to bsb? hope you're gonna keep us updated on the results! :-)
*hotness* thanx :) big s/o to finally met her fine ass!
yay today im going to the beach so i woke up early. i dont know if ill be able to tweet :s bye :)
the html 5 demo is not quake, it's quake ii, the first with hw rendering. but, max of 10fps for a 13 yo game?! :d
safe journey 4 tomorrow xx« thanks hunni :-) x
sure :d a9lan i told him once innoh if he did sth wrong fi 7aqha beddi as7aqoh :d
sure will hun! : )
aww you really have made my day :d im lucky to have you following me :d your aweeesommee :d xx
yea can u dm it 2 me :)
thats super one. will be having new orleans seafood. enjoying #beer :)
mogguh hans, ja lachu he :-)
lol awesome =)
i love me some robin thicke :) #nowplaying when i get you alone ----
omgggggggg so sexyyyyyy like it's my first time seeing em =) #truestory
:) good. i do my mommy bought em in like novemberish...and now they have new ones out smh....where've you been!!!
aw, that's so cute! :)
thank u babe!!! :)
and i think love is similar. love isnt always easy. love is an adventure. with ups & downs, all worth it if it's with the right one :)
the lego boardroom table: -rt //fantastic! i would get dizzy though! :-)
(*blushes) thx guys :) told u! haha ;) she's pretty hot! :) lounge, just met
lies? never...exaggeration? maaayyybe. lol \\ lol haha ^_^
show tonight was great :) crazy busy though! no time to hardly talk to anyone :( 5 days off starts now! going to my friends' for easter yay!
up early to head of and return the car and then into town to watch the football. :)
jbiebs is not a tt but #jonasbrothers are...? :] finally justice!!! :d <3
yay! #jonasbrothers is a tt! and justinbieber not :d
i'll give you some. :d
come on the spurs. good that hutton is missing. last thing we needed was a scot with fire on belly. am going to wembley. :) #coys
bahahaha :d lol waaaks, gue jg mau ! ahahart nads beliin tmpt tdr baru buat gua (cont)
te contesto? :)
we love u too! hence the extra pickles! :-) i love you thank you for the extra pickles!
ask me anything!! :)
cheesecake from the cheesecake factory & vanilla chai tea! :-)
alright. just hit me up if you ever want to talk. :-)
q:i will make a formspring too :) a:cool!
you should forward your 2007 in preview to . i think he might enjoy it :-)
you gave my homies ali and haley goodnight kisses earlier. i'm tired and would like a goodnight please :)
tell us something we didn't already know :d
