swap your squats for portions of easter bun, and your runs for minutes of tv and i reckon we're just about on par... :-)
follow me & i'll follow u :)
thank youu :)
i love my bestie :) needed that talk tonight.
:'d please. go. out. with. him. :d
brooklyn in da house !!! << u know it :) lol **i miss bk**
did i see that is in town yeah buddy :-)
i just readd your lonqq paragraphh i really respect youu ; you keep doinq you thinq . im behindd you all the wayy . :) l0l !
that's my girl :d
kbbq is the nest is it not? :d
i love how you think girl :)
this if you love :)
sorry but i have to move on and leave you behind :d
:-( u sure? ill call u tomorrow if u want me 2 :-)
i speak spanglish; not spanish. for example; me guusta new pictuuro :)
you know have missed seeing you in movies, saw your name and thought i'd share that. hope all has been well with you. :)
no two wrongs don't make a right but two negatives make a positive. :)
pretty much the same as before, hahaha. so where you from? :)
miss you too!!! i hope work is going well and you will be able to start earning those frequent flyer miles again. =)
my tweets aren't about you. if they apply, then so be it. so continue not answering :)
bahaha i thought you were the real one at first then i realised, ahaha goood one :)
haha! not even close xd dont give up! :d < hunny are you kidding me!!!!! rotflmao i had it!!!
is becoming a better person day by day. her anger problems are gettin under control. i'm so proud of her :)
i understand. take your time. twitter's a dynamic social community. we all find solace here after hard day's work. cheers! :-)
that's me :)
your welcome :)
18 or 19? lol :d its not like youre 25 or anything yet! haha you're still pretty young childdd! :d
don't worry...nobody read my tweets anyway lol so yo secret technique is still a secret ^_^
i'm such a fag... is so much cooler. :)
lmao that's cool :d haha! lol!
beer is like 10lb... let me drink it :)
hee hee thanks ;) wat a hawtie! :)
that's great :) he's following me too
chillin & talking to you :)
i felt a need to share with what you shared with me. :)
blog posted, after a 2-month silence! enjoy, tweeps :d
trip down memory lane. yup. hopefully you guys enjoyed it too :) england is definitely my favorite place...
not much watching hsm :) hbu?
already the service canceled :)
happy birthday, kavia. and here's to many more years of good health, happiness, curiosity and enthusiasm. god bless! :)
lol worddddd :)
a little cloud/sunset pic from tonight. i miss taking these... :)
and the trifecta is complete: now they're on to hospitals and medicare. :)
hey baby well rested tonight? :)
my church has a easter egg hunt for the kids on sunday i may go over and watch :)
follow if you want a shoutout from moii :)
yay! glad it helped someone :-) i didn't know if anyone had read it. i learnt that tip from and its worth thousands
i do too! she's amazingly talented :)
well its easy for it to get out of control (with sm).. i must be old, i'm getting tired already. :d
we are :) we're sisters.
i read them everytime i watch the video...so a few times a week. gotta keep that view count up! : )
q:ah nice! that must have been fun :) a:it was nice to finally sit on the beach!!!
duh #backinhighschool it was the shit :d
if you're anything but a p.a.f.c and/or lakers fan ..#juststfu cuz i don't care what you have to say about it :)
:-) i've never heard of them before.
nice picture :)
kakakku yg diundang, aku cuma nemenin daaaan.. went only for the food hihihihihi :d
-cap'n crunch's crunch berries cereal!!! yummy!!! :-)
oh okay sure :)
i would be the luckiest daughter in the world and i will say to all people that my dad is great :)
finnna get on baby :)
just met adam from the food network eating at the dim sum truck :) so excited!!
#nowwatching pretty woman :) richard gere is foxy!
i have way better conversations in dm's cause i say a lot more. so that's the place to talk to me about anything! :)
it's mostly undergound progressive house. let me know what you think.. :) www.soundcloud.com/djjoshabrams
thank you girl!!!....you held it down!!!!!...i had fun!<<thank u :)
likewise! had a marvy time :)
im only allowed on twitter and skype and yahoo right now :)
haha that's precisely why :)
thank you za! :)
katherine's hands are as small as mine. :)
thankyouu so much for following me your amazing :d
plz. follow me back :d
i will keep both for the time being, but i'll use the other one more :)
who were my unfollowers ? :) tell me pleeaseee <3
facon bacon fo yo strawbelly :)
thanks, i followed you too :)
ohh lolll good onee! your getting good at this. looks like im not the only one with old vocab huh? jk :)
awww!! :d just picked a pretty flower off of a bush for me and got stuck by a thorn! what a sweet bf <3
you made my day with this one! thanks love! #ff, trust me, it will be great fun! :)
#ff ! she's so close to 3000 followers, and she's awesome, so why not? :)
it feels very strange, but i've done it before so i expected it :)
yay! :d i got cherry bomb stuck in my head now! lmao!
point taken but no points taken off for going off on a tangent, on geometry puns. ha, take that brat :-)
have fun! :) soo cool, i wish to complete her cds too. hehe :) i only have one cd, a couple of magazines :)
no problem :) glad you had such a great day. mine was also really amazing when i met her!
#jonasbrothers face, my mom told me i was crazy, and yep, i am, i'm crazy for you :)
dropping kaelyn off at home , then house , hair shop in the morning :) ,
haha ;] come in july tho so you can go to disneyland for my birthday :d
just got off the fone wit my mommy n my boo lol i hope he knoes i'm thinking about him :)
love u too :)
home , chillllen . you know what`s beeen going thru my mind ? i want a boyfriend , pass the word onto :d
kiss me should not be angry . uncle a said that . =)
#juststfu & kiss meee :)
heck of a week. mapping out tomorrow... err later today. trainer in 4.5 hours til the sun comes up, then hit the road. nite folks :)
awesome, spring break rocks :) it was 2 weeks ago for me
finally changed the background & colour theme of my profile page :)
yes i had a nice friday thanks , yes here too we got for easter a long week end :)
oh woww so proud of u :) dimana video nya? i wanna check it out, i'm pretty sure u guys will get a call back, kbrin yah xx
:d life's like this... good stuff never has many takers, average has lots :(
aww ! thanks your the best !! :) lol how u been ?
their personalities together are just too much! i love it! :)
because i dont know :) lets just talk in here ;) i'll try to go on msn tommorow <3 or another day. or next day! haha <3
lol awesome br as always. :)
thanks have fun bust all the cool get low moves for me :)
thanks for following me! :) so how are ya?
just wondering should the kids watch parents fight? or am i offtopic? sent with well wishes. :) type shows no emotion.
thank youuuu :)
thank u :)
sureee. :)
you're all i need :)
good job on that :)
no babe........drenched!!! ;) moist. :)
time to plan the wondercon saturday schedule :d
*kisses you on the cheek* :)
okaaaaaaaaay :) so the first one who can answer this questiion gets a personalized bg :) ==> whats the name of justins dad ?
..p'raps u mite need to add something in front of that :) (via
wow! its late good nite tweeps :-)
shoutout for shoutout!? :d
its cool. ima get n nat ass next game! =)
thx for the #ff, back at ya!! it's only 10 here so you're not late!!! :d
it was against the warriors, regardless, it's a little tainted. :-)
wow u r eating japan? u must have a
really really big appetite :) makan japon...
i almost bought malbu rum tonight. but i got tequila. malbu rum is yummy i love it =)
haha, yea it does bug me but i suppose that's what fb is for haha.or u could try twitlonger =)
lol..i'm not listening right now..gonna wait till sunday. too busy finishing up my scrapbook :)
thank you for praying for us! we will keep you guys posted! :)
you can get our april 2010 desktop calendar (w/ or w/o calendar) here: :) enjoy!
i love that fukkin hat on you :)
thank you for the #greyflannelfriday mention :)
next 10 people who follow get added to the list im sending christian to follow/dm you ! hurry and go! :)
cashew and almond butters are soooo yummy. :d
i have another 2 hrs :) but thank u chica!
one more game :) hello playoffs. my name's vancouver canucks. can i speak to division title please? yes, i'll hold.
yeah! i'm disappointed that you've just now seen gidget. step up your beach movie game. live on the beach with kahuna :d
thank you :) wha u up to tonight
i went to rotorua zoo once when they had cubs and we were allowed to play with them :d
admit it! you love dicks :d
awwww honey thank you baby :) me too it's so dope! haha ok babe :) n thank u. glad you likes! kisses
just saw that "jesus is a mac" he is tweeting with tweetie, :d #apple #mac
i was wearing red but i guess that counts :) haha you should hav went wiff her.....
aww thanks hahaha im getting hate but...whatever :)
good night grá =) ' td bom flor ? s2
well, ima bout to go! byebye :)
girl talk with mommy :) yay! its her bday today!
tom! :) always have a smile on my face because i'm first in all your posts. miss you and ((@kimberlekelly))
yooo come innn =)
thank you for your love! xoxo :)
otw mandi :) otw lapiss :)
ahhhhh you better lol you my new twitter love :)
aaandd of course i love my honey ceeeeeeeeeeeee! :)
yup :) #nowplaying wish it would rain by phil collins .. perfect song for #bangalore !
i want u to sing to me :) hahaha that would b really cute
f0llow my m00se :) -->> <<-- -->> <<-- my hubbiie
#teamtakeyourgirl
lol , minajradio aay ? i think ima join & listen :)
thanks for the rt! re: reformer, so cool. "fab for the abs." should be a tagline. ha. :-) i'm envious!
now we live for the last time for a while so catch me while youu can :) (broadcasting live at
my granny gave me a whole sweet potato pie :-)
knight to my two favorite guys who have my hellish week bearable, lets do it again next week :)
awww thank youuuu :) im finally done posting the relationships =/ after 3 hours.
glass of cold milk :)
dont matter u should be sleep qettin ur rest somehow riqht? ! call ur boo.! =)
lets get to 33,000 followers :d go follow her she's amazing!
1 day until i turn 21 on april 4th :d
stop pouring water on ur adire front wig :) #nowpouringwater..rt yawn....dat was dry :) #aye
who's awake? tweet me =)
unfollowr is a good twitter account :)
who have msn? :) send me your email pleasee:)
already gave "smize" n number :d give ur best wink and a smile :p (*omg! lucu bgt yg lewat depan studio ini ksh senyum)
mmhmm... you can wag your tail. :)
both here and in kelowna :)
justin tv .. :)
hahaha only one more follower :) unless someone unfollows.
:) thanks.......
thank yu followers :-)
lmaooo haha....i've done that.....just now!! haha :) ->rt #signsthatimbored ... i reread my text messages ...
im not mad! i know you reply whenever u can! :) i love ya no matter what! :) <3
thanks! they smell like the popsicle stick right after eating an orange popscicle. light, sweet, tasty! :)
nope! up the bulls :) playing like shit though. #super14
excited to model tomorrow for a fubulous hair shoot. :) and i'm in dire need of color & a little tlc of the hurrrr!.. perfect timing!
thank you for #ff mentions :) 2 u also
oh i was just giving you suggestions since you were bored!! just tryna help :-)
oh yah haha def cuzzo love u :) you must remember your n az n u better b coming out here for my graduation
i'm here in the line! come find me! hahaha. :)
i unfollowed you too;) thanks sweetie! :)
thanks :) hmm tk featuring tk? lollllll
follow her crazy self, too! ha. :) #ff my wild and crazy friend
thats fine.. cant wait to see u host raw..im sure u will be a great host :) love the stars in ur hair ..u definetly are a star
#interesting and #ironic =)
toooooooo aqui no twitter gente :)
i am sooooo jealous :) i heart
so nice meeting all of you today! see you tomorrow! :)
thank lil mama. friends in town, gotta do it big! :-)
alright i got you. if nothing changes; i'm sorry. lol. pero don't let that upset you. your beautiful anyway. that won't change :)
i have 10 days off, so i am good, just trying to relax, might go to vegas :) ♫
oyy, michelle has been asleep the last few hours and i'm bored! wake up, you must entertain me!! :)
thanks for all the #ff errrybody.i appreciate it :)
look at my page and see how it looks :d
good night! thanks and love in jc! : )
go follow <<< they need 2 more followers until 100 :)
