that is a good tradition. :d
just saw sam from the western force eating sushi :) was talking to him about his injury last night at the game bless him
‎​‎​‎​‎​(y)™sip(y)™sip(y)™. laper nech... :d thanks ya.. :d happy b'day!! :) iya, hhehe..
can u make me a background? :) only if u want to.
(( :d <3 we just had an exchange without words xp ))
can i throw an ipad out the window? :)
#lol! thanx for the #specialcoffeebrewfriday #nosugarneeded #ff! :d
friday trend yes, but not a wednesday-through-friday trend :)
not really good :( hbu?? sis, gw ke acc yg yah :)
some of it may or may not be video of the encom setup with glados style commentary. i have no idea. but- presents! :d
oh yay! /gives you sticker. :d good job! xd
already signed it ! :)
thanks :)
well, tomorrow i plan on lounging in the sun.. opening the pool... anything outdoor :)
and thank you for the opportunity! =)
lmfao u kno wat makes me happy :)
so i'll get you to 3565 and you'll get me to 3156? :)
gonna go take alot of quizzez now :)
ooh. terrific.it? that's a good one. :)
yea really :) then open ur eyes haha jk ;)
trying to clean house a little...if you are following me and i have accidentally unfollowed you, please let me know. :)
i really liked clash of the titans :) great storyline & effects. it has pegasus horses in it , magical :)
thanks! i'm having alot fun. we will...we're not drinking or gambling...just having fun people watching, seeing the strip :)
i don't know her number kaya! maya mga afternoon in eastwood :)
hey, everybody... cheer on. she's 500 words from the end of her third chapter. :)
way to not reply 25462 hours ago. :)
where are u i'm at static =)
fact: life's what you make it is one of my all time fav hannah montana songs! :) great memories.. <3
hello bandung!! nice weather! performing at paris van java later for the launch of fossil watch! please come by and sing a long with us! :)
"clash of the titans" was... amazing. it's a must see. :)
the beautiful coors light models will be at tgifridays in sheepshead bay tomorrow night for the final 4 bball party #comecheckme :)
i got chu :-)
other 4followers r indi names :)
uncharted 2 platinum achieved! :d
so its nearly 6am and im not even tired. im more hungry than tired. gonna get some food, brb :)
ohhhh i had some b&j :)
fearnet is substitution for library horror movies because i'm too lazy to go this weekend. thanks thanks so much!! :)
yooo; entertain me :)
haha my bffs are you and :d
it is taking forever to get home tonight...thanks for making my drive a little less boring. #legitphoneconvo :)
at aunty's house, don't know what to do lol :d
pretty good thanks. i'm just lounging, watching a little wrestling :) did you work today?
yay!! always good to help find a solution! :)
lonely last cupcake :) toystreet was great!
thank you. :)
ask them they may be flattered by a shirt just ask one of the guys or or :)
ik :) ahah he sometimes makes me mad. lmfao
dont be shy girls ;) u can say some naughty things .. i would say ; uhm .. yummy baha :d jk jk jk jk haha
really? then i won't change it :d you have a beautiful smile. is your hairdresser on twitter? s/he deserves a mention. nice!
awwwwwww! bro and sis. love them :) and
#nowplaying olive & an arrow & the administration :)
thank you!!! you too! :)
had a lovely coffee with of dear literary ladies today...great day overall! now...off to write, to read, and to bed :)
thanks for the rt! :)
follow back please :)
your welcome! had fun :)
i wuld begg her to lets switch places & if she dnt she will be sleeping nxt to a gun jus saying ^_^ lol
thank you for all the #ff love everyone! ^_^ ... welcome! new followers!
bored? ask me stuff :) please..
this song is coming together =)
awww :) i'm glad u like it love my hair... thanks to
laying in bed, about to fall asleep. watching :)
:) u make me so happy... i just want you to know that
haha :d ok, stop frowning and give the happy monster a hug ;)
please go follow shes awsome :)
thanks! glad i made you proud. :) so maybe there's a connection. do infuse... become influential! #kidmin
yes it is very cool :)
apologies. i seem to have missed that. all the b gata h kei spam :d
your so funny >>>> :d
if you want to co-own my account :)
i dont need too much , nothing else , i swear . just a follow to her ---> <---- tweet me after you doo :)
thanks once again debbie! enjoy painting and creating wonderful art! :-)
thanks :)
never make fun of the geeks, one day they will be your boss :)
thanks for unfollowing. i unfollowed too :)
have fun hitting up lookout! one of my favorite places to cycle :)
#ff :)
ok! take care, sweet dreams! u're awesome, nice talking to u too :d! my amazing new friend :d
so sorry :) >> awesome, love! i just ordered a case.
if you want to co-own my account :)
hi! happy spring :) how are you doing??
thanks boo boo :)
same. effin bored :i haha. so what do you wanna talk about? lmao. :d
thanks so much happy bday trag! wishing u the best! enjoy it :)
you know what. you and are the good role models :) and i hope you'll notice me someday` <3
#wearefearless :)
haha awh thanks :)
all 85 eppisodes of hannah montana are on all easter :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
#shoutout to all my new followers..come shine with me!! #smooches =)
club chicken is the best chicken! ask martin luther kang he'll tell you the same :)
wowhha thanks for your help! :d
can i have a shoutout pleaseee i really want 6,500 tonight :d
hehe you're getting reprimanded for bad-pressing adobe™ :)
i'm ok. :) could be better
well we beat river plate! but lost the next game.. i am still hopeful :) (@nathanlatka live at )
nice 1 :)
sudden want to watch powerpuff girls :d
hello :) hi lex
in 9 minutes i get to watch the next spartacus. i'm just saying. :)
