thank you :)
goodnite tweeps :) everybody be safe out there ... drink responsibly ♥!
yessir! probably tomorrow or sunday! yayy thats wassup...yu gona post em? =) i bet they look they nice tho =)
aha i am :) yup. iv not slept all night its now morrning .. haha!
all my bitches i lovee to fuck cuz they nasty they nasty =) lols
and loads of sexy topless spanish men, not that we noticed :)
wheres lala & take yo ass to sleep . dont gotta sleep . thats my bitchh :)
korean :( younger? :d heechul's ideal girl: likes girls who has nice legs,can cook well,preferably korean,likes younger women
positivity amigo :) time to prepare for the next season
youll have the best dressed washing lin in the county now just need weather for pegging out :)
*dead* janet jackson forgets the words to the national anthem. :)
i miss you too pretty girl. how are youuu? :)
follow: :-) thanks!
i saw!! :d i subbed back because i love those videos ahaha
im up :o haha its afternoon here :) hahah follow me pls ? :)
im here! ohh. good thing that your back :d can you follow me back? please =(
 nada abt to sleeep. :-) yu wats good tho ( word, =[ aiite good night hun
south park y hot dogs :)
well thats good to no :)
lol told my mom how pathetic dorks are sending me gifts right now. she loled :) send more to princesskessa@gmail.com :)
black and white affair! " saturday april 3rd, 2010. located the castle! in riversideee tomorrow :) with
1)planning to go around the world 2)tour dates and details will be up soon :)
thanks :)
always a pleasure. keep up the awesome content. :) #followfriday
ty :d and if u need help let me know im good with html :d
awwe thanks :)
no problem at all. great time as always :)
thanks love!! =)
masih ni. :) happy weekend! tonight is easter eve! btw, masih tetap syuting hari ini? gbu
#followmusic thank you :)
oh, he woke me up when he was done with your theme. :) i didn't even know you had it. :p
haha thanks.. :d how r u ?
can't wait to post something as 'chat' :d
that used to be my gmail status long time back :)
hey its been a min! hope every1 is well! had a wonderful meeting 2day then shopping & a fabu dinner w/ :) what did u all do 2day?
:/ sadly, in my case, it doesn't seem like anyone else needs to be there, i may be asexual lol gotta love the internet :d
roast is on. :-) which means i'll either have to do the muffins after dinner or tomorrow.
you may not like me, but jesus thinks i'm to die for :) happy good friday !
todayyy is mine&helen's one month!! today will be an amazing day! :) babe, you are my one and only :)
your friend is insane... and therefore awesome :d consider your link retweeted
im up :o haha its afternoon here :) hahah follow me pls ? :)
watched guess who last night its hilarious! one of my favourite movies :)
i'm willing to bet would concur. :) i don't think he's so much into the games, though? on pc? a lot of prob thr
you guys ask really good questions :)) > formspring me if u dare :)
thanks! :d haha. and there was a 5% discussion of ax with jenki. haha so idk still.
maybe u should come to my party :) i'm a romantic. so roses on the bed, (cont)
29 more please help :)
good morning sweetie :)
thx ian the #ff back with love :) have a great easter!
hey :) im good, chu? :]
i will check them out :-)
fine hows yours? :)
she said she loves you tooooo :) tell your mommy i said hello & i love her pwease !
top, dae, && youngbae :d
lol but y ? its wonderful to break night ! :)
watching tv and tweeting :) so what's a layout? (:
<<---follow now !! :)
awe i'm sorry!! i love yazz :d
goodnight! follow them ---> :)
another suggestion is nars sheer glow :)
thank you sa (: happy anniv ya dan :)
hehe nope your not alone, it's a great product :)
here's my pic of the great looking 2011 hyundai equus plz pick me up a vehicle at #nyas :)
cool so have fun in the night whatever you are doing :)
i love that song :)
everyone follow my 8,000th follower ~~~> :)
well imma try and get on more so we can taaalk :) i know i saw that omgoshhh wooottt. :)
ha! :) checking out at hotel cafe. she's rockin' the mic, and deepak chopra follows her. i'm just sayin.'
well at least i'm flying alitalia, delays are "daily fresh delivered", you gotta know :)
meeeee *please follow me :)
i got u babe trust me and u can sing 2 me if u want :)
i guess its about that time. ciao :-)
i wish your heart is cold right now :)
yes indeed.. thx win :d nice..!! whooooaaaaa....
why hello my sashettes :)
i am! <3 you should reply :)
i slept in my sisters bed tonight... i slept not
really good and long. that's why i'm awake ^_^
haha, true. that would be so cool if you got to, i bet you would be an awesome actress! :)
currently getting sweet tea and fries from mcd, it's midnight!!! =)
nahh my badd hun i was doinq sumthing !! && thanxx for the love i appreciatee iht alott! =) *
cool makes sense. love the magazine by the way :) happy easter to you too
still waiting u 2 follow me :)
awww he text me :)
loveyougirlswitheveryredmonkeybuttiveeverseen :)
happy birthday to my brother danny :d
hellooo!! :) i was told to follow you, so let's see how this goes.
look at this thanks to she got me watching her! :)
i see. it's a big deal any way to have it published. good luck! :)
feeling so much better! parents are now sick with the same symptoms! spreading the love :d
ok, i'll start thinking and writing, thanks :) and add some pictures too
hmm...in korean, we could know boy or girl before they are born...anyway...if girl is born...ashely..i like ashley judd :)
if i take one more drink, im gon end up fuckin yoooouuuu.....is that what you want me to do? aha : ) #nowplaying > my jaaa
you retweet way too much tila stuff, that i don't want to see on my timeline, no offense :)
first 5 to tweet me will be on my "love u" list :)
damn as soon as i open my eyes from a long night of rest, niggas pass me a blunt. talk about wake and bake :) liiiiife.
#shoutout2dagirlz all day everyday!!!! i ♥ bad bitches :) goodnight...again. we love u somaya !
thank you! :)
hello twitter :d
i had a great time at the beach today. :) my friends...are...thee...best!
