i'm feeling these songs... really feeling them... mikey is actually distant family :)
thank u love :d
my mum said 'i have the flu', i said 'no, you caught the bieber fever' :)
blessings and peace and a very happy holiday to you as well dear friend :-)
2000 lebih followers!! makasih buat semua perhatiannya. maaf tweetnya kadang suka bikin kalian sedih :) hehe love ya
i gotta come pay that ass a visit : )
head under water... and you tell me to breath easy for a little while :)
:) gm :) #chai gang
needs to follow :)
thank you kindly ma'm =)
anyone but that neo-confederate dweeb joe wilson for #sc02! and looks to be a good choice for dems :-)
q:guess which 1 i am! we've tlked before! :) a:shoot i hate guessing ...why won't you just t...
okay and ill get my lubrifiant :d
hahah i'm coming over for some ramen noodles i got the hot sauce :)
one more thing . damn ! i just noticed i got 2,134 views on my youtube video :d
nightt :)
it's all about friendship. if you take care your friendship, and then your friendship will be okay :)
can you follow me? :) please, is one of my biggest dreams. ;)
whats up :)
i say us fans, make a video; all of us say something and ill edit it. amazinggg :d
help owl city win! :d
and i really dgaf ; :)
thankyou <3 i appreciate that ! :) #shoutout to for bein a real chick cause they're hard to find #ff
talking to the hottest girl ever on chatroulette. she's not a fake video either :)
me :) it's 9am in germany :d follow me pls?! <3
heyy wussup letss revive it together =)
today i'll be potting on the herbs, flower arranging, typing up new menus for tues & buying lots of cream eggs to give away this weekend :-)
had some funn talkin on stickam with the bafffs :) haha i loove those giirlss. and two creeeper boys.
it's keep on dancing right now.. keep on dancin and a prancin :)
thanks :)
let's just say even donald trump would grimace at the amount. :)
can you follow back? need 2 people to reach 950 :d
i seem to be in good company :)
#f1 qualifying is set to start in less than an hour... always fun :) watching bbc pre-qualifying show :) time for michael to wake up...
awwww i'm so happy you like them. i have more little things on youtube.com/laurenlegato i'll be releasing new songs soon :-)
haha this is sickk :)
still waiting u 2 follow me :)
happy birthday!!!! :)
just left house.. i missed her so much! :)
:) @drmasquerade honestly ade, your happy, welcoming ways are a breath of fresh air in our busy world.
currently listening to serious :) hope your doing well jasmine. happy early easter :)
lol thank you i think i did pretty good! :) it was a hot show
---random questions :) go watch if your bored or curious lol
i could not find your tweet to reply to it. :) replying. #boringtweetsorry
wakeee up & cake with me :)
left the club tree climbing time :)
888 dm's i likeee that number :) x
home sweet home tired as hell... sleep time =)
femme dat love femmes!!!! whooo hoooo :)
follow me back pleas? :)
oooh my :d
love you too! :)
alright! well you deposit the money in my account and i'll be sure that i win that contest! :)
hmmm....well then welcome to #teaminsomniac! :)
clear as mud now. anyways. bed for me. early breakfast meeting. nite. both of you. :)
please follow me :) i love you and love your song #serious :)
cek pulsa 3 gimana? yg tau dong please thanks :)
would luv to catchup in april when u here. foodie, geek n travel talk :)
hahaha :) love it
lol, :d i was going to! and then i wanted to see what he was doing, because when i last checked he was just
me =) can you please follow me? <33
and yes, if and when i do purchase an ipad, i will most certainly continue to use my macbook pro (and windows 7, tyvm). :)
we might be :)
you just said "i was awesome" which means you arent awesome anymore :p try "i am awesome" correct grammar there :)
awww diamonds!!!! wassup? thnkx for the s|o greatly appreciated :)
wk on urself everyday, invest in ur ^_^ & success ur life ~ #lorimoreno #quote :)
also good. :d where r u from? :d
well it's already tomorrow. :)
thanks for re tweeting it now i gave you a shout out ^_^
of course not. :)
on my way to glasgow :) then babysitting tonight :) how fun!
driving with scotty :)
help owl city win! :d
yes gladly hahaha i love peaches :)
you're working there now? awesome! :d
#nowplaying everything is everything phoenix :d
hah :) not much, just chilling :)
of course you'll be... :d
how are you?? :)
lol it was greaaaaat too :) lol
on my first train.. and crazyy excitable :d :d
you were pretty freakin awesome 2nite, kelly! glad you popped in! :d
"any given sunday" & some rossi =) ...beer/cocktail pong to begin in about 30 min. i'm a happy girl right now. =)
2 years and 8 months with my baby :)
so happy! :)
( ] s/o for being such a good friend *- awawaw * :)
and i had a super fun time w/ this afternoon! thanks for giving us the opportunity to be the models today! :)
happy birthday babe!!!!!! i love you with all my itty bitty heart<333333 now gimme a kiss :)
i'm up! :)
it's no hassle, honest :)
anytime!! thanx for the #shoutout :) fabulous you are!
planning #dierichs 1st official event w :-) oman ya ready??!we already give it up crazy seperate now we 2gether haha!!!
hello! i presume someone i know knows you. :-)
#follow #art thank you! :)
aww poor babe ill take care of youh :)
okay, going to watch 'adventureland' now. dm me :)
thaanks ..lovee you too :)
yes! awesome ness! :d
i just wake up.. here in germany its 9 am ... :d
datanggg om alain aku mau #melas&mupeng thankyou om :d
