plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
can u follow for me please :) and i am in love with her music
:-) #ff luv
agreed! :)
yesh. good times :)
on my vibrator win? :) thank you!! ;-d
yep. thinking about putting in a movie. i could, of course, put a dent in my inbox but a movie sounds better :)
hehehehe!!! that's coz im boracay phil!!! :-)
you're welcome =)
haha! that's so funny. :) boom boom pow was mentioned on my facebook page and i thought of you!
thanks =)
preparing to migrate..anyway i can run osx in vms using windows?? want to play with it and get myself familiar.. :)
just set the date for my 21st :) 29th it is :) of may. not tellin you where but hehehe
follow my #twitterblessings :)
glass of wine tonight in place of the cup of joe i've had nearly every night before for just about as far back as i can remember :)
i love black & white cookies :) yummers !
now that would make an english teacher's head explode. :-)
g'nites down there :)
hanging with at some awesome 80's music playing north beach spot. :d
at the end of the day i'm the only one that gots my back =) lol fuck it <<i feel ya on this one!!
donna, fyi i've added your site on my blogroll. :-)
just finished eating lasagne, and it was yummy. :d i totally agree! how about lasagne? (cont)
retweet if u want a shoutout :)
thanks girl... :)
thanks for the #ff! =)
.@pambrossman australia check in on this :) four square day #4sqday here's vid as well :)
yay lakers win!! :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
typical! lol i'm sure can hook you up with some of the older back rubs :)
hey gorgeous! :d how r ya!?
lmao!! and you can my dear...and you can... :)
#currently #rollinup ^_^ *dont judge me* » *like
show some love to #realtalk he's a good dude!! :)
ugh tonight def turned out to be a bust, going home and ordering pay per view :)
wishing a very happy birthday! :) #wheresdacake? :p
someone tell me you love me < only if you tell me you love me too :)
i just need my bed.. after i eat this sandwich.. :)
wokay :) ca finals kab hai?
yappy easter! yappy spring! heehee! you're a cool little pup, schmitty! wanna follow a madcap cartoon mutt? :d
ok. on a second thought & after some quick research. i'm sticking with 3.1.2 i love the jailbreak :)
liat picnya dimana? put my tweet name on it,so i can see the pic. thx. :)
nah...did you order it? might wear it next week. "here kitteh, kitteh..." :)
ladies yall should list him :)
at mkg, family day :)
anytime :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
granny panties :)
that sounds familiar... i'll check that out. :)
thank u! loovin tweets :)
if you want me to follow you!! :)
wow, all of a sudden a lot of tribbles on #hhrs after hours. :)
: follow , please :)
thanks hon. i am sending you an email with these docs tonight! then i can really relax :)
well you know i liked the miam scenes :d but i love in the movie how will/liam kept showing up everywhere haha
defending my talk on "holistic design", i'd be interested to hear your thoughts too! :)
great win :) & great job :)
if you want me to follow you!! :)
true lol it goes both ways :)
haha, cool :d where are you then? x
nope. im from coorg. right from where cauvery originates :)
thanks girl!! :)
for those of you inquiring, jblock was on earlier, so enjoy the loop for the rest of the night :)
hey guys, please try our "warung abah" :) :)
thank uuuuu!!! :-) #ibizafridays yessssssssssss
btw, i have seperate lists :)
lol, sounds inviting. i even have my own red bowl :)
q:youurr welcome ![:loveee youu too baabeee <3 :)... a:haha text me tomorrow girly!!!! :)
lol well there's always tomorrow. :) how're you doin besides half asleep?
poo :) avatar for you
thanks for rt'ing that you two! :)
oh and congrats on your 4000th tweet :)
aweee dat is so sweet thnkk u =)
nervous/excited for tomorrow! i need sleep so i can do good! thanks for the wishes♥ goodnight! :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
prob is i sweat even when it rains :)
tila new hair cut is hellla hella cute! =)
shoutout for shoutout <3 :)
omggg has justin's skype! follow her and maybe she'll tell you it :)
{giveaway} win tropical traditions coconut cream concentrate 32 oz. jar healthy & yummy :)
i loved my surprise party!!! i can't stop smiling yall! :) <---lol i'm still laughing that you ran back inside!
a li hing mui bath will make you feel better :)
thanks :)
good lol i was thinking i reaaaaaaaaaaally gotta go to cali andi will in 2 or 1 year :)) hahaha :d
new york :) // naa detroit pistons. but i have a few fav players around the league
sleep?? not a chance. if you do buy one, try the new for ipad free app to get access to all your data :)
is real af =)
my icon is a masterpiece! it will be sold for a billion dollars! if you want to buy it please tweet me! :) (made by hahahaha!
go and follow ---> and get her to 600. :)
isn't that how most people act though these days? most ppl walk around mad at the world with somethin to prove so i let them :)
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
no prob :d can u guys follow me back ? <3
thank you so much :) thats so sweet of you :) thank you thank you thank you :)
areyou coming back to canada soon? i saw u at the weezy concert in january 09 :)
excited to do makeup & hair for sextape music video tomorrow :d yeeeee
lol! i am pretty laid back. i have been doing nothing but napping. :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
go follow ---> :d
lol. <3 u! geek! i think ur hella cool i'm not all that cool, anyway. i'm okay with getting the un-cool award :)
:)
-- my day was full! i had a pageant and had to hang out wit more kids. here's the link -- :-)
hey would you mind to follow me pleas? :)
i'm doing wonderful! just staying blessed. : )
please follow me<33 can i be your 396th follower??? :d i helped make #jasminator a tt last time!!
well at least ur doin ok :) yea man is super happy! lol
must be critical mass! the first friday of every month :)
i like being home on friday nights, thank you twitter and those having fun... drunk tweets are the best!!! :)
np i followed her also :) ty woah thanks for the follow :) follow 2
mines sideways. i approve. :)
sekalian easter holiday gitu one week weee asik banget jadinya hahaha like a two-week holiday fo me :d ahh i needa long break.
plz follow me!!!!!!! thanks if ya do <3 :)
red bulls dictating terms so far in the 3rd practice... mclaren/mercedes muscle yet to be unleashed :) #f1
q:why don't u holla at that guy ??? he's pretty awesome... a:he is pretty awesome :)
looks like im in the apt for the night...but if i step out on my balcony feels like im in the club..unfortunatly not onyx :) lol
oh ok. will do =)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
2 days till panama!!! that means beach haha going with my mom,sisters, greg,dale and danellie :) haha cant wait imma get my tan on lol
im good :) thankyouu <3
if you want me to follow you!! :)
hehe, good morning hunee! so also a bon iver fan eh? :)
:)
hun check your dm's : )
you should add me on blackberry messenger 2130a904 :)
how about yours? how's the day treating you mister? :)
cause i need to be chillin with you... :)
we have a seat outside of the darts bar in front of my old place! party on! :)
thank you :)
please follow me<33 can i be your 396th follower??? :d
kellies following youuuu :)
and a mean nerdy g. haha. :)
any time :) i am just glad to help
on liveparanormal? i'll be talking about my group :)
please follow me<33 can i be your 396th follower??? :d
and just caught myself smiling when thinking about her.. damn.. i'm happy.. :d
thank u my friend for the comment and of foot loose and fancy free. #birds #nature #photography :)
no, it is under development. thank you :)
great :) just accepted ok luk out for it
ok i think you've got me beat! :)
i think. that damon will get elena inside the house and invite damon in ;) smart eh? :d
on our way to miss kittys to dance in the dark!! i hope to see u there!! i look like a gaysian!! :d
oh! :) bad girl! did u know i haven't got a tweet limit in 2 weeks! haha :) how r u?!
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
projected tweets. coming soon :)
that's good =)
:) lol to be honest, i've been forbidden from studying this weekend by my dearest parentals...so definitely relaxing darling
thx for the shout-out, sweets! have a gr8 weekend :-) and enjoy whatevah good movie u end up picking out =d
i was asleep before 1am this morning! yey! that was a good night's sleep :) now, off to watch wimpy kid!
thanks for the feedback...also considering cloud too :)
tommy's alive!!!!! :)
:) yuuppp! i swear i can read mind!!!
promo! lol- re: j.r crickets....... :) happy bday joyyy
taylor swift background. comment if using, view full size then save :d made by:
bouta hit da sheets , nite shawty :)
lmfao! i was joking im straight edge :) right after that tweet look at my newest follower lmao! [smokepotnow] lmfao!
nice w lake show :)
im here :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
13 :d
i have a wicked headache (not like boston wicked, more like truly evil wicked)... but imagine it said w/ a boston accent :)
like the movie! :d
it did. i do remember. 14th & 7th-ish, no? :) hope you are well!! blessings. (holy shit?!?!?!?!)
we do it for the blue blooded too :)
awesomeness.. :) 10 th right ?
i need a new bracelete! new jewels get some toodlebunny for easter, lasts longer than a chocolate bunny! :)
halooo shinta,, cadel? kaaak abeee :)
you can be tough and sensitive. :)
woteva. lemme know. :)
i'm sorry... i use an exclamation mark for everything! lol :)
dead. yes. that's all for the night :)
no, your birthday is my birthday. :) but, in seriousness, doesn't surprise me. we're alike much.
they said that the crab cakes were the best thing on the menu! they loved it! :)
no problem! anytime! :) i have to go to bed. i am so tired. sorry andy! goodnight! :)
yeah, picking up at stoneridge :)
please follow me<33 can i be your 396th follower??? :d
uhm. dont be shy. just gotta tell her how you feel. i think she'll understand :) just do your best,you're a-m-a-z-i-n-g :d n yw
"how about 80's dance does that make the train :) #80s" ♫
follow mee ; ill follow youu baack asap!! :)
fixed it following u. :-)
out with the bffs :) hollywood :) xoxox
can hear #2oceansmarathon activities from the warmth and comfort of my bed :)
thanks for having us over :)
never! :) its the weekend, so we're all good:)
night everyone :) love yall
no problem and thanks :)
gak fair? hahaha if msa the teachers are like our own friends eh? :d
i saw all of hi back when it originaly aired. and yea, my glee video is being featured in a fan montage during the episode :)
do wat u gotta do. lol. see u tomorrow!!!! :)
would you mind dming me please? i have something to ask youuu :)
if you want me to follow you!! :)
sweet dreams to you :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
that turned out amazing! i adore it :)
mwahahaha. you don't hate me :) && well, i think you would've figured out that im not nice :]
:) your fabulous!!!
i am now the proud owner of a pink fishing rod. going night fishing with perfect day. :-) #happy
good afternoon my super talented idol! :) u look gorgeous & beautiful at nia&ardi's wedding ceremony..i like ur hair & outfit :)
thanks for the #followfriday!! :)
& jack and coke lol :d
thank you!!!!! :)
