q:ill come to stratford and fuckk you if you want :) well make you a nonvirg... a:hah okay..
thx, so good to see u! amazin thanks 4 class!!! i haven't taken class in forever and that was just what i needed :)
off to shiaras bday dinner :) w/ <~~ aww ♥it #bravo on the make-up ;)
thank you all for the #followfriday love. you all are the best ever :)
yea i gets down like that... keep u on ur toes :)
you are still there ;) dm me? make an average fan smile :)
ahhhh my bday is yo bday!!!! lmaooo! ~ the man spoke people!! it's my birthday!!! wooo hooooo!! :) | ah!!!!!
you're welcome :)
aw,really? <3 ah, its fun :)
awwww yay! :d
awwww :) that's what's up
boooooo lol jk ok ok :) no fighting :-) be good
the shows over but i saw abigail and talked to andrea. gave abigail my scrapbook for t so yay! :)
lol. look forward to them. whatever they are... :)
doctorado llamado de emergencia yo no se mañana where is the love la tortura use somebody to be with u down tocarte toa' :)
thaats wassup :)
we share a brain. obviously. :d
[study] i'll go get them :) / i'll go for miso ramen! :d
thanks for the #ff! :)
yes girl! i know! loll i'm gettin' there! piece by piece im pullin' myself together! :) we need to go out #pronto
aahhh!!! read my previous tweets to it was amazing!!! i met abi and andrea (for the 2nd time) :) i love :)
oh "the cabin" ep by is such an amazing ep. i love it! so soothing to listen to. i recommend it! :)
i'll join in on that...even though it's a couple hours early here. happy birthday :d
we can go, and call each other at midnight and tell each other about how happy we are drinking sweet tea : )
if you want a #ff shoutout just ask! :d
weeeeeëèé, sugar rush. :)
yew, ok got u on the list :)
im tired of being hurt...//my too big sis...but im here if you need me!! you too pretty though..so #ontothenextone! :)
thank you :d
wow thanks! :d happy birthday!
yuppp :) im so happy
yes, and its one of my favorites :) makes me want to bake alll day lol
how many of you out there are #horizontaltweeting right now? follow and join the revolution!! =)
my bday is in 10 min... :) i want bey to sing happy bday to meh lol
thanks so much for my #customerservice videos today. :)
thats a board game right?? you guys like your board games cool! :)
i tweeted a salsa video :)
thank you :)
retweet if you eat pussy! :) >> *raises hand*
looks like today is the day to get them good kinda calls!!!!!!!! yup : )
happy good friday!!! be blessed.... :)
it's actually in a section of boston called allston. :d
going too make youtube videos with my friend chy chy = cheyenne :) haha chy chy haha.:
going too make youtube videos with my friend chy chy = cheyenne :) haha chy chy haha.:
lol let me know when girls can fit their wrist through yours :)
whats my punishment for wateva it is i did lmao =)
i like skype better! make one please? :d
do you want me to make like a fan video when i can ? :) <3
uncertainty will always exist. i'm just going to sit back on the rollercoaster called life and let it lead me... wherever.... :)
check out baby sophia at 1 month! :)
yay!! <3 go-go dancing tonight w/ the sexy come out to level 3/club dv8!!! =)
bee-yoo-ti-fool island weather today! sunny day wt clear blue skies :) then again, since i woke up at noon, i'll settle for an ice cream ;)
what you doing in cowtown? :)
haha well thankyou hun appreciate that =)
i'm watching hsm :)
haha! thanks! waited two months- three dreams and one clearance rack later, it's finally mine. :)
good night moon...i did not smoke today so thank you god :-)
if you love kenelle so i can list you :) #jonasbrothers
get some rest now. i'll talk to you later when you wake up. good night, dearest :)
thanks :)
okay we need people who will prank call on skype. and who is good at it. tweet me your skypes :)
yes. :)
no worries babe. hope the event went well. u goin to johnny walker tonight? wud b great to see u. has been ages :)
lynx? is that what they call axe across the pond? does it smell the same or is it all fish and chippy? :)
jake and that dustin dude isn't even that cute! like people snap outta it! if u like hot boys u should follow he's nice :)
lol i'm going to bed text me happy bday in the morning! :-)
thank you for following me! :)
done =)
hahaha thanks! you rock :)
ps...if you read my timeline you will be frightened :)
please follow me? :)
any unfollowers will get an unfollow back #justsayin :)
the truth is they can't give away something that does not exist. :-) facts are facts!
rt: {giveaway} #win a sprout ~ eco friendly watch ~ 3 winners! ~ ends 4/6 :)
okrt folback me ya thanks :)
if you love jemi so i can list you :) #jonasbrothers
i keep my twitter public for the nosey bitches who wanna see how i'm living. :)
i suddenly compare every man in this world plus my dad with logan lerman :) (this is the fact, that i'm obsessed with him)
make sure to get sun block. socal sun can be harmful! :)
cuz, my clock is cool like that! :d
i hope you're using synthetic brushes, cuz i can't imagine how much a #6 sable costs. have fun with the bold inking :)
i am a silly goose! :d lol!
:) iy nih din,mau main dsini mlm ini. lo dmans din? kamu di semarang nad?rt (cont)
thank you! :d
thx darling!rt #ff :d
exactly the same thing :)
got a new phone :)
for all #leeseunggi lovers please follow and join our forum :)
follow me?? :d
will you please please please please follow me ? i love all you guys <33 :) 17
#myboo means everthing to me :d
still not finished! will go to the new house and eat first. be back later. :)
your sooo sweet oxoxo your thr best craig! :d xoxoxo
3-2 for manutd against chelsea. brace from berba, goal each from drogba & lampard, 2 sendoffs & macheda to get an injury time winner. ;) :d
aw :) you're too kind baby ! i'm going to sleep though...i'll be sure to dream about you
for all those wondering why i'm clubbin on this day... umm.. i'm celebrating the life of jesus... =) <-- lmfaoo gd excuse!!
i miss him <3 can't wait to spend the week with him :d ilybug<3
because i fuckin' rule. :d formspring.me/yothorax
:d cool
not long now! keep up the good work! been following you round the world (online not in a boat or anything) : )
they always try messing with me. and i am always like sorry, i know where he is. a little obsessed right? :)
next week, i'm going to localize a rails app in 15 languages, wish me good luck :)
cool if u go to z let me know! yup. these are rules live by :) headed to recess or zee
#shoutout to everybody that's randomly pissed off on my timeline .. *cough* : )
hey ?? can u plz dm me who are my unfollowerz??? they suck !! :d
will do -- tanks so much hun! :)
i can just picture your face when u read that! :)
iyaaaaaaaa bel thankyouuuuuuu :d kamu ulangtahun? happy birthday lohhhh :d wish you all the best ayu!
thank you! :)
can you guys please sign this it'd mean a lot to me :)
haha :) i just haate it
i'm glad you had fun last night! enjoy the rest of your birthday weekend!! :)
haha lol nice like it :)
lol aw yhu think so? thanks barb :d
:) cuz its true, especialy 4 you :)
hehe glad it wasn't just me :)
helow, need info mangga dua gunung sahari... plus, itc mangga dua ramai ga ya? thanks tweeps... :) |
why thank you <3 :) :)
its okay! off today so that's nice! :)
ahhh!! birthday party tm at 8 pm!!! if you're coming!! :d
woke up early (yes 10am is early for my saturday morning) just so we can beat the dim-sum-hungry-crowd at may star :d
i wish mang pidol good luck! pilot is tom :) here is link to philstar article (cont)
heyy sist :)
just glad to see you! :) hope u have been well!
im having a quiet night at home.... :)
oh okay... did you say it's nice out? hmm, like weather? now? wow! :-) #ineedvitamins
text me. im going to sleep now :d
good night, dear breezy! talk to you soon! :)
yes i know abt and his dream team we can shoot with all them lol i know pplz too =)
sir has some crazy loud fans! if i spelled this wrong i blame it on :)
sign us up !!!! if i have to eat a bug so be it...i smell a million coming our way :)
q:haha yeah he even played his guitar for me. :-) he's gonna be t... a:so he is gooodd?? <3
will do the rest of my ff#'s tonight and tomorrow :) *hugs*
just notice, baseline 3 columns fit the ipad vertically and 4 columns horizontally, cool :-)
mmmm yep i just do it! :) take care my friend**! i'll go to sleep bye!
yay, i have a job and feeling way better, back into it here's a wee update :)
.. i saw it last nite, it was entertainin :)
i used to listening to adam's music if i couldn't sleep. and it works :d
are you busy right now? im broadcasting on and i want you to watch lol :)
haha totally! and no i love your tweets! your really funny :)
lol one of them :)
always. you should. :)
we found the sickest course in simi valley. //yay for simi valley!! : )
lol :) of course nuthin beats butt naked
folloooooww --> <------ !
tell her i sent u , thennn tell me , and i'll give u whatever u want , like shouties :)
love u !
thanks for #ff :)
im going to see alice tomorrow :)
haha that's awesome :) we have 2 himalayan's...very fluffy and full of themselves.
my birthday is in approximately 30 days!!! :d (too bad i have 3 finals that day. oh well, the celebration shall go on!)
yeshh :d
does windsor get any cool concerts or do you have to travel for them? i go up to toronto for them :)
right here lol :)
haha take a wild guess :)
the xbox $1 live deal is on the dashboad login and look around ur gonna need a credit card to buy it :)
aw, glad you got it. :)
well, i'll work with this for a while, and keep experimenting. it sure beats blank test rolls. : )
why fat chicks cant ever survive a entire cupid shuffle song.. he know fat chicks got asthma :)
hey, go on google and type in who's the cutest, im feeling lucky and when you see a chinese symbol, click it :)
aside from the early call times and long hrs i'm starting to like this industry more n more :)
sounds good haven't seen it what part of you comes out in 3d ' :) 'ohboyboy
mmhmmm :)
oh my. dad aka seems to be toast. glad i was driving! fun times & makers :)
oh than you handle it waaay better than i do. the kids have to be fast here :)
i'm a good girl hahaha,need to sleep (take care my friend ) bye :)
{giveaway} #win a sprout ~ eco friendly watch ~ 3 winners! ~ ends 4/6 :)
when he was 14! awwwhh omggg. hes so cuteee :d
im tryna follow all who follows me now... ^_^ but some ppl just dont look worthy... naa mean?
okay gnite :)
girl i'm bored as hell lol as usual u goin in. i see u mama :)
ok i'm out 4real. glad i got my point across :-) deuces!
i'll have to try that :)
who got swagger? oh yeah does! go folllow her right now :)
team jeremy! :d
lol im bored too & entertaining myself by taking random ass pictures :)
and, i'm just big ball of fun and good news tonight, huh? :)
oh dang. ;) ; yes???? :d ; hahaha... wait. how did u know my mom calls me that ;)
heyyy how u doing :)
whatever you say my special child :)
hopee that helped u a lil bit :)
you young ladies need to check this handsome young actor :-)
i'll #ff you anywhere! : ) #ffing
gnite! :) have to go to sleep have a big day ahead of me :p haha! night beliebers!! <3
iyaaa sama2 :) thanks ya tata ;) happy birthday
i'm sure you will. :)
now i'm gonna have to bill you for the drink i just sprayed all over my monitor :)
bad boys 2 is on bravo!! :) << u was inviting me to watch that movie and i dnt even have that channel! lol
yep!!!!! :)
:d follow me!8
nb politicus dodd if u have rt. 2 a lawyer u should have rt. 2 a doctor since pres. obam... :)
at static just seen & =)
follow me back? please :d
my mobile is dead and i dno ur house! call me :)
no he really does trust me! :) he really really does!
& u as well! yeah, superwoman = myth for sure. but u'r a hell of a lot closer to that than me, u marathoner, iron woman you :)
what about your face when you are watching 2 girls and 1 cup? :d
cool! very much interested to join. will surely be there :)
hope i spelt them all correctly :)
it's been awhile, let's hear it =)
sleepy crackhead??!!!lmbo!!! omg..u r too silly :d
