oh yes, yes it is! :)
feelin a lil loopy....weird...prolly time to take this medicine and go to bed. goodnight lovelies. :-)
why not?..take a walk on the wild side!! :) one more glass of vino?
yawn....dat was dry :) #aye oo! lol bored...........blah .......... :(
go follow and join the belieb team :)
i love stacy london. she's gorgeous and soo in charge :)
thick and sexy :)
#shoutout to and for the wonderful performance 2night!!! yess that was me screaming all loud =) lol
#peopleshould make sure they have sent me first and last names for my bday party april 15 at blush :-) we are going in!!!
i ♥ tak'n baths..so relaxing :)
hey. sorry i just got home. yeah i am feeling ok just had alot on my mind tonight! it means so much to me that you care :d
mmmm, kate beckinsale in leather with guns? :d
hey, how you doing? :-)
i want both! :) how are you?
nice :) osom
thanks for all the #ff love! :d and welcome to my tl new followers <3 xoxo
sex in the city :)
night!!!! =)
enjoying being home. my car is all fixed. looks and smells (on the inside) like new! so glad to have lil red back. :)
i remember back when beautiful girls was one of the popular songs :)
shout out to all my lesbians in the f'n building i love yall < ily2 ! :d lol
i luv that u consider txt & email "real life"! :) #mykindagirl #randomhashtag :)
*hi5ive* be my bestfriend ? :)
either or both! :d thank you :)
collingwood v melb. what the heck is going on?? /via .. my mrs is a pies supporter too, she's in shock :)
ok i'm in la :) lol ur not doin nuthin 2nite????
of course it's true haha. she was engaged a while back in london. :p her fiance just arrived in us on monday. :)
these guys deliver the smart funny. watch it! new episode is now up! please?! :)
feels great to seal the envelope w/the ballots for emmy's :) judging mission: accomplished.
follow my buddy :-) >>>>
i'm listening/enjoying your music :) ....weekend is going good for me. how's yours?
thank u but i'm not competing! just going gto cheer on some friends :) good luck tomorrow! i mean today.
yeah were good now :)
down to only 3 of the 6. having to handpick families...only the best for you nieces/nephews. :)
well i have got to get some sleep...hmm what does the mystifyer dream about? i'll let you all wonder :) goodnight!
awesome :) i hope it brings you all that you're hoping for
i'll definitely keep you updated :)
sorry...bud light kicking in...9/11 :)
it was good to finally meet you in meat space :) the movie on kozmo is e-dreams: i think it's on netflix too
so say that you my homie, or things could get trickier. :)
yeah im glad! i cnt wait till summer! also my 13th birthday is on april 27th :d
i <3 you guys :-)
follow me back :)
#ff my buddy :)
swing was lovely. can't wait to go to ocala tomorrow. :)
at sepang with a paddock club pass courtesy of lotus. ;) -- so action! :)
be bad in my office! with me :) just being the bad girl that i am....lol...actually been working alot
17 away :) pick me please please please please please!
thank yu ! :)
ohh well thank ya! :d lol
making some hot coco & talking to & on aim. :d <3
good morning frens :)
well, i'm not everybody's cup of tea. :-)
anytime, sweetheart! i adore you too. :) <3
ummm one will give you a headache hahaha jk two will do it i think though :)
hope you are having a good night, i am on spring break :) ♫
#juststfu :d ;)
okay guys ttyl :) wtf my granny is making me go to bed..shes getting on my nerves she thinks cuz she goes to bed at like 6 that i need to!
#lameasscool club is myself, -----> <3 <--- yuppp! :-) lol.
phone with tyler :)
currently watching miami medical :) later!
going live in tv patrol later 6pm, check out the happenings here in boracay!!! :-)
sooo my friend and i just made a bet...if i get to 33,500 followers by sunday...i.ll ustream =)
if you need alternatives, let me know. think i've played with just about every twitter app on the app store. :)
lmfaooo yes got us shakin our poak chops now :)
oh, that sounds so delicious! i love your other "ready to eat" meals, so these will be "icing on the cake"! :)
some1 should make a collage of all of livs love-interests! just to sort of highlight how bad they were! lol #svu<<ha ha ha :)
:d
it's such a funny drama *dies from laughing* and kim bum is in it =d and 1 of my fav actress park jin hee :d
now u gotta click the follow button :)
ok all be away for about 45 mins...got to get my workout grind..so ya'll can drool over me *someday* hahah :)
my friend now loves #blossominthedust because of me!! :d
well come on down! the house is always open to good people. would love to have you visit soon! dog licks a bonus :)
embo, a character from _clone wars_, is a significantly cool character. :)
i said my girls in dallas say hi and they'll see u at the benefit concert :)
gooooddd luck 2maro bbyyy <----thanks darling. : )
thanks for the #ff folks. :)
i don't like my bg that muchh ill make a better one tomorrow :)
i forgot the lime =( straight up baby!! =)
#ilovedonnie for climbing into my heart 22 yrs ago and never leaving it! :)
we're magical little fish :) have fun tonight.be safe.take a shot to the head for a sista!
publishing the video in like 5 minutes!!! haha i look so weird! and i sound weird! blah!!! haha soo.. yea :)
it's not an ok tag. we'll take care of it. let my team work. :)
new episode is now up! please?! :)
#nowplaying vampire diaries =)
backrub was hott!! even for this jordan girl!! =) u got time to follow me?
i don't have photoshop :) if you saw day 113 photo i was just testing it! maybe you saw it idk
ur welcome. and thanks for following! :)
of course! :d
telepathic :) lol nachoooo, i miss you dude. where you at??<i literally just said "i miss jason"
you could always just like nickname him eddie, or, you know jacob :) haha...oh and that works 'cus he's a doggie :d
haha okay lets start :) sry it took so long
it's ok, i guess he'll never dm me, but u don't have to dm him, i'll take a stab at it again by myself, you're awesome :)
great movie :) taken was sooooooooo good! thanx guys! action all the way thru! i think i'm gonna add it to my fave list!
love "i still believe" by or "need you now" by ! both cds are awesome :d
5 days til i leave to go to la for nationals!!! :)
digitize them. i have to do that with my recordings now :)
qualifying day... :) #f1
gracias slut! :)
aww just sung me the most beautiful happy birthday song :)
