#gemini =) is a tt i love it.. #shoutout to my co #gemini =d
thank you ^_^
im getting the ipad yay :d not this one its the standard one i want the 3gs and wifi model thank you hubby
it was sooo good! tyler perry did a great job =)
ooohhh...what kind of shots? :)
wow haha , you're spamming my phone, you're tweeting a lot but love it haha :)
thanks for re tweeting it now i gave you a shout out ^_^
*steps back* oooo sorry :)
can you give me a shout out? :d
ah linux.. you are so much better than the rest :d p.s quod-libet rawx!
generally, providing the weather's good and you get food! :)
i've never liked tape as it'd break and wind itself around the tape recorder heads. :)
tgif :) #fb
#nowplaying #generalhospital :)
liked your irrational thoughts article in productive magazine...i suffer from #7 myself haha :)
are my faves gonna listen tomorrow? liveparanormal.com? :)
thank you :) new blog post ttg creative junkies by & #fb
#zodiacfacts todays horoscope said scorpios capability is gemini... niice :d where all my 2 headed freaks at?! lol
hallo! :)
follow my 1180th follower >> :)
i knew it, you're pregnant! right? :d || no. aren't you? was somebody else there? i was drunk. did we impregnate someone?
:d germany :)
everybody hates chris is the shit #thatisall :)
currently at flat top grill w/ my loves & :)
ps. hope you're having a lovely easter weekend! :)
we obviously havn't heard of the fact that most women find gay men more attractive than straight guys, have we? :)
love me some :)
finally collapsed. what an awesome day :d got lots of hands-on time with ipad, absolutely can't wait until i get my own tomorrow!
i'm celibate i'm exempt from being called one of those :-)
bout to #follow =)
followed :) x
chillin with some folk. :)
i told i wouldn't stay up processing photos from #firstfridays, but i am anyways...such is the life of a #photog :)
actually, i think i'm gonna slide into a hot bath :-)
no, i'm in germany. batty's german friend. in hamburg, to be specific. :)
morning everyone, how's your day so far? :-)
was amazingly awesome!! l.a. if u don't have ur tickets get them now!! my voice is going but oh well : )
you miss it huh? for a quick second i thought about lockin up :) but yo that's so final
i had thiss mag :)
evening, ma'am. it is a bit of a busy night on this festive ipad eve. :)
she's full of a cough and cold she was running a temp last night but is a little better this morning :)
lol =) u already! #teamcuttass i missed alla yall
glad you like :) looks good with the wallpaper.
thank you so much :d
yay :d lol i love it too xd oh btw, are u done with my damn bg lol ? im sick of caillou xd
come in here and we will make u a belieber braclet :)
happy birthdayyyyyyy :d
no service. it has wifi. :) we have a cable modem and a wireless router though. you can use it anywhere that has free wifi.
i bought one of them! always nice to find a royalty statement in the mail. theory of fun has now sold over 17,000 copies! :)
enjoy your hangover :)
in the clouds listenin to that dom kennedy : )
it will come. soon hopefully. :)
you should eat even when you don't feel hungry. your body is just deceiving you. eat frankie, even just a little bit. =)
and no hurry! enjoy :) x
wonderful, i keep doing that every few years, slowly up and slowly down..... :-)
»-(¯`v´¯)-» #grateful to people who make me happy :-) thanks friends
which basically means that i see the correction u made :) so no 3 way for u, me & danny today. its the studio & sherry !
only room for your head under my desk :)
me.! :) lol
i know right ??!?? =)
love u listened to ma' homie he always makes ma' day better, we should chill one day at the studio :)
chillllleng :) sup with you... having fun?
thankyouu.. :)
citywalk next friday wit coco dont bail on us.. =) pew pew
:) sorry! you are not allowed lol you'd have to fight my bf. how's nyc?
looking like u r having a good time at work today :d
start laughin. i'm goin in the am :)
follow me please!? :)
ahhhh ineed to check that "virginity" song outttt loll! && mmmm trey songz makes the best sex songggssss =)
on your response, i had to return to casa del hannie first. :)
hmm yeah, nice to know u too, lol yeah :d
haaa what a lucky man he will be, if u choose to :)
oh :) hope you're enjoying france. i'll be in amsterdam end of april, might pass by paris as well.
since im smiling right now it means so are you right?? u smile, i smile?? :)
sure i want one. but i prefer getting a i7 imac for birthday :)
happy birthday :)
nice thanks! :d i have my giveaway after that and i'm trying to get it before and after your party!
what i do every night :)
thank you :-) this is not actually my dog, but i loved that pic.
lol we are gettin our learning on! haha :d
my twitter comment of the night "i will twit if i want to u tweet" thanks amanda for helping me figure it out :)
aww that was really good guyss :)
yeah so follow my sis :) #shoutout to #follow her , i think she's just starting.
haha she unfollowed me.haha cause she said u were her valentine & i said no hes mine&im his so get over it ahahah :)
i just dmed him 10 times. :)
thanks for spreading the love :)
i'm coming over for some ramen noodles i got the hot sauce :)
#shoutout2dagirlz all day everyday!!!! i ♥ bad bitches :) goodnight...again.
followed them :)
i know!!!! omg & wtf? the good news is it may now be fixed :)
had a fabulous time with and friends tonight. we proved we can make any place fun! especially if they pour a good guinness... :)
makasih delle :) foto bbm ckepp &65
thanks for asking, i'm a little better today. :)
can someone entertain p :) ?
follow thursday night #soca fix if your not following already! :)
good morning :)
you doing anything tonight? :)
you are so welcome! :d have fun this weekend!
like the suun; you brighten my day. <3 :)
