the skys so retarded lately. perfect for photos :d
watching the remake of we are the world for the first time...hahaha...you? :d
thanks for the #ff :)
you are very welcome. sent you a dm with the info you requested : )
thanks for rting :)
aw :) that's soon at least <3 in may... i'll still be alone :| & pathetic.
text it to me now :d
we went there for lunch today too! (panmure) :)
hey. :)
hola hermosa :d
thank you. :)
music is my bandaid :)
so apr 10 party by martin yaaay fyi nandi undeda #shavams !!! :d
not only are you a legend… but you are da man!!! and super nice. i'm honoured :)
thanksss!!! and i have two. purple and bluee :)
now following -- > :)
after work #stellarosa then why did i get married too... after ciara meeting... :) night
i should have known that... :)
how do you give a gay blind man a thrill? leave the plunger in the toilet :)
im also giving 5 extra entries to any giveaway if you follow me through networkblogs :d just put in ur entry: following under network blogs
aww thank you! :)
yeah, you too :d
i told shawn and vicky i want to bring all the gays to come and invade la jolla :). let's drink after :)
well if you wanna feel good-er, you can have a dildo :)
i hope ur mum had a great birthday...cuz after all she's got one amazing, talented and gorgeous son :) >>>>you<<<<< :d luv u
i think you would be real popular :) i mean you've had all these young stars on your show
i have black nails :d
wassup love =)
hey this bg over capacity :( can u resize again pls? thx :)
ty for ff :)
aaayyyyyeeee!! we kilt it! :d
when jenna tweeted the link i favorited it. :)
haha, lane reductions on 9th! how are those trucks getting thru. ah, the comedy never stops. not really. ok. really logging off now. :)
thanks for more #ff <3 :)
:) just got cookies in mail! thank u ladies so much for that little treat, it was a pleasure meeting you at diffa!
lol k i'll be there in like 4 hours ^_^
everywhere i go. :)
hey iyut :) hello irene :b mention rame rtan semua ya -_-" mending nyapa gue daripada nge-rt doang :p
u recommend it gorgeous? and im loving the new avii by the way =)
i had no complaints about belo :)
fireflies? i didn't know they had a fireflies version :)
lmfao # mee && texxt convo :) i love herrr!
yep home birth all the way :d
woohooo =) have fun! but the good news is i'm on my way to las vegas biiitches!
i think i found a solution to one of my issues. yay! :)
cool :) how can u do it hhahaha :d
thanks!! i sent one more :) tell me what you think! i'm gonna put what ever you do as my twitter icon!
vermont with mah babyy :)
hi, i sent a message through your site's contact form; check your inbox for me! :)
#selenagomez booored likee a dunkey.. i don't have anything to do! wish were with me! :)
i'm sorry! :( if you need any help with anything, just let me know, i'm here for you! :d
im taking it down facebook. those that wanna contact me u got the digits! nite my esquires! =)
oh, you mean the squad i wasn't in? :)
muah untuk mamah (k) :d tysm for ur hard work. i love you tonton konser piano ku yach (??) nanti bulan juni tp
hi sara, i hope you are settled in your new home, & your dogs are enjoying their new surrounds :) #esf
lol! well you got a follow out of that. you're actually funny. i can dig it..keep doin you =)
thank you :-)
tysm beib :* hello seperti #indonesiaingin topic buatan hampir masuk tt :) congrats ya.. muah muah
:) night. must sleep now. long day
i fux with & ! some real ass dudes :) had fun the other night! #nowplaying home run juelz santan
no mama hosting and having fun :) and when i'm on a mission it's like a ninja attack. silent but powerful :)
ehh how cud u watch that?? hmm u shud had given a try to saas bhi kabhi bahu thi also.. :d
anytime my dear! :) i'm good, how are you?
#ifreakingwant to know why the #jonasbrothers are on the tt. anybody care to tell us? :)
awwww! haha this is the most i've ever been so sentimental. i'm going for a record, all thanks to u. i love making u happy! :d
o ok i won't. hopefully you can see it soon and tell me what you think :)
it's my first time watching "twin peaks." first season is 7 episodes. think i can finish it tonight. :)
*nice! :) this dude is just blah blah blah.... #accidentaldropcall i think so......bwahahhahahhaha
followed :)
did my 50 hours of nanoedmo and am now sitting on a shiny and exciting third draft :d now to start working on the fourth draft, lol.
this is where i remind myself that it's about 12 or so hours until doctor who 5.1. hurrah :) (via know that feeling! /via
follow please :)
oh, i didnt know that! thanks :)
me too! :) i've always been in some kind of performing arts thing. i do auditions and stuff,but i really need to be in la.
show was great!!!!! thank you all so much for coming out! so great to meet all you guys :)
i am always the winner when you and hug me :) /as long as you're in the middle right?
my mind was not running that far. just a little gymnastics in the bed :-)
sometimes, it's just way too damn easy... :)
ahaha i always tell myself someday everything will fall into place & be perfect :)
faded off brown<off white lol!! << off both :)
rose's turn is definitely up there with elektra's. :-)
well i'm not an english mayor. never really had that passion for writing. i play music or sing to release stress :) ...
hopefully. :)
i love new followers :)
new background is the picture of as a child :)
thanks! :d and thanks for the follow :)
lol that's good =) i will have to go see clash of the titans =)
because your site it so fab of course!!!! haha...i just assumed because most of the best ones are and yours def is!!! :)
wooot! sudbury! very impressive! what a night. thanks to all who came out. sad it's already over… until next time, keep dancing :)
aha! i love the movie too :d
aww i been mean to all day ! im sorry yo! lol =) tr
:)
lol thank you honey :) had to tell u ur hot lol, sorry i had to do in twitville :)
okay thanks.if i do go..i might give you numba..so you can txt me when the show is over :)
i know, i mean come up with ya own material.. i followed u btw :)
お花見 in the house :-)
how low can you go, how low can you go. :)
romeo & juliet in stratford with friends. uncles 40th home then lj and joe's bday pub. my days sorted :d
i love <3 but unfortunately he hasn't followed me yet. but im still hoping :) maybe someday he'll notice.
:d good! i think it would be fascinating if i can just get inside my fictional craig's head... that's the hard part.
yeah i know you do baby :) . lol
your changed handle without announcement confused me a bit :) now got it.
so cool :d editd did you know that if you did a handstand, you got the whole world in your hands?
sweet dreams. :)
morning emma, sorry to hear that, i hate bad dreams, still at least you are awake now :) did you watch the game yesterday?
lovey ;) naaa no hangover at all :) ...itz early evenin n i feel sleepy...
www.fuckyou.com -log on :)
ah. gotcha :) entitlement is rife in urban/educated india? it can of course be used to justify anything
do you have very very very long arms? :)
miss you love :) silverchair i miss you/ missing you lupa
congratulations :d checked your favourites, is this your 8th reply?!x
i think my eyes are about to fall out of my head! i just read sooooo many of tweets for no reason! i enjoyed it though! :) (:
thanks :-)
my baby love, sweet baby love ^_^
follow back :)
ah no problem. :d how u doin today?
i just received the best easter basket ever!! goodies & treats for everyone! ...unexpected gifts are the best :)
dear friends, thank you for your rtl : )
just backtracked from the techreviewer convo, i was bored :)
haha he does, but just sometimes when he's online :)
thanks :d
any thing really :)
yes mandy told me,and she told me you guys have kinky sex :d ...i am good
working on it will open very soon. i will open the gallery soon so everyone can see jewels latest photos :)
fact #93: justin never wanted to be famous but hes living it up now :)
never make fun of the geeks, one day they will be your boss :)
*relieve sigh* much better! night :)
i gotta find 60 more words for my japanese project!! send me some words yall like plz!! :d
wooooah i am so tired. && my nose hurts from using so many tissues. :c night everyone :) loooove you <3
apparently david archuleta is having a book signing? yes :d i won't be able to go but whatever!
chicago!!! my first time in a big city! :d
alright...gotta get up in like 5 hours...love you all and to all a good night! :)
yeep :)
well it's 2:40 am lol i g2g to bed
ttyl byee <3
got bbm? 212bb5c9 network & chat only. ladies feel free 2 add :) boys don't waste ur time tryen 2 "holla" i'm straight as a circle.
every #peopleshould have a twitter account :-)
i got your back eric #ff hell i'm even throwing in there :)
boy u got me going crazy...knocked me off my feet...now you've got me begging baby =) pls fllw me!
yes. ooh yes :-)
lol thanks :) my day will start in about 6 hours
reading on yahoo how buying the ipad for $499 can end up costing $1,170 :) i can see a few people having this happen
me & paris are getting tired. we'll update in the morning. good-night! :)
u're awesome, can you say hi to me? pls :)
now it works on safari,too :-) have a great weekend...
yaay i can tweet now :)
i bet the $$$ saved feel good in your pocket. i did the same when my g1 took a swim in the sink. happy to have it alive again :)
love this pic :)
morning (afternoon) i will do, i hope you will too :-)
im good thanks for the compliment :)
awww u look pretty :) yeah this should be some proof of my love for right?
appreciate it mel! :)
just finished watching the hangover :)
tomorrow is my lovely daughter's 1st birthday. i'm hoping for your celebration for my girl and a prayer for her. :d happy easter!
don't think i've seen that will keep eye out :) rants are good
follow she's a belieber :d
lol thnkk u =)
and for the record yess i have a full blown mohawk! no rihanna shit going on here just chy :)
ask me stuff, i like it :)
oh not the bp account! :-) how are you honey?
lol i'm a very comical person so i will =)
you should read me and tweets bahha they are funny :)
haha and thanks for following me too :d
me love. now u'll think of me. ery day :) yes babe-u like?
i liked it and i think you and the hubby should see it. i think you two will enjoy it :)
speaking of tired, time for bed! i'm sure you'll pass out soon too. goodnight. sweet dreams. :)
yes, next time! =)
awesome, thanks for the tip! checking out it now :)
cool thanks. the whole cd will be there in a couple of weeks! plus all the singles too! xoxo :)
music is my bandaid :)
night love, same to youuuu! <33 (and check out my bio when you can) :d xo
hi. thanx 4 da mail. wil be able to hav a look at it on monday. wil revert. hope u r having a good weekend. :)
i'm starting my health kick after easter :)
you have an opinion, i have insider information! :)
thanks :d
baby .. liat ini jd ga sabar waiting for our holliday :d
i def co-sign that fella that video was the truth :)
clash of the titans!? sweet!! enjoy!! i want a full report on it later :) might check it out next wk..
we needed this win and we got it! i'm happy! ^_^
woohoo :d don't wait up. i'm looking for a place. :d will post t later :d
kalo aku ga dtg, salam aja buat om charly ;p ditunggu lho mba :d good luck!
spending my friday night doing my all time fave, reading great books! :) (yay my fav! if i had energy i'd be doing the same)
ooooh i love new york! have a fab time hun :)
:') i bought rocklea road today. who wants to sit in a circle under a tree and eat it together? :d
*wipes away tears* =)
and yet hasn't given up on #twitter or #redeye .. she's a real trooper :)
your right it is a direct message :d
haaaah??? waduuuhh..speachless.. :)rt cantiknya luar dalam..smua kalah..i'm seriously :) (cont)
oh poor you! or do you enjoy cooking ? :)
ahhh man puts my fav on! great way to end the night :)
thanks for the tip! checking it out :)
just got done eating ice cream with :) now i'm sexting someone... i'm having sex withdrawals! i'm dying!
see you tonight, were playing together in tenerife!!! can't wait to see you! :)
hahaha i know u see my new background and you love it so maybe u should make it ur new main pic on twitter :)
hmm to some restura near by.. :d
you're welcome (whatever it was i did) :d
boss tells me to call her before 4/11 10 pm so when am i gunna call her? april 11 9:59 pm :)
ahhh man puts my fav on! great way t end the night :)
yeah me too...and thanks :d
by whom? =)
need some orbit for that dirty ass mouth < you need some nut on your teeth to clean them :)
we should make this a nightly thing. every night, you...the balcony...3,000+ tweets. :)
