please help me :) god bless you!
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go!
thanks for the link love on your site! i'm in great company, just checked out some others you follow. :)
i am open for dating though , and the occasional lay , if your lucky :)
girl i do.....and i can't wait to meet you in hammond...for me, this trip is about meeting all of you...who mean so much to me :)
nathan makes sure he covers everything :) nothing wrong with that
yeah, i'll be there in the morning and running back and forth between interviews and panels. i'll be that guy if you see me :)
my new word is "tumblring" .. go ahead and say it :)
awww! i love it. it's so sweet<3 :)
i can almost smell it! :-) how often do u hit the kitchen? u will have to invite friends, colleagues and others over sometimes!
me too a fan (recent one) of steve jobs :)
volunteered today. feeling very connected to my community :)
how are you? i miss you :)
weed supply is getting seriously low, how does this happen?! oh, right.... :)
:) ima watch it tomorrow
yeah that would be good : )
u promise to entertain me? lol i don't need niggaz fallin asleep #nshit :)
aww thanks hun and if you keep trying your day will be as good as mine was. promise :d keep beliebing. god bless
you make me laugh, even days/weeks later. haha :)
you're avi pics cool. damn your hands are huge! :)
oooo i was about to say, how u like my new profile backgound :)
q:its andd i wanna say ur gorgeous :) n bbm me... a:aww thanx
good mrn :)
i'm doin good! :) you aight tho?!
lakers won. no surprise there :) go lakers!!!!!
thanks so much, mike and eva :) really enjoy your blogs, too! #folllowanytime
haha i will. :) i will let u know by sunday...
hahahahaha. grown man mister 15? :)
before i go to bed, another shout out for my blog giveaway! leave a comment to enter! :)
could you follow me back please ? :) <3
happy easter to you as well! hope you & your loved ones have a wonderful weekend =)
next time you're in ny mail me back a slice of pizza :)
congrats on your snowflake win :)
thank u my dearest liaaa =) mizz u bebb..
sounds like an ideal friday night :d
come to my webo cave :)
that would be pretty amazing. but i think you're beautiful just the way you are! :)
#shoutout2dagirlz who still up tweetin' :) <<< me! lol
cunt it's north carolina greensbore 1536 easchester street :) third hous on the left :-)
can u please help me to get 6 moore :) ?
lmaoo :)
your welcome (: oh and i love "serious" <33 is a really good song!! :d
#retweetthis if you want some bomb head from someone now.. this goes for both male and female :)
back at chu hunn :d
please followw us <3 we love you so much , your amazing!! :d
thanks for the live-stream setup pic, d. was wondering how they were doing it :-)
hi :)
:d *giggles
doh! noooooo i'm not lololol but thanks :)
hey can u help me get to 1830 please :)
check on the cover of my new issue! :)
twitter tip. listen – there’s no need to dominate the conversation all the time, so spend some time just reading what others are saying :)
seems like someone's having an entertaining friday night.... :)
im gonna take my rocket ship with to find this man so we can all have a fashion threesome :)
that's funny lol • ha aww!! 2 cute!! =)
if you get public assistance you are not independent! you iz a damned lie is what you are :)
thanks :d you seem to be surprised ( well, your display pic atleast! :p )
smh, don't know why up either, but yeah listening to some melodies & thinking :) be safe in the city because they're going ham
big day tomorrow! more cooking/baking to do. sweet dreams to all & here's to a better tomorrow :) stay positive stay strong! luv 2 all of u
shoutout to my new follower and forgot to mention =)
yeah inoe :d i love you baby muahhhzzzzz
yep. they were robbed. and the fans of 14 other teams were robbed of seeing collingwood get beat. :-)
hii ♡ i'm this club in nyc called blvd... a lot of hot messes in here...lol ready to see my bed :)
haha i'm calling it a night so good night :)
that's real... i hope it all works out for you :-)
any man that likes to dance alone in the mirror at the club is gay! :)
the weather is getting so nice ...i wanna go some where tropical.. :)
marathon week now over & spring break can begin! :) had my tess of the d'urbervilles viewing party at the school 2night. great time...
if you truly love someone, then the only thing you want for them is to be happy....even if its not with you.. =d #love :)
follow back please :)
tomorrow is saturday... manhattan beach then hanging out with my cousin and his wife! i love family :)
people always speculate, don't let them get in ur way.... they say things they don't know! wait til you see my =)
jasmine follow me :d you are sweet <3
artistry in motion will be performing in ny april 30th with season 2 abdc champs, super crew =) more info to come!
i left my house around 11:30... fun huh? don't you wish you were here w/ me? haha :)
dear, please follow :) i'll list u
i hear ya!!! ditto! hope max feels better soon and you guys get some rest! happy easter :)
...believe in fairies. i do, i do!! :) ♫
it's ok to email an ex if they care to hear from you, but do it when you're sober :) <-totally agree.
arriving home :d
i don't know her, i am following now =) do you know my friend...@_chulita_
he's a good guy. i'm glad he wrote to you. :)
85 to 86 -.- and lol yeah well they both debuted this year.. so today is their 2nd game haha :)
personal shoutout and a must follow to :-) fellas she a good look for ur timeline and ladies she will have u dyin w/ laughter :-)
isn't it ironic... :) cats are good fung-shui, but damn they're a handful when acting up!
any man that likes to dance alone in the mirror at the club is gay! :)
:) kemaren aku kenalan lho sama dia di cartel haha going to spend my (cont)
of course! u know me.. i already forgot bout that #wastebitch :)
ill goose all day like i lives at laurel lakes lol =)
hahaha. ok, i haven't watched amc but this damon guys is tad's son with who? and how did he get to town? also, he's cute :)
lol. just saw the ipad cooking. nice :)
any man that likes to dance alone in the mirror at the club is gay! :)
don't mind me. i'm just pms-ing 'cause i'm used to being in the top 7 in that list. :p i wonder if saurabh's in that list. :d
das wassup....2 beautiful sistaz :-)
banget! :) haha seruuurt gossip-ing , laughing with
heart it twitter ini kadang membuat diriku ingin berkomentar macem2 ttg twitt org2 ,, tapi ..? aku bertahhan .. :d
back of the bus party w/ spence and price. shhh don't tell :)
i've added it confirm me please ? :)
someone is cooking bacon in my condo complex at 11. i'm about to go door knocking. with a fork :)
why the h is poppin off on fb?!!?!? do i need to punch someone? :)
