i bet wishes he could meet all of his fans, especially me. but all of them. :)
i know! :)
tell your mommy i said "i love you" haha i miss her :)
:) no great deed is done by falterers who ask for certainty. george eliot (mary ann evans)
you're welcome manny :)
really? y thank you ma dear =)
sponsor as in teman in christ! :) hehe
can someone help me to tell to re-follow me please :) i hope he will re-follow me before my bday :)
umm i don't do nothing i follow him and he follow me back but you can keep tweeting and asking to follow you :d
me+friends are gonna start a pettition to get to verify your account :)
i <3 you. + get to sydney soon!!!
thank you. i was feeling cheeky, talking to a friend. :)
:d hru ?? ur soooo cute!! lol i <3 ur smile :) lol
wow! so good! worth the wait. i would definitely come back here again. except make reservations a month in advance :)
imma need for u to check my most recent email homie! i sent u some heat!! :)
#jonasbrothers fans we rock! :d
lets stop talkin abt it then it'll be off your mind :) lol wyd ?
buy corn tortillas from the supermarket, cut into triangles, deep fry in sunflower oil until lightly brown, remove. :)
lmaoo #jailsex next time :)
lol it's good :)
wait i think added wrong person, my icon is justin shirtless :d
follow meee :d
there are far too many thoughtworkers in darwin atm :)
yikes! better not get too comfortable then! fingers crossed it's still there in the morning :)
i followed :) listed 20 times?
oh god... poor you. good luck with the lunch. i am going to the mils thank goodness. :)
everyone seems to be doing hanami. i'm glad i did it last week, even though sakuras were not in full blossom. :)
yeah, i wanna. :)
wats gooooddd :d
... i could lend you some combats? :-d /via << thank you. how very thoughtful :-)
good morning people sun is shining birds are singing etc etc :d
u totally made my day because it was super bad before i spoke to u :) thank u!
it wasn't too bad. not fantastic, but not a total flop. sam w is certainly nice to look at. :)
yes! but it seems so real. :) ŭ change face with mine? haha :)
riding on one of those horsey things that rock back and forth, except it's a seal. fitting for a playground in seal beach by the beach. =)
:) my dog was definately like my lil baby. i have another dog that needs my attention so much right now bc he's so sad!!
be back soon going to shower :)
i'm gonna unzipper my pants, then piss on you :d
lol...another #tt i couldn't resist joining in on....love & blessings :)
:) are you gonna have another?
ok friends , i will go sleep now :) my back hurts badly :( goodnight luvs #tradegft #bigstartv #dreamhost
¡chao! que estés bien :)
fantastic game, indeed! :) the place looked crazy! i hope they can overcome chicago!
my dear followers.. you should follow my friend : ) she's new to twitter.
thank you, thank youuu :-)
hahaaa yeah me too :d i'm happy for you (:
anywho...off to dream about frosted shredded wheat! ^_^
i just followed them after u rt'd them! haha hella interestin facst yo! :d
why is that??? =)
that's true, each new major release needs a new license. i'll make sure you get one :)
you guys shoud really subscribe to these girls lol they're so adorable :d
i think i need to grow the site a bit more before a forum,so it will be very busy :)
lol wish i was there too. little sauvignon blanc ~ toast to you and say hi to the girls for me :)
thanks...gracias, nagode, soòson. :)
i'm down down down! lol where shall we hit up first :)
thanx for that nice rt! cheers again from dr m :) xx
heck yes<3 you and sam :d lol
you're in transit with mark hoppus :)
omw to fox kid show. :d i wish i'm on time. or the show starts late. noooo! no red light pleaseee!!!
when garrett was signing my poster, ben drew a moustache on garrett haha :)
hey do u think you could help me get to 1900 please :)
:) & i love you!
don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened. :)
will give it a look, with sounds of the 60's on in the background of course :-)
you should just make me something like you did last year. :) haha. cuz i really liked it.
im here now ; you old news . =)
wait wait, i saw tweet earlier and forgot to reply, thanks babe! =)
#ff << this kids ferreal ! :) love him ! follow him ! hes too cool !
haha kk thank-you!! :)
make you smile? :) tehe. let hope not though! i don't want it to end that way! ha.
iyaa, hohoho thankyou!! :d
ohh lol. i hope so too :) why dint you go to the cd store? :p
late #ff for talented artist and nicest hit(wo)man in her idle hours ^_^
i ordered jamaican rice & beans for dinner! delicious :)
:-) #ff (cont)
who's awake?[* raises hand & jumps up n down *] me ! lolll :) (via lol hey there sweetheart. how are you
thanks for followin back :)
hahaha yeahh :/ so, what kind of movie do yo want to watch? :)
last week had to snap me outa my headphone world as i did not even realise my phone was ringing i was that focused :d
ummm and kempton informed me that my building now has wireless =) hell yea
there's no one stopping you :)
tyvm for your kind rts/mentions! :)
don't be sad.... we are still in touch here. :-)
lmfao lemme stop... :) oo baby don't lmfao _lmfao
i've been great, how about you bff? :)
can you please follow me? i alot of your tweets :) 3
just got home. she was definitely a pleasure 2 kick it w/tonight.she really opened up. drove me around & saw the sites. & dinner was gr8! :)
perfect, hope you have a great day :)
haiku throw down word of the day coffee ... hmm, this just might keep awake a bit longer :-)
one last #ff for 3 amazing people who helped me out tonight :) and
you better!!! i need cool roomies! :)
can you please follow me? i alot of your tweets :) 2
hehe rock on dude! :) sing it loud out loud!!!! till your lungs give up! i (cont)
i also want candy. :) #nbs
hugeeeee shoutout to my 1,500th follower>>> go follow her! :d
yes i love it :)
going 2 bed..goodnight and god bless! =)
yep, so my first comment stays kal ho na ho :)
can you please follow me? i alot of your tweets :)
good mornin n thanks for follow n following back , how u doing :)
should totally follow :) or a dm would b finee =)
but you'd think it could handle..... *ahem* .... internet. :)
weekend going by so slow....and i love it :)
#taylorswift #taylorswift13 #welovetswift . your choice! :)
hey :)
fantastic solo bass by mr. aaron wills a.k.a !! cool !! :d
#peopleshould get high just to balance out their lows. :-)
=)
yeah she did! :)
yooooooooooooooooo when r u gonna b london bound huh? :)
you do. then you share :d
it's niiiiiice. less judgement =) i take it yours isn't in the same city?
i'm home and i'm tired. :)
if you want me to follow you back :)
(cont) you are my idol. always &&; forever. lovee you :) yu truly do inspire me to keep trying && dreaming. !
and what if i dont? :o haha no just kidding im spammming it. :)
you're welcome...and you're pretty...i saw your pic :d
calling it a night at 3 am = a good birthday :)
my weekend is this: anything is possible, anything... i will be spending time with my family as always =)
follow my account :d
surprisingly, it is a sunny and bright start to the day here in rutland ..thanks for sparing a few rays, how very kind :)
porn time :) <-lmfao
he didn't say that to anyone else? are you sure? you should try. :d i can't believe he said that! :dd i'm sorry. i'm
wus sup =)
good morning bb :) *hugs*
happy easter to all! say hi to the bunny please! :)
umm.. you don't know my name right? my name is chiko.. :)
is performing right directly in front of me! #slapslapslapslapbaoww :)
hahaha. i'm not kidding. it's stated in my birth cert. :)
you go first :)
nice! that would be cool :)
i'm good :) can't sleep but am now enjoying a nice cool breeze after a very hot day yay :) how r u sis :)
insulate yourself from the #recession with kioskmentor.com make multiple $1000 profits all you do it tweet for me :)
the land if the cheese =) i tell thatvvbto my customes that r from wisconsion
done with dinner :)
he's on track , not otu of the race #f1 :)
shall give you my thumbs up or thumbs down later...! :)
but sexy ass marines here . =) haha .
you idiot :)
i sounded canadian ehh :)
hii =)
great, thanks. today's better than yesterday which was recovering from work & late nights. how's the north of england? :)
text me. :)
kk :)
lmao i told you i would nvr lie to yu :)
follow -------> :d
i love and her sister :-) sweethearts ♥✓
it was great times, though. you did awesome, dude. :)
haha yea i think that's right :)
yaaay! anutha 1 i didn't hav to work for!..lol ;-)rt :)
i jus left the theater :)
ok! will do! :)
right away then! im going to join this #indonesianeedsdemi project :)
a week longer :| god help me hahahaha joking i can't wait!!! :d yayy you can come, it's gonna be soooo fun!
now watching 'grandma's boy' :)
tonight is flying by at work loves it :)
i look really bad. ooopz, time for work :) peace.
#angelbeats! is great, promising as expected :) #anime #fanboyism
killing it :) yayah!
hey baby :)
i am 35, married 15 yrs. and i have 3 kids. son-13,daughters- 11 and 7. :)
definitely just had a wonderful night with my girl sarah at och and kiss and fly. i love you all so much. happy easter weekend!! :)
om alain aku mau #melas&mupeng thankyou om :d
goodnight. :)
*hands you glass of tea* i have some too! :) it's very depressing. we're tired too much. blah!
indeed it is!!!! love it :) is poppin!
ohhh r u!! funn :) i'm hm got an early morning of work!! u dolls have fun b safe!! :p
yes! u comin? sore ini perform di pvj bandung (fossil) ? =)
hell yeah man! "dj spincky" :d
i put it on in time for miley's performance. i iiiike this song. :d
lol oh its not only gon be that :)
is creeping our tweets, because he jhuss posted something on facbook :)
hey, jacky. can i call you jacky? :) i'll call you jacky. yes, jacky, we'll get #askjacqueline trending. just for you! :d
thank you!! email d.joshua.drake@gmail.com when promopirateswa is up and ready :)
happy birthday trenyce. sorry i couldn't make it. :)
seriously?! :d
o0o0oh!! good luck! sorry to hear you're leaving gh, but the opportunities for you are endless! go for it! :)
i love u #votelabour :) (for those who dont know the first 3 words are used to con women by the illegal broadcasters) ;)
a post for keyword fans :) crazy dumb viral comment post pls thanks
thanx :)
i want to hit pikes place too. :d
thanks ya kak ;) happy birthday yaaa wish you all the best =)
i can understand why. when is it? i will lift you up in prayer and keep positive thoughts n vibes while you're under as well. :)
i'm enjoying all my girls and guys tonight. we may be spread over the world, but sure feels all together close. :) love it.
hmmmm , haven't heard from you all night ... #kanyeshrug #ohwell .. :)
ahh im fainting :) twyla's fainting also!
i'm there! gimme details, merci! :) montréal party bus!!
your wish, ... :d
#peopleshould get high just to balance out their lows. :-)
mean girls y 500 days of summer son las mejores peliculas para quotear :d
awww thaaaaanks :)
wow you guys have coffee in germany too? thats so american! :)
goodnight twitter see ya tomorrow :) ♥
just got home. had fun but i'm tired .. very tired! now, i'm playing w/ my niece sadie, she really makes me happy :) -- nicole ;)
i'm watching it. :)
i love that everyone is talking to me today .. i love my new followers :)
same looks in aasal too. she was hot in that movie too :d
»-(¯`v´¯)-» #grateful to people who make me happy :-) thanks friends
oooh thanks very much! :d very happy my birthday to you too, and everyone else!
ur icon :) hope u like it =)
hmmm, im going to sleeeeeeeep<3 (: gotta wake up earrlllyyyy tomorrowwww! :d nightttt everyone! love youusss<3
