was that on food network?! :)
everything you're not :)
pls call 081321566699 (kika) for wedding conslt. jnur kuning wo is made 4 ur wed plan :d minta wedding decoration
this month? really? there's still crazy amounts of sand and ice in those areas! why not june? : )
follow please :)
hmm. got and meds? i could bring you some...early :-)
:) done, keep the goods coming and yet they're the ones behind dl styling
no problem! hope you have a good one! :)
haha, owh, aviators! :) haha! i do wanna get that sunnies la! after much considerations! :)
thats great news! hope you get some rest this weekend! :)
that's okay :) i love chocolates xd well, who doesn't anyways? haha :)
haha one day :d
tell me if you wanna refollow :)
no dont fuck off xd yes any music mr blakey wants :) <3
im watching the ustream thing! lmao :) i missed the chat :(
yep, knitting at home! and sleeping. a sound plan, methinks. hope your evening gets better. :-)
ur turn now in famedom... yayyy .. :d
gotta clean house from top to bottom before i freak out a lot :) :) xo
follow now :d
i listed u 2 times :)
i'm seeing waiting in line in palo alto. news crews are here. watch the news now! :)
the elvis panini would be awesome combined with the grilled poundcake recipe :)
follow please :)
good night! i just dropped back in to tuck everyone in. late night in camelot. :)
followed! :)
goodnight! sweet dreams! =) *hugs*
as much as i can :)
yes i saw that! you guys have worked so hard! i do hope you find some time to rest your brains! lol is broadcast working too? :)
happy birthday grandma :)
yu...yu...and yu....! could get the business...but i gotta boo...sowwwyyyy.... :-)
bday present :)
lol good :) i just have a really bad memory
haha :-) i was going to call you a sergio stealer in my original tweet but decided to take it out, but now... sergio stealer!
last free night= interesting night of bowling. :)
goodnight my loves! keep the booty holes tight :)
follow please :)
soo i know like half of you are jealous you don't get my random text messages that i send. :)
oh dang! we so need to clone you :d
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
now u talkin hit me in the am ill have it to u with some breakfast lol :)
my boyfriend has my password to everything :)
retweet if you want to see #honorsociety on trending topics :d
it is a very good name!! :)
where? free burgers are always good. :)
ok here's the pic =)
yeaeaeaeaea :)
guess we just have that effect on each other :) loves it. and love him ! k time for bed. got a long and early day ahead of me. gnite! xoxo
luv u sexy! :)
thank u so much!!! appreciate the support :)
follow please :)
i'm on my way now :) /we bout to be in that thing!
thanks for following!!! :d
thank you strangerrr :) haha dnt hate on her smh lol queeeeeeeeeer! :) i love him. plain and sim
heey shmucks!.. naivasha's wet too but the moods great! :)
most sincere appreciation for your rtl : )
well hello there :)
thanks boo :)
why did i get married :)
up & out early for a bike ride with bonus is not forecast to rain this morning :)
gonna start making my & tribute :)
she's my favorite. :)
thanks :)
will u plz follow me?! ur totally amazing and not to metion hot ;) bahah no seriously :)
aha, live forever obv :)
follow me please
i love that you put pepper on your popcorn! everyone hates it when i do that! but i think it's the best! :)
night beautiful. :)
on my way :)
all of my twitter relationships are platonic. i pretty much love all of you :)
#ff crazy but sweet and funny :)
thanx :)
i'm not talking about your comment :) don't worry. it supposed to be for other people. and yes they are still together.
hi kristinia! you are gorgeous :) how are you?
she is still amazing :-)
congrats, u've reached 1010 followers!! yippiee.. :d
riding on boys motorcycles! :)
bout 2 call it one... please no drunkin phone calls when u niggas leave the club lookin ass lol night :-)
good morning to you as well from about eight hours behind. and good to meet you too. :-)
that makes two of us and i'm however many hours ahead of you! :)
i can't cuz thee other ones i want and i need lol :)
:d youre always welcome:））
this strawberry haggen dazs ice cream is giving me what i need right now :) goodnight.....
ask questions guys! me and paris are live :)
:) thank you james!!
thanks for the mention :)
i'm stationed in atsugi! :)
wait i didnt say goodnite to nite nite sweet dreams or a jay nightmare. =)
happy birthday pattie! i hope you had a wonderful day :)
we love you!
that's so true to cover all possibilities :)
:) much love to the #echelon and our friends in 30 seconds to mars for a legendary showdown. mcrmy & echelon = bffs
haha haiii siang jg..makasi ya siang smua :) special buat ka
while u guys think ur cool clubbin n drinkin n dancin n wat not...... i'll be warm in my house cuddlin with lilmiss :)
even though i dont have ur name in my username, inside i'm a 100% #jasminator!! :) i luv ur song serious! plz follow me.1
q:hay how are you? my power was out almost all day. it just came bac... a:i am great! :) you!?
follow please :)
omg plz plz plz u havent notice any of my tweets! i want to be a #goldenticketbuddy soooo bad! pick me plz<3 i love justin :)
shout outs to my new follower. #ff : )
yuup :) best of both worlds lol
i'm claiming a major placement by this summer! matter of fact, i'm claiming several placements by this summer (in jesus name) :)
i don't want to control him. i just want him to do what i say : ) << i like that one lol
ahahah its his car's namee :)
most of them written 2004-2005 :-)
i def. fukzs w/yo twitcon :d
as i was getting out of the taxi to go to bed, about 10 mins ago, my mum was getting in hers to go to work. oh dear :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
good night :)
dream third person perspective ayirunno? means where u watching the events as a third person..atho u were inside the bus :d
goin nite nite....my lovelees i love you... mistah lovah!! ?braaaaaaavoooooo : ) i think i love you mostest.
gotta love for taking 100+ to the movies tonight!!! super cool dude!! :)
well i know you wil lfind a job and it will be ok. :) what do you have planned today?
:) i hear ya. i wasn't poking fun at you.. i struck me as funny in regards to me!
happy that i kicked some ass in spades tonight <3 :d
you're so sweet. im just kidding =)
"why are #trying so hard to fit in, when #you're born to stand out." ~ what a girl wants :)
:) already know goood ! (: hahaha finaally someone whose #real !
gonna try really hard to make your bday party. if i'm in town, i'm so there! :)
im serious boo. =)
if you believe that dreams really do come true, and to never give up :)
qood niteee bd =)
offline most of tomorrow is going to drive me nuts. but will be awesome to see my family and ceremony in the longhouse :)
sency kayanya hehe week end kmana nh ??rt hey juga :) hi jess :)
picking out music for the mini roadtrip, good morning :-) ♫
uhmm.. :) i'd rather live forever??? :)
it's last night in la. *tear. we're all making it count! jim deschamps in the house and i can't stop laughing! :)
happy easter to you, mama!!! :-) you are just waking up. i am getting ready for bed. hope to be in same time zone again.
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
so people think you should star in a romance-comedy movie :) what do u think?
thank you =)
keep retweeting my last tweet if you want 20 followers ! <3 ill be picking a winner in 5 minutes :d
yes, i play piano: i actually played trombone in high school too (lol)..guess it runs in the family :-)
happy ipad release day, y'all. :)
they are :d (u're an hr in anyhow? xd)
silly question on my part. only came to know of it yesterday, from my cricket loving hubby! :) my gossip skillz r rusting
you're so welcome! same to you! | thanks for & #ff! :) i hope you're well! happy 13bedar!
ay wassup :)
yeah!! :d do you questions about jb!
y'all know how much is obsessed with me? y'all should follow him :)
i'm hoping somebody records a full-length version of it on one of the later tour dates. :)
3 shots in... #shoutout to the bartender.. he's def takin' care of me and :)
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
thank you ! after all this helping i have done your the only one who has been this nice & didn't ask me to help them! :d
=) buen tema, gran banda!!! muse- supermassive black hole
i'm just playin ya know i love ya =) lol
hey benj! we made you a video full of support&positivity! check it out if you can :) love you!
first eight people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) -1
so excited.... :-)
hahahaha sexy!!! :) lol. i should make a collage of pictures of him :)
do you want to follow meeeeeeeeeeee? :)
almost as green as walking! :)
p.s. guess who text me :) :) :) :) :) :)
yeah :d
yes he's following my personal and this account :) he's cute btw :)
finally utilizing the token mr paul lim gave me for hosting the graduation night. hot choco from coffee bean amidst the cold weather! :d
do you? lol oh boy.. i'll try to be gentle! =)
*drum roll* well its about that time that i get on tweepi.com & see who's not following me :) ;; prepared to get flushed!
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
i will & i can't wait to see you either :d
i need 8 list :)
omw too skyline .. with the lovely ladies & :)
first eight people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :)
nice. gonna do some searching now =)
if you believe that dreams really do come true, and to never give up :)
hey around here we are giving you a round of applause :)
can you sing forever by chris brown? i love you so much. :) <3 #iicdhouse
you are so freaking on top of this!! that's mad love. we actually just shot the video. you're getting the exclusive. :)
lol hope u found wat u was lookin for :)
ouuuuu, ryan sheckler. :)
o photoshop cs2 :)
there's no texas dot though! (we only started the map a couple days ago :) )
i want to follow you! :) tell me if your following us & were not following you back..bc yeahhh hahah i wanna follow back :)
dead men don't bite. plutarch (46-120) well...don't get to close :)
shoutout to ← go follow now! :)
yall doin the darn thing at tijuana garage :) boogie nights it is:) labrys magazine i'm ready for my close up!!!!!:d
kirtan! now 1st fri's w the group! primo :)
totally :) i love these questions :)
you changed your pic! omgarsh! hi hi!! :d
put some clothes on! steppping out :)
follow me back please? thanks :)
especially not before this month is over hint hint =)
totally :) i love these questions :$
i'll be doing those grambling tinychats more now that i have free time ^_^
thanks for the suggestion, i'll give that a try :) regarding hosting, yup its a pain, but worth it in the long run..
nooo don't say that... :( i guess i'll find out tomorrow. :)
i love how always takes time to tweet her fans :d
hello guys! im harmless. follow me please? :d lol imfao
#peopleshould learn some damn manners!! as nice as i am...i'm an even "nicer" bitch :-)
your welcome :)
it's so beautiful huh? i love it (but hate the pollen). have to go take real pictures of them this weekend. :)
thank you very much for the ff :)
thabks babe! celebrating scotts new house :)
#nowplaying sorry :) ksahku bneran ne lagu :')
well, yea, the mclarens look good. so do the mercs.. and now the ferrari's r quicker too, hot race today :)
selamat siang.. =) medd siiang kag :d
love it hope you don't mind if i retweet it! :)
thanks! :)
follow please :)
really?! ur so luckyy! i would cry if i see !its my dream!:d i love disney :)
yeah! i know cuz! :-)
just laying here listening to jb & skyping with ppl<3 you? :)
