good night & sleep well :) twugs!
don't be caught flat-footed. unknown no...i won't :)
hanging out with the j!nx crew... this is really fun =)
heard you'll be one of the housewives of beverly hills!! can't wait to see portia running around with her louis bags :)
that is the correct response. :)
awwwah... super sweet of ya! :d thanx for the follow friday! and depressed... u? neveerrr! smile!*
lol fanks! ;-) just remember one thing: old skiers never die. they just go downhill. :)
so i finally took off those stupid updates that go to my fone :)
i found away around all that! lol i found a media fire link to it and it's working! i'm getting other th songs too! :d
lol hey :) its melissa n. from myspace :d
#peopleshould start 2 respect #michaeljackson. the king of pop's innocent, kind&friendly. #juststfu if u don't repect him, go 2 hell. =)
can you please follow me? =)
tonight was amazing. just got home, any more plans? :d party?
owww!! thanks boo. =)
i ♥ god :) god is good :d
yeah, that might be easier. i swear us vampires are beyond stupid. :)
#juststfu and follow ya girl!! i'm a big thang round here :) i keep it poppin..ya know :) <<<=== #follow now
hmm that was a good lunch :d
shoutout :)
#peopleshould #juststfu :)
good night & sleep well :) twugs!
thank you, maya :) always glad to inspire.
if you follow me, i will be extremely happy :d
when you queue for that long how do you deal with the loo situation? :)
it takes the burn away!! my dad told me that. #ancientchinesesecret :) lmao
i added you :)
:)
you finally have a twitter! about a thousand years late but it's pretty fun/addicting i think. :) welcome!
gonna get meself some cookies :d
if you read this dm me! :)
just emailed you a completely different proposal. if i wasn't taken though, i'd consider an eleventh :)
oh, yea, i'm now a level 13 human fighter. had to update my twitter bio. :)
i know i've been slacking everywhere on the internet with comments and all but i will tomorrow before work :) today, i was exhausted&sick!:(
i see, everything been good thank god just chillin on my grind like always =)
never. you are my besties :)
fact, after meeting him ryan aka became my favorite jb band member : ) hes soo nice
please promise u will never ever forget u're fans :) .. oh, i dont have to ask cuz i know u will never forget ur fans :)
hey new followers :) say something.
thank you very much! i'm drinking some wine bottles and having some fun! really appreciate your message! :-)
happy birthday and remember: there's only one :) #nscm
hmmm, interesantă iniţativa #magicblog a lui :) felicitări şi succes :)
!dave832009 thank u babes =)
don't worry i'll watch :) haha
knp luuu? haha alhamdulillaaaah :)
q:i washed my sheets with lavender and camomile soap, are you jealo... a:i really am jealous :)
hayoooo smlm minum apa mpe kondean? :d headache pls go away... i need to enjoy my long weekend...
love you :) told me to write you haha
oh, yeah that's right, pretty woman is on too.. good movie night; purple rain and pretty woman...niiiice :d
it's working now! haha thanks for telling me :)
well i kinda need the password :d
i have the issue, ad i thought those were so cute! :)
may event 2nyt ang big fish d2 bora, 3d!! imagine??! gus2 kong ma experience kso mahal syet! hmmm.. :)
omg fact: i like being called ma =) lol...
yeep :) with which celeb ? ;)
wah gua masih di luar kota. let me know your next gig. i might drop by :) >> will do. uncle jack's on me.. hoho.
bwa bwa bwaaaa :) wish i was eating fruity pebbles with right now
terrific #ff friends! ty for the rts & #ffs :)
welcome to hollywood. what's your dream? ahhhhh... she rescues him right back :)
*giggles* okay. :d
got a few new followers from germany! hey guys! :-)
thank you for noticing :d
can u plz follow me :d i luv ur song serious :d i listen to it all the time :d <33
dropbox is indeed awesome! :)
thank uuu i'm happy u doo :d
pies win by 1 point :) #aflpiesdemonds ... go pies!
we had joy and so much fun!! :)
call me tomorrow! i have some info for you about the show :)
awww. :) is there room for me? \\ i have a big bed!
lmfao i do :) <3 <- i kno i kno o:) its hard not too love me o:)
that's a funny one, blaming mallu for that :)
awesome, thanks! and no problem :)
lmfao ;p i dont mind. on my www.dawsonfever.exist3d.net site under bored? click! there are recent edits i posted :)
oh well okay. :)
we're so alike it's amazin and i second that, i think we should talk more too :)
hee put aa smilee on my faceee =) !!! ilovee !! ♥
i jus slapped my sister hehe :)
good night & sleep well :) twugs!
thanks very much! i really appreciate that. i'm trying to train myself to look at details i would otherwise ignore :)
:) i would buy one but i live in south america :/ and its very complicated
ohh btw, i love when rt's my tweets. it makes me happy. :) weird...i know. haha
sup sweetie.? < hola. :)
lol..... :) you good. that's good. i miss yall.
mmmmmm im probably the only one who waits for my cereal to get soggy before i eat it, :d
good thing my day turned out amazing :)
yes they are open to canada only if it specifically says "usa only" obvi means usa only other than that they are :d
wooooah. now, i think that means something gooood! :) '13' treated me very nice this week. your turn!
"reste avec moi" by would also b good 2 hear...please, :)
a little tipsy and ready for bed, goodnight all :) <3
thank you for making my night amazing. :)
going to sleep goodnite everyone god bless :)
i'll be mia this weekend :) maybe i'll tweet a photo of the ranch but its def time for some alone time away from technology!!
#shoutout2dagirlz that follow me i♥u and we ♥ u more :)
berr berr berr byuuuur! mau berenaaaaang! cepluk. cepluk. cepluk. :d
that's the spirit. ther people have it far worse. :)
sleep ka batwara? nahii!! rt: heheh thats my habbit every morning . i sleep in every room :) for 15 mins each :)
lol fanks! ;-) just remember one thing: old skiers never die. they just go downhill. :)
good night & sleep well :) twugs!
yay thats my fav too :)
have a nice day ck! aadiks miss you so much na! ingat lagi! =)
why so cryptic? regards, a warriors fan. --- just thinking "out loud" to the abyss!! lol :)
