aowww i see you =)
today where i live in its already the 3rd of april ! :o soo that means in exactly 12 days, it will be my birthday! :d (april 15th) ! yayy!
:) thankyou you too yaa :)rt :p hahaha. have a nice day!
going home now from bowling!(: that was sooooo much fun!! :d
*picks up and tosses like a boomerang* :d
*lol* :d contoh #pacarposesif : "remove mantan kamu dari facebookmu!!"
has 5602 emails thanks to prwire.blog.com :)
i am loevd! :) yes ;) :)
in san francisco, it's always time to start a drum circle. that's why i live in redwood city. :)
sky just called me :) i love her so so much. i think we're still getting married.
never ever.. i have more drumsticks and picks than most the band members :d hahaha yeah good just been chillin :) and you?!
"why did i get married 2" was really good :)
you're welcome! :d
haha... karan u shud make a comedy yaar :) ater this workout all i have to say is my name was karan!!!
hey boo wassup =)
well obvz. all my clips kick ass :)
hahah i'm sure you have a good enough imagination :d
yeah cuz practicly every1 knows where la is haha :)
wish i could get one(shoutie) :)
»-(¯`v´¯)-» #grateful to people who make me happy :-) thanks friends
thanks :)
some people wear spiderman pajamas. spiderman wears chuck norris pajamas === haha :)
who else up ? #fucksleep :)
smile! because you can :)
ma movie finna go off then i'm off 2 bed my lovelys :)
:-)
next 5 who follow--> <-- gets a shoutie and get followed :) tell me if u do! go now!
tnx lv. im nt in accra th moment tho. n err.....u can refrain from saying where u thnk i am :)
ohh ok thank you :)
interesting. will have to add to my list of things to investigate :)
you're right, it's impossible to find now. oh well, the moment has passed. :)
completely switched away from hosting supplier's mx to my own. hopefully it runs well :)
no worries, always down to support positivity amigo :d
that's what's up! :)
this trip is going to be so much fun. :)
in need of a new book? we've got another contest coming your way later today. 5 of you will win a copy of *something* find out later! :)
good. i have no doubts about his acumen as a coach, but the man has trouble speaking. :) makes some important points in the article
haha. im awesome? :) thanks for admiting i was <3
thinking of viral campaigns. that's what excites me. :-)
home. bed. long night. end of story. :)
i wanna see you one and one, millions times all the time hahahaha :d
some people wear spiderman pajamas. spiderman wears chuck norris pajamas === haha :d
i will try to help you get more followers hunn! =)
kk :) you gave me 10 followers :) thanks
good day dear! happy easter to u then :-) how do u celebrate in sweden?
yeay tonight/tomorrow, still no idea what to snap but really looking forward to it somehow :d
i see that you've been active in your droid sales outreach on twitter. cool :-) let's see what you can do for me :-) #curious
pour me one of what you're having xoxo :)
announce that i'm 2 mos preg || wuddn me.//wouldn't you what? i knew it, you're pregnant! right? :d
put urs on :)
glad you had an amazing time :) goodnight!
gudnite friend!!! me luv u long time ok :) if i dnt go to work we hanging tomorrow lol
if you love me, i'll love you too :)
im gonna sleep goodnight have sweet dreams :)
ap! :) hey mrs. deeee jaaaaaaay-haaaaaaaay. why don't u slow this parrrrtyyyy dowwwwwwwn... dime time!
hey are u in touch with ruchi malik still? :)
big ups to my 300th follower :)
overboard :) i'm addicted to this song :)
i'm about to tear this kicthen up :)
lol oops just read the other tweet ur in bed now lol have a good sleep hugs sis :)
new stock going into the shop today..can't see it being there for long though :-)
follow me = followed :d
its comfortable i love it :)
really?? what is 2ne1 up to now? :)
yup... back in hyd :-) just lazing arnd to get bk from the hectic work schedule.
hi there :)
hahahahaha this is a photo :d why do you feel like you're talking to a celeb? hahahaha
kkkkkkkk ! :)
and my night starts now... :)
thanks matey :) think you'll enjoy th13teen ... not uber scary just good fun ... tho we did get stuck on it last week lol
good night everyone!!!! :d
oh cool as, sounds good :) :) wish i got stuff from ppl
thats okay...its just a way of testing your friendship :d
thanx!!! :d
yes he have tons of tweets hha yes me too they r amazing :d they always make me smile :dhey i g2g :(talk tomorrow? :) bye kisses
ahh you should write a song about how much you love girls, and how you're a boy what do people expect? :d
dead squad \m/ ayuks! :) undang apa? tanggal 1 mei dateng ke pensinya brother kita yukss
morningggg! :) i've got a long day ahead of me i hope you all have a productive day!
i kno right! that's all u...u kno where to find me :) wait...no u don't lol< right
i think i just slept wrong, and whatever position i ended up in, was uncomfortable. i'm pretty comfy now! :-) thanks for askin!
why are you watching youtube vids? is this research? boy its friday night, go out! :d
the shark isn't hungry, having just feasted on the other member of the rescue team... :-)
hay << shakinn blood :)
a rocket to the moon or the summer set :d
thats good! :) do you have the weekend off??
hahaha ok just long as i'm hurt in da rite way i'm cool :)
#lonelytweet but hey :) umm talk to me lol
late lunch anti- social session :) (@ ตลาด อ.ต.ก.)
goodnight everyone. :)
hehe 2nd that ! kal kare so aaj kar spare us the drama eh? allright nuff-said :)
when did you get so beautiful? :) "tangible" <3
ladies is pimps too, go ahead & brush your shoulders off . < *brush's shoulders off* :)
i read your tweets. good night :)
*hugs* :d
time to get up and ready for breakfast with doodles & :) and wondering if will be joining us??
ya donggg! :d with me and jg ☺ bakerz inn cuss
just poored cornflakes in tea cup. good morning this morning. :-)
oh i see yeah :d thanks
...soooooo. i guesss i kinda ... :)
thanks for re tweeting it now i gave you a shout out ^_^
i hop jo mai thinkin iska meanin wahi hai :d (mkc) lol mkc is the awesomest swear word. one word and all the frustration ou
i'll try my hardest!! i think you know how i feel about mayday haha :) <3
soak them until you get the desired color. you dont rinse them afterward. cook soak look at the prettiness. =)
: »-(¯`v´¯)-» #grateful to people who make me happy :-) thanks friends
oh yea.? welp might as well get it out now cuz yu gonna turn into satan later.* night royyyyyyyy.! :) lbs. . .
i got you your goal :)
my foxy baby always makes me feel better when i'm not having the best of days :)
hey lovee : )
q:ikno iwould haha how would igivee it too youu thoe?? .... a:mail to my address :)
at morgan's with her and heather :)
wants that jacket and shirt from your avatar lol..i miss the sun ill be your way soon :-)
i love hershey's kisses :)
thanks & your very welcome :)
sounds like you had lots of fun ^_^ was it an after school actvity thing or just something you and your friends came up with?
just sang background for thee el debarge.. great experience! :)
*giggles* aww i want that :)
you seem awfully fond of this guy named tedx. what does the x stand for anyway? it's okay, you can tell us. :)
take my source to the grave! :)
:) thanks. ehehe. so what cha doin?
"the supreme accomplishment is 2 blur line between wk & play" ~arnold toynbee #quote :)
relaxing :d
larnelle harris!! lol probably not. big fan of his though, but cannot really envision it. :-)
yeah, prove me wrong. :) sssshhhh keep your secret!
awesome! :d
to :) sorry for the long wait. hope u like it :)
you're much too cute for your own good. just fyi. :)
i ♥ love ♥ my friends ooo yes i do....i especially love one friend that's you!!!!!!!!!! ~warm hugs~ mazey :)
lol why, i bet u look good the way u r :)
excellent! :) i'll give it a listen
ayo follow → dapet free voucher makan di restoran 'loncho & lonski' setiap malam minggu kliwon! :d ayo follow!!!
siobhan is such a sweet mystery..a fantasy rather :-) #fb
haha i know right :)
this looks so real! we have a new employee at my work! :)
i'm good :)
ah ha. i was sure & confident. par jab tak maine lock kiya, computer ji ne jawaab hee badal diya :)
oh thanks :)
aw, aren't you sweet trying to portect me. :) i feel very loved right now!!
haha thank you so much :)
anyway, this jump mattress scene on glee is help me to smile :)
i'm bout to #juststfu and take my rump to sleep!! lol :-) goodnight tweeties *muah*
well i hope everything gets better babe i'm here if u need me =)
lol thanks for the shout out!! :d if youre not listening to www.houseofsound.org go fuck yourself. #jussayn
so im only 50 away from 2k :) make it happen
thank you :) i snapped another photo with my new mood board...
en route to the beach :)
rightbk atcha :)
megan...who is like 2 grades older than kevin is his gf. hahaah she hates us it's sort of funny :)
:-) excellent! now have rs image stuck in my mind however.
u knoww its pretty =)
things for #i-pad :) nice video
nice nice, great 2 tweets back! bring it on!! xx cheers dr m :) xx
heres ur icon :) hope u like it :p
here you go :)
out with my twin sissie, tonight= trouble :d
oh right okay sip. we make the stories. for now, kita bikinnya di bb group :d
exactly :d no death or dying talk when it comes to eo, not unless it comes to that. i'm gonna live in eo fantasyland for now ;)
all da waaay! ;) with . and soon to be :)
i love new avi! he's so funny :)
were a family. we all have eachothers backs. if you ever need to talk you got my email :) -josh
morphic resonance :) i saw it in this 1992 book: lots of great stuff in there
»-(¯`v´¯)-» #grateful to people who make me happy :-) thanks friends
sheeeeesh i really dont be thinkin haha , smhhhh oh welll aint nothin wrong w, being friendly :)
sure sure :) trying to clear out my list :(
awwe thanks :)
hheeellll yea!! i jus heard it for tha first time in a while :)
is possibly the sweetest person ever. :)
please follow me!!! this would be the highlight to day :) ♥
thank you! :-) #ff
touch down capital! alhamdulillah :)
nice icon!! =)
tweet gue berapa sih?rt dong liatin yaa hehe makasih :)
but really what's happening to me? i used to party 7 days a week!!! hmmm gotta do smth abt this... for now, beach-time =)
twitter off descanse :)
hahah my friend insisted. and i love road trips, so... hahah! well it was my 2nd one, but i loved it! :)
hope you guys all had a blast! sorry i missed you 2nite :)
i want , & , to follow me . i already got twist . :)
partying like it's 2005! :)
guys, wanna know my secret? :)
:-) the push to legalize marijuana: it's real care2 news network: voting ballots in california this november wil...
yeah...but its okay... :d
i love you guys :) me too! miss u shaaw! :) miss u too :) (cont)
:-) hempnews » blog archive » america's push to legalize marijuana ...: april 2, 2010 advocates who want to take...
life would be 10x better if you replied to me :)
tnx 4 th #ff :)
:-) the push to legalize marijuana: it's real | yooxe: you may have heard there's a push to legalize marijuana in ...
yea:) like u and my nigga lil benz aka lol| yeeeehhhhh ! :)
heheh! aal aa naattil bayangara famous aaaa! -> notorious?.. it's also a way of famous you know.. :d
what? :)
birthday party was great. :-) grateful today is saturday. #zzzzzzz
happy weekend! apa rencana kalian hari ini? god bless rock n roll! :)
shuffling on the dancefloooo where you at ! :)
awwhhh booski< he told me he luvs u a gazzilion times 2night!!! he's dope!!! luv u guys 2gether yeaaaaaaa!!!! :)
i should really become a dj...dj asianfresh on the 1's and 2's ::wickie::wickie:: --i would learn from the best :)
you go girl and wishing you the best! :d (am i supposed to say, "break a leg"?) please fill the naive one over here in ...
this desire is nice for on the go. sense roms are pretty nice :-)
thanks 4 the follow, maka... follow baaaaack :)
aye i love the tat =)
sorry, i unfollowed u by accident, my phone be actin up, plz accept me again, n dnt be a stranger :)
i bet powershell isn't even included in vcdx :-)
i love you!!!!!! thanks :) sooooo excited!
