you are most welcome. :)
awwww he will :) trust me :)
yw :) i'm glad you like it :)
you and dem pics..oh my damn :)
oooooooo! that's exciting. i've thought about going back for interior or layout design. or for a mast's to teach :)
huuge smile on my face :) lol go #jonasbrothers!
longest i stayed up was till 7am chatting to on msn and i then had 1 hour sleep :)
i approve of anything charlie related :)
..eff' u;; no i dnt...at least its cute;; && u know it is 2 soo u #juststfu =)
i'm from hong kong and i'm half chinese/filipina :) its 3:09pm here. #jasminator
going to bed, long day ahead. wake up, wash the car, get ready then head to joann's & help get things ready for her engagement party :)
finally settled on what to wear tonight... thank you to cuzzies ezaad and :)
that's an excellent night. two great movies. :)
it was cool.. i was laughing the whole time =)
lol hey do what u gotta do, lmao! :-)
goodnight my tweet peeps. :)
have a good knight hun. :)
i hate i missed the show... i know y'all were amazing!!! i love you!! :)
i love you too soul mate! :) you make me smile!
that will work :)
please follow me? :)
let's just hope that victory was obtained during the era of cellphone cameras. :)
try now :d
morning luv big hugz i have a cuppa with me :d xxx
i enjoy listening to your cinch broadcasts. you guys are really funny :)
hey spec :-)
followed :) followed follback please :)
oh yea! i keep some now ans laters on deck...and i always share :) *throws u a pack*
watching it now! i own it tho so might flick over to mib when it starts :)
i mean,ya name the movie,step up(both),stomp the yard etc etc etc....amazing moves i agree....but as a movie,nah just doesn't work for me :)
you're welcome! :)
gooodnight #janetfam : ) i loves ya. we stick together & we will always have back. i loves you janet <3
then we're even :d -nick
do you love all your fans ? :) and can you please follow me!? :d hrjkdl
yum :-)
i'm good and you? :)
lovin the new avatar pic :-)
heyy best bud =) wat u up to girl
today i'll be potting on the herbs, flower arranging, typing up new menus for tues & buying lots of cream eggs to give away this weekend :-)
do you love all your fans ? :) and can you please follow me!? :d
its saturday in england! and its my birthdaay :d
i hope ever get a my world 10.0 it would be awesome :d
i think your the sexiest man on twitter !< : ) thank u hun
aww that's soo sweet my looove, :) y u nah gon ya bed<--i am as we speak lol
i kno... it's just that fe farg between hose two :)
ohhh that will be an amazing trip! the 8 gb isn't too expensive. it's worth it :)
i love it when a band/artist i like follows me and or tweets/replies me. :)
yeah hes a singer, hes from austrailia and just starting out youtube him! :)
all done! and now we have a networking session! and i feel exciting! :) #smcchn
tennessee loves you! please notice me :)
thanks for the suggestions! :-)
who's all dha waaay tatteddd or how sayzs #yattedd :d
i don't know who wyatt is, but both you and him are awesome. :)
thank you thank you!! wish you could see me a little better but oh well! :)
i'm a star, i do what stars do. i ride on yachts, i autograph lady lumps and i pay people to slap them. :)
u'll never know what time it is here =)
followed (: folback yaa thanks :)
hopefully falling asleep now? i had a fun night with you, babe! :)
i saw your blog. great post :)
1 more day and i get to see my boo. hurry up sunday and get here. :)
awesome!!! i have always wanted to go there :)
wooow! i asked the bartender for a strong drink & i think he tried to kill me o_o :)
if follows you :) x
haha i am not :)
awwww! you need to go to a show & meet her. she looks even better in person :)
yesssss i have 750 followers! :) thanks.
igot chu :)
actually i'm not support them but now i support them cause i think miley is happy with liam but i support niley too :) you?
hey it's me from omegle :)
hellyes!!! thank you!!! this almost makes up for not bein able to m,ake it to sydney for it! you guys rule! :d
boreeddd . anyoneee wannaa tlkk? :)
wyd now?? :-) oh yeah and dm
lol... very small world!!! it's a weird thing. i was suppose to dm you that last message, so i deleted it... ooopsy :)
maybeee i do lol i wuvvvv you terbear :d
it's a young movement, make sure to check us out later :)
loving your blogs man! :)
nice...practice makes perfect. :)
just on the label not on the grooves of the record btw :)
rt"aint no ac in this mug! yea i'm out! see u n <~~ ms burrito is out with porsche. yall b safe :-)
.yeahhh! philippines are still awake!! :) its 3 in the afternoon here! :)) so hot......
can i have your autograph on a bento? :) woohoo! <3 #lost
heii :) whats up?
in member committee office :) ai visit just finished yesterday now planning to chill the whole day !
yaaaay!u did a great job!!hope there will be more to come : )
oh goshhh, i dont :o wait on, il try and find out :) brb. x
do you love all your fans ? :) and can you please follow me!? plz pzl plz
can you this, please :) all you rockers at #easterfest make sure you check out bestbefore sunday 8:50pm alley stage!!! woo!!
look at them :)
goodnite and by the way u were 1 of the sexiest smooth girls :-)
i'm a star, i do what stars do. i ride on yachts, i autograph lady lumps and i pay people to slap them. :)
a little sneak preview of interior :) we're doing trials now & will open very (cont)
would luv to catchup in april when u here. foodie, geek n travel talk :)
are you speak english? :)
would luv to catchup in april when u here. foodie, geek n travel talk :)
portable hole + bag of holding = new party. :-)
lol put it as ya backround if you love it so much :)
classic! love 'em. between the legs films posters: || wodalodalegz!! : )
do you love all your fans ? :) and can you please follow me!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :ss
doing well :) no party tonight?
i know :) *mwah
