wow this is sooo cool. thx sarah :)
sleep like a baby =)
if u want to be followed by :)
i just saw, quite near indeed :)
head(less)lines today : 03.01.10 : : do if u like it!! :)
i want shoutouts! :d
rain woke me up. its funny though cuz the sound of rain also helps me sleep :)
you're sooo pretty, :)
del kar do .. varna addiction ho jayega.. twitter ki tarah.. :)
lol. hahaha. are u orginally from toronto? u seem to be a very cool person and prettty too :)
i don't :) lol who likee my new backqround & twitpic " )
deal! my fav is chicken noodle :) im so excited :) you have no idea!
touche! i'm am kidding as always :) what isn't sexual about dinosnores?! :)
sounds like u havin a good time :)
than all of us, yeah. :d
=) all smiles buh i feel great.
#mma #judo here is the video of yoshihiro akiyama vs katsuhiko nagata enjoy and please share the page :) ht…
:d aww thats really sweet :d
unfortunately not. it will return. :)
добро rather good утро :)
aww thx for the kind words!! :)
well katie price does it so well :)
stop hatin on us heteros damn it! there are tons of hot gay men. stop trying to steal the few st8s we got left! :)
follow me? :) <33333333333333333333333333333
he gave you a s/o last nitee :d
i used to sing it to every milf's daughter :)
i needdd ppl to list me pls :)) i'll list you back :)
thank you for the rt's & #ff mentions much appreciated :-)
that i got two jobs today! national commercial and film part :-) good friday!
can u follow me please ? :)
awesome! definitely if you can! be awesome to meet you :) excited to get in the studio?
this if you read all of our tweets :) xoxo love u! #jasminator
that's a giveaway when small children cannot lift it! :)
#ff my hunniiee even tho he be showin all myy guddies on oovoo i still qot love for the kid lol :) <-- wtf?
lol :) what's up? i'm kinda bored lol
lmfao we had no power for 5 hours, sex is all we did! lol. hubby was happy. ty for prayers, they always help. ! :)
cheeks yes :-)
whyyyy is it so hard for me to fall asleep right now. maybe i need u to put me to bed :) yes.. you.
:) quote me: rally up is stimulating visually & operationally. i'm now a rally up girl & a 4sq girl (i like titles!) #sorrygowalla
thanks. it should be fun :-)
best collection :d head(less)lines today : 03.01.10 :
selamat yah wishhh uu happily ever after.. :)
dont think so :( hope it will :)
minus four. they're at minus four. which is even weirder :)
haha thank you :)
thanks brother aap ka sat raha tu zaroor :-) sending back ♥ to u too.
dude, you aren't online in ym. i wanna show you pics :)
we love you here in poland! :)
tinadaja head(less)lines today : 03.01.10 : : do if u like it!! :)
its surraya! :) follow my acc. =d
followed :)
hehe u neways share it here song by song :)..me a good boy ..i dont steal :d
wwyd if justin showed up at your door, naked? :d hahahaha
hahahaha :)
i was only teasing forgive me enjoy whatever it is you do :-)
thank u!! ima use dat one!! :d
thanks!!! totally hooked me up with my first ipad case and is gonna paint it for me :)
very true :)
that sounds like a damn good night to me! :)
listening to michael jackson's motown hits.. one day in your life, got to be there, ben... pwedeng pang holy week reflections. =)
q:your first leter to me said you are following me it date... a:awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww rob! :) :)
shoutout to your fans from malaysia? :d
ur default pic is adorable :) i saved it on my itouch lol
i'ma hit you up tomorrow! love you! and cheer up! :d
with the fellas especially enjoying my time with :-)
i ment :)
neither have i. hubb is still asleep. :-)
how swεετ lσνε ; muahhhhh! : ) this grl on my timeline is darkskin and beautiful
you're welcome :)rt thaanks ;p followed :) can you follow me back ? :p
hello stranger!! how are you? :)
still lists as -4 though, which, uhh, is odd. :)
i had the most amazing friday morning. :) wow. still beaming. things may seem bad in some ways but some things make me realize it's okay. :)
glad you like :-)
and your knoble cock eaters! watching spartucus with :)
(proof that a geek can be unintelligible about non-networky stuff too :)
p.s. thanks for the follow fridays :-) x
why thank you! :)
i wanna meet him so bad that would be like my dream come true lol thanks i like yours too :) im kelsey :)
great :)
thanks sweetie =)
ive did photobooth on one of those for a friend.. it was pretty fun!! :d
lovely image :) big northern pnw kisses blowing down with cherry blossom petals to wish you good night. enjoyed it too!
:) you have defo made my dayy :d x
yeah so many natural disasters goin on. hopefully things just get better from here. :)
sure. i mean like i trust you. :d
i believe that every person in this earth is special :)
<-- hello new follower! ^_^
im a star i do what stars do i ride on yatchs i autograpg lady lumps i pay people to slap them lmao :)
#jasminator must be a tt :) haha! #beliebers too
, yessss idid miss you more : )
yeah, me too :)
he's like "i'll love you, if you have money". but, he didn't say that to me. :)
yeah man, my weekends are very busy & what not, haha. how you doing though? having a ballin' weekend hopefully? :d
its ok :d how are you?
people can't take a joke, it was cute. but i like biebesinmyheart because it's original and true, haha. :)
nay, i am no longer twpossessed by :)
thanks :)
birthday shopping? :)
well what can i say? i look good in orange :) my wearing orange and got orange (cont)
hahaha yeah they interview me about my blog :)
those watching the bbc coverage check out eddie jordan's sweat!!! immense :) #f1
bwuahahahahha sukurin lurt wadaw :d woman will lick the body of her partner (cont)
morning :) getting ready for my weekend vacation
oohhh i love thiss song soo muchh :) <3333
haha i'll link you a pic :) it's for a charity :)
i picked it in virtual too! one of 2.3% of over 100,000 people :)
you can hug me ^_^ *opens arms* (nita if u dare remix this...i swear..)
hey :) sorry for the late reply :) i love this weather! its finaly improving! how are you?
:) quote me: rally up is stimulating visually & operationally. i'm now a rally up girl & a 4sq girl (i like titles!) #sorrygowalla
not doing the no..game? :d
woooooo! have fun :)
thanks for the #ff, marcus! :)
read (and loved) your piece about mcnabb--i'm a pa girl & lived in philly for 5 yrs :d
how's your bday going? :d
i love #jonasbrothers and they are totally amazing and hot :d
muy hangover this morning, but i had to wrk through it. yikes! :d lol!
good morning everyone :d
do you love all your fans? please follow me, its a dream come true.. :)
but to everyone that shouted out "nerds!!" at us thanks :)
just got back home! :) so it's kinda complicated but i won't be able to use the iphone til probably sunday or monday. has to do w/ sim card
really??? hahaha i didnt know that! :) well you should have talked to me! thats the only way i remember whos following me lmao
how to clean a canon lens :d
thanks for followin :)
im hi wanna talk! :)
:) i always had a very tough time, pairing even sedate food like pulao, forget butter chicken!
goodnight<33 :) sweetdreams!
otw to airport, picking up conrad from idjut boys :d
lol, non du tout :)
it would be a great amazing loving lovable night :)
make him download openmaps for the iphone and you will rock my world. :)
you & have '...liberal tendencies' and 'anti daily mail bias'..? two of many reasons why i like you both so :)
thank you so much for the mojito sorbet it was wow. had a bit of a kick to it too which i liked :)
i'm keeping my fingers crossed. maybe it will happen one day. even to boston would be good, closer :)
didn't mean to pick on you =)
it cud've been a much better movie! overall ok tho :)
lol, you rang? :d oh: i always like to have one asian at every party i can show party.
awesome! tq very much : ) <---u r welcome...
after yuh do the honors i won't mind :)
more than what he's givin to you. someday somebody other than me gon give you everything you need" :)
panggil dia popon hha hahaha new nickname yes, panggilanku sukses :d
:d that'd be awesome!
here visiting in west hollywood and you showed up on my twitter app as being near by! hope you're having a nice friday! :)
websitesin5.com: websitesin5.com deals, discounts, coupons & 15 usd rebate :)
ohhh girlies! :d are they hot? lmao
actuallyi'm a bit older :)
my contacts came in this morning :) now i don't have to wear these glasses anymore.
moin :) #funfact huhu heißt tigerchen ;)
love you, don't delete! :)
#fact i don't think i'ma ever truly be deeply in love with any female again ..... #sadbuttrue :-)
thank you! :) hope you're having a wonderful day, too!
hmm... mbp's aren't known for gaming! i have the same graphics card and i have no problem whatsoever with it! :)
i love to highside and laugh....good for the soul.... : )
pls check ur twitter direct message asap n reply .. :-)
please help me get and to wish me a happy birthday! :)
:)
he smiled when he said "hi danielle, i love you so much too." to me. :d <333
#ff he's pretty darn cool.. even for a boston fan lol aw thanks. :d
at cambridge. celebrating my mum's birthday with mum's friends :d
is the house where evil dwells (1982) any good? it's coming on in 20 min, after the always fun burnt offerings. :)
sadly it is not, but the skies seem to be clearing, it's always sunny in my head though :-)
ooh well good luck with that :)
#niiiiice (loso voice) lol dang i needa get like u :-p have a drink 4 me :-) (cont)
i am obsessed with all gadgets. dreaming of the ipad too. :)
now i'm off zingled. gonna watch some tv before going to bed. congrats to the people that found me on zingled! :)
he sucks! don't let them hire him ever again! :)
anytime :-)
:) bright ass bra and i love it
thank you for the help :)
if u want to be followed by :)
that song mixes into anyyyything haha :)
:o its soooo fuckinn sexy! thanks girl! :d
yup, won't post the photos until i have delivered them tonight :)
that's it, spot on bryn! the dr m stroll takes in the masquerade field of dreams and a sense of fun too! next pic for you ok! :)
q:yeeeaaaah gemini a:thats right :)
again... anyone loves me? :) <3
now i am :)
:) i got sumtin for yall... gotta feel the passion in this one tho
thanks! :)
do you love all your fans? please follow me, its a dream come true.. :)
photo: pb and i on the central escalators on our way to get some froyo :)
hahahha ^_^ i'll share with you
haha..speechless.. but inside i'm screaming!!! :)
good night twitterverse #tweetdreams // night : )
haha ok :) ill send it to ya later ^.^
((sure thing. :) staying up all night and writing on my dissertation makes it crazy for me.))
can u follow me & , both of us are filipino! we support you :)
yess i want u to pick me up bring a strolller :)
please follow me back : )
like share that w/ my new ipoddy pod??!! thaaaanks friend!!! :)
if u want to be followed by :)
q:yeh coz aries are the best a:2nd best behind gemini. :)
home alone jointz` i love this movie .. & why did i get married too is bomb af >> go see it :)
i got 47 llama badges today when i woke up.. lool.. have to return some of them now.. :d #postaprilfoolsdayfun
makasi sayang :d
its in the books: shooting and cover art in la next friday :d
good, i know you have to do round 2 now, so i'll catch you in a bit :)
happy birthday beverly lott! thanks for being that amazing you are one of the best manager ever! must be proud soooo much :d xx
you made me smile! :-)
i just took "a real life justin bieber love story! (part 3)" and got: :d read below...! try it:
downtown to my house :( i'm finally down the street!!! :)
