nopes, i sell my work. if u wanna buy it then u can use it in whichever way :)
seeeeeeecret! *snugglesnugglesnugglesnugglesnuggle add little imaginary hearts* <3 <3 <3 <3 ^_^
no prob on the #ff friend. you know your loved by me and the rest of our #twitfam :)
shit wilding wit this faammm. =) how was yer day?
lol next stop liverpool :) omg! 'the x factor tour babe magnet' is on the move early this morning
i wasn't sleepy when i got home from babysitting so i started on the 6 eps of lost on my dvr. 1/6 watched. yeah, not going to sleep soon :)
i'm off to work in 7 hours for 7 hours. one song for my prince out there and i'm off to bed :) have a great weekend!
afternooon :) hello hello my beloved sista foreva.. hehe good afternoon kak :)
yes i cannnnn i am :)
lolll fa'shooo =) mmm ilove r.kellyyyy. number one sex is one of my jointssss. him and keri tore it upppp! =)
just gave kimi a wash & wax! :d
you are :)
awake for work 8) bullets new song on the radio? i like it actually :) morning!
just looked--i'm staying <1 mile from all 3 bayless restaurants next week! can only afford xoco, but can't wait to peek in the others. :)
if i don't like it, i turn it off & have fun with the #redeye twitterati. i'm not throwing water bottles at the plasma. :)
whoo-hooo :d reach my goal :dd
hurry! justin's following/dming all of followers!! like no lie! hurry and see what happens :)
yup ^_^ they r awesomeeeeeeeee
thank u tryna get on that #supabawselady status :) thank you!!!---------> #youngbawse pow!!! i c u working
ooooh luvly! nomnomnomnomnom :)  [what will i have to do now in the way of thanks?!]
blank is bad tj. i demand u to stop that shit, now!!! ur boo will be calling u soon, skittles backpack :)
nooooo!!! its goood & its pretty =)
#nowplaying kiss and tell by :)
thanks for the link.. i have been looking at bunnies who need homes for hours now. : )
good song choices, aaron. good luck with that :)
i'm home from work :)
in dat case, not dat envy :d gud luck for show! => no la we actually have a show later in melaka!! damn sad right? hahahaha
trust, we really have. we no longer have priorities, just options.. nowadays nobody is irreplaceable. so please don't get too comfy! :)
dont get mugged <thnx for the support :)
just shouted at the top of her lungs that she lovveeess lil wayne! lmao ( silently cause she right in front) :-)
wot? i seem t remember. hm. drink water? lay down? eat fair trade chocolate? :) #alwayshelpful
good niiight 2 all the #bangbangs ! love ya all ! :) nite :)
liike mii :-) ugh that blew my night! need new ppl in my life
thank you for the compliment. :)
think about it :) ~in pawaley's island inn at that time for dinner
thanks :) #clueless #alwayslatetotheparty
diddy its time 2 put either bottle down or phone away... drink & drive home ppl pls!!!! please! :)
the number 0 doesn't apply to me unless you're talking about the numbers of children or stds i have ever had! :)
ff ok i admit its saturday an eclectic mix all good folks to follow {tx :)
never saw one like that :)
ngakak:p ciyeeee! if you love smone jst be brave to say dong :d bentar ya mau download lagi yang aku mau tapi malu
cool mines april 27th! :d
shhhhhhh .... dont tell anyone :)
yes, but toooooooo bright to take a photo of :)
gotta lube up on chapstick before i go to sleep just oneee more time :)
oh yeah? hope you enjoyed it! :-)
more exciting than my sunday :) i'm taking it easy, doing some work --- while child is with his dad...
i love that everyone is talking to me today .. i love my new followers :)
20 for 20? anyone? 4500 followers or more please! :)
really? that's so cool. i'll definitely join you next year!!! :-)
yo mama so awesome she owns chuck norris! :)
wordpress 3.0 beta 1 #wordpress // tocara hecharle un ojo :d
i love it!!! lol that's so true lol :)
good night manny! sweet dreams :) feel better
i'll use this next time =) thanks did u make these xd?
excellent some things are very temp dependent. oils all boil at diff temps. cooking is mostly chemistry :-)
visita iglesia... my holy thursday reflection... :d new blogpost
honored and drunk :) :)/@deathmike your steak tweet was the best thing i've ever read on twitter. /via
this is why excerpts are bad!! thanks!! the date is 2nd, so its in the realms of possibility :)
loook to the left!!!!!!! :) then to the right. then down
so wassup twitter ? : ) whos still up ?
it's on go at 6:30 :)
inspiring :-) u get what u focus on. new music video "when you walk through roses" [please rt]
flash website another favourite tech tool is .com #ff... simple, innovative & very feature rich < high 5 :-)
heh, because i waited around until you added me, and resent the dm :d hope you had a good time, i did.
no its not! but thank you :) i like doritos.
shut the fuck up. hahahaa. :)
i miss u dahhhling n hope u have fab hols :)
thank you!! :d
good mornin n thanks for follow n following back , how u doing :)
oh thats for sure, no place like home :)
love of my life. my mister right :)
good morning! can't wait to start writing later today. but first it's time for breakfast. :d
great!! it's been pretty nice out lately thank god! perfect weather for spring break! :)
and a beautiful movie it is too :)
hahaha, you never know.. you might. =)
cnt he's an expert in that ... :-) <waiting for my bro helped me :-)
hey guys! it's johannaaaaaaaaaaaa (@johannasaidso). i'm pretty bored. anyone feel like playing wyr bieber-style? :)
yeaa xure. imma give u shoutout. is that okay? :d
you're welcome :d
had a great bday celebration yesterday and today :-) i feel so blessed! thank you god! :-) night everyone!
see you tomorrow! :d
the best random moment of my life with :d
love your latest video! :) i know i'm so late on that llol
:o you're from winnipeg! :) i'm in edmonton,ab now!
sweet little babies :)
what's magazine? :d awwwww
i'm trying to go 5 days a weekand make it a habit. :)
yah, i think i make a good date! :)
wishing you a happy easter weekend :)
i saw the bounty hunter! it was good :)
good morning :)
well you can . . . as long as you don't mind smoke and fire. up to you really. :-)
awww okay i'll follow him :)
moin twitterienchen :-)
, aww : )
spending the evening in urgent care with a mangled toe and killer death cold. have good company though--@realmayank007 is true blue. :)
no thx;prt tambah pake ingus gue mau? :d mwaaaahrt i proud of you! *kecup kening
when's ur next u stream? i'll write millions of q. lol jk i'll not annoy u =)
q:uda followback gue belom ? a:mungkin :d
gave you 10 followers :) i need 2 more :)
request sent! :) and thanks!
siwon gasuka cewek fakir woy!!ganas!!hahahart yes !! its me ! its gonna be me ! :d (cont)
concern? sorry, i was interested to know if you found anything from a stats perspective. :) #scrm
good night twitter on the fone wit my lovely loozer ^_^ ~ismurf~
i know jb. www.jonasmerch.com you can order then there. :d i don't know about miley.
lmfao, has 3+ #askjacqueline accounts. xd aren't you happy girl? :)
:) "diamonds are only lumps of coal that stuck to their jobs."b.c. forbes
a bit sleepy still but fine. :-)
thankss :) and sorry, i just realized it is all messed up lol i hate my ipod...#jonasbrothers
your tweets make me laugh :) #apple #ipad #123rf .com
i'm going in as well, and i love the phone being quiet. radio on, fab. you can get a lot done on days like these :)
whooo still upp likeee :)
yay i want :) hehe
hello =)
in the city wid miss kelly tran :)
yeahhhh!!! :) should i post some sexual tweets about the signs they could be really graphic.
aww i would prolly faint if i kissed u with slow music on or get weak n the knees :) (cont)
my infographic resume, sort of brainpicker-esque i thought. :)
yes he's home :)
writing, writing, writing :)
done with the hype bring on the ipad :)
just reading something booooooring :)
i'm going to go sleep now on my new pretty magenta/purple jersey sheets :d goodnight
thanks for re tweeting it now i gave you a shout out ^_^
people keep asking for my facebook... here it is. add me :)
shoutout for shoutout ?? :)
no way justin bieber just told her shes hot :) first person to follow gets 20 listings + a huge shoutie
are you living in l.a from now on? :)
hung over. punjabi shaadis rock. not for the couple though :d
my lil booskie mr haskins :)
is tired after toby was up all night, granny + icecream = a very upset tummy, grr! busy day today, batch cooking and seeing sis and bil :)
all da waaay! ;) with . and soon to be :)
one more time...i love you! nite nite :)
on a more relaxing note the was #1stapril joke so relax :)
tonight was amazing. i love jetstream :)
you're a god. u talked with miley in person. yay! you win! :d
;) nite, i luv u guys. xoxoxo :)
i'm fabulous thanks :-)
p.s. i cant get *you* off my mind♥......... =)
its all about my instincts n having a pulse on the movies that are being released my friend. complex, intuitive process :d
i really consider buying premium, now that they have a botable rescue disk function :)
do u wanna shout 4 shout help me get to 1900 :)
aww jus 1 day :) they look good.. u could change ya name to sue.. instant nickname =d
yea but i must try cuz i want he following u too :)
i'm on a high right now. so close to touching her. saw abigail & her mom. incredible night. i'm so thankful for her & jb :)
no worries if not mate :) i'd understand
thanks for following me ;) i've followed back :d
*blushing* like a lil girl. made my night! don't forget to say hello :) ooooo and come buy some mac from me!
wtf ? 2 unfollowers ? :d imma hunt yall down(;
just read #blackestnight8 can't wait to talk about it with the cabal :) fantastic stuff, just fantastic.
i hope you read my dm :)
+infinity :-) long hair r so difficult 2 manage..but whn ppl praise my tresses i postpone trimming ceremony:-)
lol u know me, always keepin busy :d
no prob... :) ...<3
why thank u, ur far too kind sir :-)
good morning/ afternoon/evening/night my lovely tweeps :)
it's not midnight yet, but i'm about get off; so happy birthday!! <3 hope you have a good birthday :)
me too bro how much it costs here in india ? :)
*glambertini – a cocktail consisting of grey goose vodka, goldschlager with gold flakes and a dash of tequil), served in a martini glass =)
hindi po sya sira.. :)
alhamdulillah y allah,my life is almost perfect :d
thats nice :)
i know im so jealous of her, bahah i followed her on twitter :)
umm... no it really isn't early :) i'm out for good. don't make me mute my phone! :d
awww i love it happy birthday to you!! hope you have something really fun planned to celebrate! :)
the crowd of beliebers currently has 7,130 members. join the crowd & follow us, especially if you love <3 izzy out! <3 :)
i could talk about books forever. any authors you particularly like? non-fiction preferred over fiction por favor. :)
haha will let u know when it comes out! :)
lmfao, has 3+ #askjacqueline accounts. xd aren't you happy girl? :)
lol, that´s from my camera. i have a nokia brick too :)
hello.. i was away looking at rabbits up for adoption. sorry, i did not respond earlier. : )
#ff =)
»-(¯`v´¯)-» #grateful to people who make me happy :-) thanks friends
sure :)
i'll spare you the typical response to that. im sure you know. on to better things! :d
if u need me ! text / call or aim ! :)
"it's supposed to be some give and take, i know" follow me, i'll follow you back.. give and take :)
i have some tattoo spots left for magnum opus in brighton at the end of the month! email guendouglas@gmail.com for info! please retweet! :)
btw, loving i think ur really going to like it :-) on page 180.
we listening jazzy!!! awow :)
i know man. this movie made her look amazing... especially the song in berkley... hv heard it a 1000 times for her :)
hey chica. that was teh sweeetness. :)
q:cute background flick, finally! alot of t... a:haha thank you :) && yeah your right you ...
good morning :)
.me too! i love them :) hahaha.
so who's gonna tweet me ? :)
dammit now i'm hungry with elvis playing on loop in my head. hope they were nomness embodied :)
bonjour :) victoria vox the french concert at uwgb
i never write letters. but is special :)
follow back? :)
marleeen follow back donggg :)
tweet later! cmon man utd :)
you mom is soo gorgeous. :)
holy craapp! i am only four away from 300! :d
we are all on this one bed watchin porn :)
i'm so excited for qualifying!! toma alonso :)
:) ... so, hows your arm?
lol i got shrimp && rices && peas :)
oh totally! :d this will be the 180th annual general conference.we have also have a semiannual one. so two a year basically :)
