my birthday was soo good! on good friday lolz.. yuuup the warm weather was for me :) lolz
thanks hun! not til next saturday!! :)
that's ok :) no worries. the room is very light and airy. it's going to have a printer on top & 1 underneath.
this is my alter ego & music blipping acct now ;-) send a request i might approve u :)
i like the way you think jade ;-)))) thank you so much for your hardwork :-)
well, you are an award winning jingle writer, as i recall! : )
must be tired.. i meant ((( *** :-) ***)))
bersyukur dong.. :) tired...so many works... biarlah puyenk
okay you can make a chat now :)
i know, but kellie is a sweet down to earth person, not your typical celeb. she will like a message :)
thank u!! =)
ok this is the last but not least of my cool #ff tweeps! :-)
yes! i am... a lot of loose ends to tie up. hopefully moving wed or thurs :)
dear friends, thank you for your mention : )
in my opinion beth is the best diva shes extremely gorgeous & extremely talented :)
thank you :)
no lying same here! even more for me cuz i'm doing this no-carb diet again. but i finish wednesday :)
i'm at the lebowski fest the wiltern...the dude abides :)
oh no!!! that was mean! glad you found help in twilight. :-)
i'm gonna go through and text random people. who should i text? :)
oh cool! :) haha ok then! see ya!
i am! she's a keeper! :)
robsten background. comment if using, view full size then save :d made by:
one more game :) hello playoffs. my name's vancouver canucks. can i speak to div. title pls? yes, i'll hold
thank god for family and amazing friends right? :)
you guys. thank you. see you tomorrow. :-)
they are just assholes plain & simple. i kinda like the father/daughter team who forgot their backpacks :)
vegetables from the wrong side of the tracks : midge shop check out more art by sunny on all sorts of merchandise! :d
lmaao ! i know . ! i tried so muchh . my friends said i was okay for a beginners though :)
goof. :) thanks for the smile.
hello there, a very good afternoon to you. how's you? :d
happy easter all!!! :-)
plz don't act like you are itz not nice to look at :d u suckz!! :) bahahaha whatever you'll do u , jb is jb ;p get lost & die!
lol if u want to talk, not in dm plz. :d
ha hellow :)
i'm also adding you as a #ff, sweetie! <---- f0llow him too!! :)
guys too? now that would be something to see! : )
yep. :-)
yay for my fantasy team :) madman0002us: holy sheep shit. my boy david lee got a triple double tonight. the dude is a center!!! nice
oh no i want a freshman in 90's lol nykohl was...but i would go back to being a freshman ...i was in 86 :)
best!! :) just opened a shop on zibbet. check it out here!
sure! :) just credit us! :)
pssssssssshhhhh been up on badu since i'm 15 but i know ya ain't talkin about me :)
ya i didn't want to be "that creepo" who just shows up. hahaha :) i'll let u guys know next time i'm down there
lolz :)
yeah yall wont have to worry bout em cuz the other teams will eliminate yall before you even get to the lakers :)
fucking finally! i'm dying for more emoward. :)
thanx for the #followfriday mentions!! :) follow them back!
my boyfriend is seriously amazing! he was able to get someone to donate $2500 towards the "give it a chance" show tomorrow night! :d
i think he too. lol. he was just playing the guitar and he kept sticking his tongue out. he is the weirdest kid :)
haha why thank you! : )
beyonce could "roc-a-fella " :d that's my bey!
#followfriday #twitterlove thanks! follow me? :)
it was great seeing you! thx 4 the cupcakes tips we found them and ended up signing up for a complimentary ballroom lesson :)
why thank you =)
i've been meaning to charge my phone for a month now lol :)
oook i will try to take my laptop haha :) my cam is not working but i would def love to skype with u:) haha
aw i wish i was :) i say we get married either way. we can both have lovers on the side ;)
still loving the attention :d from people with obviously nothing beta to do :d: still loving the...
it was actually a white dude. #basicmen #stopstereotyping :-)
not yet. you can order skinnie magazine and get it sent to your home every month :) let me know if you need more info!
not to worry..it's going to rain by eve :)
hi, sister :) what are you doing for easter?
moist. :) <-- i was in ecstasy. muah !
lol....i am happy to see you two so happy...you guys are so adorable...and thanks for asking...i am greattttttttttt! :)
you're such a sweetheart! muah back! :)
follow back(? please :)
everyone needs self cre very hard to do for yourself sometimes! your ideas are great! (as always) :)
kindly deliver a cake to my bedroom, cuz that's the only moist i wanna hear from ur lips pretty one :)
follow right now :d
1 of my fav songs of all time! come to chicago this august for lollapalooza :d they were here last year & this year we got lady gaga
u r welcome on both accounts :) cyber zealots r always interesting 2 deal with !
i wanna co own :)
my nonas gonna watch a movie with my uncle kico :)
a huge headache woke me up ;/ gonna go back to sleep again. :)
follow both my accts: and check out my work.. :)
have a rocking weekend then! :-)
it's not that you don't like him, it's that you just don't understand him. big difference :)
okay thanks :) please follow if youre not already and tell her i sent you, its for a contest<3 thanks!
: ) hellllllll yeeeeeaaaah!
well if you wanted to grab coffee...i'll be around. :)
cause i love how beliebers respect us and arent trying to make bieber a tt :) #jonasbrothers
just did an amazingly fun photoshoot with alex and kirsten! posting them soon :)
guess dat means thnk you :)
okay whoever can guesss the number i am thinking of the fastest ins between 1 & 20 :d
ooh loord; we are soooo related ;) have fuuun cuzzo! gettt it girrl :d
my bday cake =)
everything ok ash?? :)
i'm here too! just trying to have a bit of relax time when possible :)
lol, i am trying my best to upload some news despite the connection. :) thanks.
buy me nike dri-fit whistler shirt!!!! :)
materialistic,not matrealistic :)
sowwy cuzin you knowwww i love u! =) <----i'll 4give u dis time...lol
the most encouraging thing all day. thanks. :)
:d / one’s type may occasionally be oblique, but never obtuse.
i love stefani as much as gaga :d
how an average guy can get a hot sexxy babe!!!! it's not a secret. a must read :)
no nose goes. i love that rule :)
:d thank you!!!!!!!!!! you saved me!!!
i say we get to 33,500 she's so amazing and i think we could get her there so follow :d you wont regret it
totally. it's one of the reasons i still use my first gen iphone over both the 3g and 3gs i also own! :-)
aku aku :) yg mau difollow rt! tp yg tweetsnya diatas 5000
i love march madness! =) tokio hotel ftw!!!!!
the donor conference for #haiti was quite hopeful. ~ & time to build!!! :)
me :) if you want me to follow you.
dear friends, thank you for your mention : )
ready for tomorrow!!! :d
this movie makes black people period look like niggers lol yuee so retarded :)
lama x nge-follow abang deq q sayang..rt follback y bg :)
screw mw2 watching seinfield which has a very bad connection =)
i'm your biggest fan i follow you until you love me :d
i luv how simple is :d such an awesome person inside n out:) such a great role model :) still smile when i member his reply :d
whatever it is keadilans love u!!! :)
q:you are prettyy,dang! a:aw thank you :)
i like it! you look good. :)
well well well lol i can clean it! :) i l know how ;) lol :d
watched it, very good. needs to show off some of those production models and meshes some more!! :)
follow me :)
jbiebz can never replace the #jonasbrothers in my heart. :) ♥♥♥ three is much better than one. ;)
debatin if i should go see #whydidigetmarried2! gotta find some1 beautiful 2 accompany me... care 2 join me beautiful? :-)
oh that's sweet :)
reached baghdogra, now in taxi to gangtok, crossing siligudi, atmosphere is hot here too, cool mountains awaited. :-)
hollywood bound =)
hehe yareyt :-) lezim foot tojj bel farshe hala2 :)
yesss 400<3 gooodnightt twittter :d
pfft. of course you are! too tall then can't wear heels :)
thank you ! :d
cool...going to see it with the sis on wednesday :d
okay. just let me know the time & place because i've been dying to use my baseball bat. :)
just saw the last song. so so sad. so so good :)
anymoree shoutot for shouttout ? :)
yes i am :) "are you a student?"? ? do you want to hear a joke?
mau~ promote time dibuka, ayo cepat yg mau di promote it's unlimited :)
yeah i need to :d
office office :-)
follow follow follow :) yay thank you! looove!!
check out my work.. :) this is hot!! wow!!
:( sorry next time ull get a personal invite :)
dreamstreet- it happens every time. classic :)---- you already know!!! :) hahaha
that's so encouraging! hope they keep it up. just learned that my sister (age 6) has asked dad for a dsi. :)
goodnight! =)
me a favor? take another 2 weeks off, you deserve the rest honey, i'm only thinking of you :)
raar! says the dinoraarous... :d
time for lunch after 6 hours you had.enjoying hov the remixes,and moving unconsciously!!good times. :d
yeah thanks pal :) wew?alone in yer bed?don't get bored pal :) aww..i hope (cont)
ayye! whoever wants a #shoutout , has to follow first =)
follow me please :)
hellooo :)
:) how are you love ?
are u guys talking about how you're tweeting about how you're talking & eating & tweeting? :)
yea.. that last tweet.. totally not creepy.. ^_0 but ya, you know.. uhm.. say it in a deep voice.. kk? no? hmph.. okay. :d
if you'd like 2 visit &/or join "let your food be your medicine gnld" that i started on facebook, go 2 . c u n a few :)
get behind vic bands :) www.myspace.com/getbehindvicbands or look us up on facebook.
havent gone to bonsor in so long.... vball ftw! :)
tau bangett hehe, gw juga suka yg lean on me, hate on me, yg dinyanyiin mercedes bagus2 deh hehehe :d
twitter off...... :d
thanx :)
wow. that seem a lol stalkerish but kinda cute too :-)
now that i have twitter on my phone, i suppose i should start posting things! here's my first one :)
at school :) geo at 2.30. lyana is having her math, so im alone :/
awe on the soup she looks so pretty :d
#indonesiawantsmcfly :)
wooooo :) i will look now!
he's having fun and living his life.if he wants to tweet me an include me in his day, fine. if not...fine. :d he's happy, so am i.
did you have fun :d
will do lol :d
not grossed out; awe struck. // i know too few women who can keep their senses in difficult times... you are added to the list :)
is at www.acbproduct.com new spring color undies.... more on the way... lots of organic stuff coming in too :)
ur welcome :d ull love it!
drink all day, play all night, let's get it poppin'... im in malindi baby!!! {the clean kenyan version} :)
idk :) ha he txted me and i said i was in a movie so txt me l8r and he's like i don't want to txt u l8r.. so i said don't then but he did!
off to work i go, joy. roll on 7.30 pm :)
new username :d = dumb lol
so with the text i sent to my friends i got 2 calls! one from and one from frances :d score!!
watching shugo chara online :)
the title is "according to you" . it's ok, i was just feeling a little angry so venting out my angry by singing. :)
:) close enough for me!
whole 4 hours of full body massage :)
today's gonna be gr8
so whats ur fav color ? :)
beautiful :) we know where justin gets his looks from :)
best day in a while :) turning off my phone so it doesn't die
oh thats nice :d i'm not going to be hungry anyways haha
fair enough , and greatly appreciated :)
oh thank heaven :) mmmm mmm mmmm
i told u i tweet anything that comes to my mind :)
†ђäήkś dear..rt n for my bencong n ade na :) congratsss for u all..
ps i think i like ranbir :) hes a pretty good actor and i love the way he speaks
going to bed have to wake up early tmrw, goodnight =)
hey mr bagans! i'm watching the movie orphan right now! :) have a great night!
oh hey way to make life easy :)
that word is starting to gross me out. donniewahlberg moist. :)
farah quinn like?? :d rambut artis-like ku cukup rupawan hr ini..amen..
uhhh.... -throws shreds of newspaper in the air- gray confetti! :d
that was fun huh? =)
yes. bombard it with photos. let me know if you need more. can i have the layout by tuesday? :)
make my day, ask away :d
hari ini !! vegan next gig : at cafe tebet, 3 april '10, jam 18.00. w/ dear nancy, the barbaras, etc. dateng yaa. :)
yes pretty please may i? i would be ever so grateful :)
dear unfollowers u all suck =)
mannnnnn... she don't have to know :) mommy would kill me, she thinks one is enough (cont)
