they just need to go jump off a bridge. you are obviously better than them and don't need to stoop to their level :)
umm so is mallary hope :) #blossominthedust
not much you?? :) i cant wait!!
yummy fuzzy navels. i wanna lick donnies fuzzy navel lol im drinking dt coke/malibu rum :)
for some fools... old trickford? :d 'ibadah' sabtu agung di 'gereja' old trafford (cont)
haha it was!! :d
don't tell me that, i may cry! :) #random: is the best =)
omg! i love my son!! just want ya'll to know that :)
sands set alarm for 7am, is leaving at 8.15am and is already packed!!!! i would have set it for 8pm :)
stuffed chickens were delightful. kugel was great. veggies so-so. eggplant caviar: yum! thanks for asking :)
lmao. there sure are wayyy too many! i'm smarter than that tho :)
i need some urrrrrr ???... hmmmmmm... nevermind! <--hmmm ms.devone lol :-) < what? lol
whats up? :)
any comments posted after midnight tonight will not be counted. i'll post the winner tomorrow afternoon! :)
=) wut u do today?
thanks darling! i don't wish it upon my enemies! well, maybe :)
thank you :) i followed back <3
let's follow us its unofficial escape the fate fanbase around indonesia :d
thanx for the #ff! :d
thanks, the air is so refreshing here :)
ngl, i fully expect to start stanning matt smith...fuck it, i'm starting now...he has fabulous hair :d
finally, a new blog entry: :)
once again we're all witness to the awesomeness that is :)
i was thinking the exact same thing! :)
sorry. east coast time. :)
gm satya...yup..some glitches at start but now everything fine. but it may take time for response to open up. :)
thank u den.siap!disampaikan! :) selamat ulg thn tanteeee..salam hormat buat ibu ya mhal.. (cont)
follow if you want a shoutie from me :)
yes, sir. doing so will save me from answering a zealot. :) thanks for allowing us to participate in the prayer vigil.
ohh dat shit sound wonderful uu make me wanna goooo :) lol
congratulations on your son's acceptance to harvard!!!! wowzers. you must be so proud :-)
give love to your daughter on her birthday :)
now you do thanks too me :d how do you feel about your prize (hold the mic ) lmao!
hello how are u? hi myriam i'm gr8 thx...hope u had an awesome good friday. easter is 4 day w/end in aust :)
next stop, tin foil hat shop. :)
☆ okay your a hot dude wif 200+ followers. we know you can see our tweet romeo :)
lmao oh stop it! :) this is wine, not lovely liquz!
now we live for the last time for a while so catch me while youu can :) (broadcasting live at
hey, thanks for the rt! :)
#nowfollowing he's fucking cute. :)
:) im tryna get there......lol look at you tho...damn :) (smokey voice)
please follow me im a huge fan :d your so pretty.
i know. :d oh, and kat says happy birthday. o_o :d
loving this! <- ive seen that clip about a thousand times.. never gets old! :) xo thanks for rting! xo
here you go. tour dates. :)
#reminder: my bday is in 4 days..for the slow ones...thts april o7. diqq .?! k . =)
follow my whoreee ! she's a whore :d
awww ok, and glad i could help out a little about it. sometimes i feel like letting stuff out is the best. :)
puplistings: puplistings deals, discounts, coupons & 25 % rebate :)
now mandy is coming on into my profile so if u see -m its mandy this is me -s for shannon ok :d
thank you! :-)
finally adsense showing 7 blocked url under site diagnostics. they were huge b4 :)
awww thanks babe! muah!! beautiful christina :) hey baby...♡
that's funny cuz u crackin up about me crackin up is crackin me... well... well it is pretty funny. lol =)
aww thanks :)
but do get on those macarons! :)
mon :[ tue :/ wednesday :| thu :] fri :d sat (^_^) sun (-__-). #typicalteen
there is a bug in friendconnect.js though might be worth having a quick look if there's a newer version out :)
wow , awesome . how did you do that ? its really amazing :)
u forgot eh? ::side-eye::

~ i did foreal. :)
thank you 2!! :)
when i grow up i want to be miley cyrus.. =)
everyone go follow and say that sent you pleaseee :)
lma0 *goes to the concession stand* no reason :)
good afternoon :)
late #ff
@jordanrubin
my man! god, i love this guy! he's fucking hilarious :) one day we're gonna make some german/jewish babies ;)
im not upset or anything im fine :)
sooo my friend and i just made a bet...if i get to 33,500 followers by sunday...i.ll ustream =)
lol i ♥ you :)
sometimes the best way to spend a friday night is locked up in my room designing and coding for fun :)
you are 100% welcome hon :)
gummornng :)
lol yeahhh hahaha :d so where's my daddy?
nope i got it, michelle sent be the nk link :)
yeah true :-)
happy happy birthday to my love i missed her :) time to see why did i get married too, cosmos on deck!! love you boo!!!
hahaha :d
yea. :) haha why?
no problemo :d
btw.. if u have the hallmark channel.. watch love's long journey will be on that show as well =)
i wanna move to new britain ^_^: i wanna move to new britain ^_^
thank you for the ff! :d
hit me up if you want advice on finding more asian porn! :)
i won't honey child ! :) don't forget to call me.. i'll be up
next week won't work. unless you want to come in for lunch and see me! i'm working all days to go to baseball games :)
thank you for the most amazing backrub. you were great :) love ya!! xoxoxo
i can watch purple rain over and over again. #nowwatching :) .... i can watch krushgroove too. i ♥ 80's black music movies!
i hear but next time take ya kid 2 da childrens hospital.. went there and was completely satisfied-- i know now :) thx
im smiling :) so thats a good sign
can you guys please sign this it'd mean the world :)
at the forums...check quiz link on the forum menu. its on. :)
its crazy cuz i had wanted to pick my goddaughter up 2day cuz i've been missin her, i come home &shes sleeping (my mom brought her) :d
no! i'll look it up :)
alhamdulillah! sama2 saling doa ya mam! hehe... amiiin! :) alhamdulilah...semangat anak (cont)
lol thanks :)
doing great :) are you following absolutely!!
hey sweetums. notta lotta. bout to chill myself. went for a long bike ride today. how are you? =)
welcome home! loved reading about your trip. :)
can't wait to reunite wit my oreo :)
lmfao. oh wow xd i love the annoying orange :d
heading out to skeetox... big shouts to & :)
sometimes i amaze myself with my own amazing stupidity....ha :)
justin bieber one time :) lagu yg slalu bikin gue senyum secondhand serenade your call, #hbu ? :)
next school yr is gonna be a walk in the park, ima have 1 "tough" class & thats ap calc. i damn near took every math class in this school :)
ahaz and jmal worked together but now he's working alone since jmal is busy..he made orbital and t2 themes :d
hey i'm back :)
udah ok skrg adikkuuhh :) bubu's back! get well soon u r ok...:(
got a nice little nap in getting dolled up to go support my fam! congrats to on this first club appearance. :)
lmfaooo posssibly <3 but it all starts with a smilee so once u see me smile its a rap :)
morning :-)
thank you for everything you do...and thank you for the backrub every week :) love you
#typesofpenis "gaga" ....look closer and you'll see it ^_^
i followed youuu again. :)
omgsh that's so true!!! :) lmao!
buh byeeee :)
okay going to sleep now :) volunteering at an earth day event tomorrow morning at 7:30 which means waking up at 6 am. goodnight!
nothing really, ...bored :)
yay!!! :) thanks for spreading #autismawareness ;-)
no u!! rt: #juststfu =)
awe, i'd love to be serenaded with love songs :) ~ let's get to it! bebe lol
www.myspace.com/hailthevillain to hear the whole album! and you can spend hours at www.hailthevillain.com it's fun :)
i love how i turn on a movie and dont watch it ^_^
me fui a ver south park :d: me fui a ver south park :d #southparkfans
you're welcome :)
celebs background. comment if using, view full size then save :d made by:
ok, i really hope someone recording this br and can send me the link to it.. please :d
oh thanks for following me too :)
— thanks ya'll. :d just got back from an awesome dinner. :3
i'm just on a chat with some friends :)
how could anyone not like ms.badu aka lol she superf'ndope :) markmilly i love that you love erykah!
pls #peopleshould loving #jonasbrothers :d
thanks for following! following you now, too :d interesting site.
i admit some are funny lol but i guess it's just me lol i don't start on people unless they start on me first :)
aww, thanks! :)
thankkkyou!!!!!<3 & thanks wife :)
ill go watch it tomorrow :)
:) and life is bright with you ♫
awww, thanks! i feel the same about you too :) #fan
my normal time 2 rise n shine :)
how cool is that, apple store staff are stopping to stare at the joojoo from across the glass :-)
okay awesome :)
you really didnt have to give me shoutouts, lol its fine! and okay good :)
we might have to change that. :)
wud up desi :)
lucky! lol i was inside all day. :d
ready for the meeting :-)
iloveyou slut! :] follow my whoreee ! she's a whore :d
happy birthday to your daughter! :-)
:)
i would die :( and be so sad! haha!! but still rock out to daddy's music! :d
nice :) love is like a butterfly, hold it too tight, it'll crush, hold it too loose, it'll fly.
i luv this video of & when they were younger :)
we live for the last time for a while so catch me while youu can :) (broadcasting live at
wow, just wow :d
you welcome :)
shit...i just looked at the notes...better go with both :)
had my wedges now about to watch the last song! :d apparently im gona cry lol
check ur fb inbox boo< lol the fb app on my phne woke me up lol but i replied doll :)
brandon!! what's up ! :)
my :) always turns into a ;). haha.
i'm mad that i won't get to laughlaughcry every monday with you and skinner. booooo. 2nd season asaps lets hope :)
it's one of the final episodes of the last season. surfthechannel.com is your friend :)
good morning everybody! it's another lovely saturday morning :-) what? you're not yet in the morning? i love the idea being ahead of time :)
i knew that :)
i had a great night :)
you should follow but boys... hands off! show some respect. :-) #ff #followfriday
thank u mama i was just about to text you but i thought u fell asleep ^_^
austin, what are you doing for easter? have a great weekend! :)
lol. i will never hate you :-)
q:hey love, how was your date? :) a:hey :d it was really good ! i held her haaand, and i ...
it gets harder when u get older & same here, i'm a big kid on the inside :)
do tell. i love a good story. :) <hmmm well i'll have to make one up for you then.
thats great! i love u :) haha yea she smile like theres no tommorow -_- im just ready to hang out with my bffs! hbu? ;)
follow friday and happy easter to hugs :)
#mustfollow --> . just klik follow and follow me :)
farkındayım :)
mwahahahahaha! that's the universe getting its own back :-)
:-)
blessings and good wishes :) a miracle child indeed!
u should b n the lone star state for the relays :-)
thats good :)
hahahaha! yeah, that's how we all are as kids. no mind for things of lasting value til later :)
it is so i play mafia wars :)
i liked halle in leather :-)
i like your music the beat and rhythm of your second video reminds me so much of this -> :)
it's okay :)
:) coolin
<-- go follow ..
shes wonderfullllll :)
at social 25 with a few of my favorite people :)
then you should enter! :-)
i know! the things that man can do smh :)
followed... folback plisss? :)
haha thats always fun :)
mornings diii me is good boy trust me :d
if you followed me you would make my day :d
no more waiting for this nigga 2 get out......dorinda is taking her buns to bed...goodnight tweeties =)
this if you love :)
wawww..aminn:)rt sippo the next hits maker, amiin :) secepatnya aku kasi (cont)
wow its 1am didnt noe that....love yall night =)
i was just thinking about you :-)
