it's time for a new whitney hit! skinny dippin is getting old! lol does she have a new one u can promote? :) gl!
nothing worse than a lazy laaaaaaaaaaaamme. lmao neways tomorrow will be fun in fresno with my lame friend lmaoo goodnight :)
me too! but i love you more :)
how about we just get drunk and forget about him? :d
cannot wait for all new season of the hills :)
followed too followed :) followback ya
was slappin that today :) my girls a star i build a rocketship take my (cont)
how old is he now? last i remember, he was five. :)
ooh it's raining :d
keep ask me if you wanna refollowed :)
hey ya. back in the states and heading south. let's do dinner mid month :)
well here shortly, meant ive not been on twitter a lot lately :)
virgos r the best =)
i have been dubbed the "drink watcher" by and wtf? :d
same to you! <3 :)
everyone on my timeline is drunk sooo goodnight alchys hehehe :)
i could have come & made a rukus so it'd be like he was there :-)
next 10 people who follow ill add you to the list im sending christian to follow/dm you! goooo :d
hhahhaaha :d
hey follow back? :)
yessss! :d
i love your profile pic :)
i usually edit the 'casts, so bhj is off the hook for that one :) although i haven't heard the remix, i love the original.
:) good night brian
how old will you be then? :d
lol im not going 2 bed yet ita 2:47 a.m. here in ct! :d
while you look for content, you can also generate some content for others :-)
now you can replace storm (halle berry) on x men. you'd kick more ass :)
roses r red!violets r blue!garri is sweet!.....n so r u :d hehehe .. #happybirthday bful!*lol!thank ya!*
yesterday? i was upset by some drama that was intentionally stirred up. today? i just don't give a fuck what attention starved wusses do :)
watching millionaire matchmaker; my mother wuuld get me #addicted to this show; buut this one is by far thee cuutest :)
daddy's home :) * yes!!!! lol! * * hug* *
followed :) just follow me back, alright? :)
wanna be listed and follow me :)
yes i'm a signed model :) thank you so much for the compliments means a lot to me :)
listening to cd. i think he should follow me and dm me and :d <3
[most disturbing tweet of the night so far. *shudder*] hey! you're still awake! want a pickle? :)
siang :) good afternoon k' thalita yg tmbh cantik ,, ☺☺☺
oh well. the piece was incredibly half-baked. but alright, i think decent enough to get us worked up here :)
lol. yes -- was asking, not from couch, but definitely from living room. :-)
awww!! thank you :-) far too kind..
guten morgen ! :-)
good night i would laugh if replies to me when i get back that would be cool. thanks cody again for repyin before :)
:d good look pana! happy born day to keep making good music fam!
i need a drink =)
thank you <3 :) is following you?
haha no comment :) , ps you need to add a pic to your twitter account!
okay, thanks for the permission. =)
night =)
to funny....we had that last night...hubby's just now polishing off the left overs in fact :)
<- according to his bio he's single and likes making out with girls xd yeah go follow him :d
thanks :-)
good morning everybody :)
mkay :)
aaa sabar sayaaang ƪ(^ε^“)ʃ hahaha.. we're still together but something kindda decreased :d
out n about ;) enjoy your night twitter fam #golakers !!!!!!!!!!! :)
thats gooood to hear! :d
i knowww! the vid was sooo, so good! you should youtube andrew garcia. there's a ton oh acapella songs. theyre great! =)
good to know. :d
followed!rt omg omg omg omg omg! follow right know! please :)
www.homestarrunner.com :) occupy yourself.
anytime! :d i'm really glad that i could help! ;) *hugs*
dang. oh well, maybe ill see u there :) *fingers crossed*
thank you hun!! everyone has been so nice, it's made things so much better. :)
bless you, such a lovely thing to say... :)
it doesn't work but i'll fix it, and when it's gonna work i'll follow you ok :)
you are the one missing out. we can celebrate you finishing your assignment with many drinks :)
yg kalo english nya judulnya teardrops in the rain :d aku new fan cha ajarin aku cha hehehe
it's still bora for me. i just don't like crowds is boracay still the best beach for you or nagbago na? :)
thanks :)
happy birthday !!! :d
¡ love my friend so down to earth! ^_^ ☜ thanks
wanna be listed and follow me :)
he'll be there for the next 9 hours. oh and ps. lta is being relaunched with some fun new stuff and people next week. :)
tnx dear :) will try to, after having digested my yday dinner though :p hru doin?
go follow :)
thank you :)
at the ken waiting for the room to start. everyone brought spoons! we forgot! sitting to the side to be out of the line of fire :)
alright!!! thank you and have a good night too! go to bed girl :)
ohh this i didn't know ... either way, it stil makes him pro-cong :) need to check once...
oh wow that is delicious looking sushi! *sohungrynow* :)
really? :) *blushes again* thank you. :3 i didn't do anything different. :p
i'm exhausted! it's been a long day. goodnight twitter & #mjfam. god bless! xx =)
i'm gonna try to sleep. my cat is cuddled up with me. husband is asleep next to me too. lol. ipod touches rule! :)
aww i love you too hun :)
i wanna see the last song already ! -__- who wanna go to the movies with me ? :)
boi oh boi a hug from will get things all stirred up! gotta luv her :)
haha i wouldnt mind waking up to your tweets!!! (: every time i read them...i smile!! :d
aww thanks so much. makn me feel loved overe here heh. & i was slackn w. the #ffs but ill giv u a random s/o later on today :)
yea i got u :) come to riverside when u come out here!!
i've discovered is the perfect driving music :)
haha well it is mad sexy =) are you into music at all tho ?
you should try it. :) xx
aw. you're nice. =) i love you <3
we've taken on 3 new members of staff as we expect to see a large increase of new contract hire leases this qtr it's all good :-)
had a wonderful dinner and a movie w/ followed by board games w/ the bunker and co. great night. :d
sleep well :-) alrighty, i'm gonna go watch the rest in bed. nighty night twitterwebz!
whoops. closing twitter or i'll never even get the 5 1/2 hrs of sleep i've got time for! :) g'night
me too! can't wait for the day to begin :) #amman #jo
universal studios tomorrow. lol i'm such a big kid inside. then going to six flags soon :)
