... following you on mflow. send some flows ... btw, add few more people to follow to make flows sing :-)
yay, a boffin has evidenced it. :) on the use of slides in a live presentation: #fb
i'm following u know :)
come on justin i no yu busy but i meen 1 dm wnt hurt you has bieber fever bad lol so do i :d i <3 justin ...
?? you need to follow me my man. :)
oooo i shall sit an watch :)
ohhh let me know if it's good... wanted to watch it for a long time :-)
she's following you too now :)
if u're done following ppl would u pls tweet something to ur indonesian? or maybe dm me :)
adam was #1 again on japanese radio "cosmo pops best 10"! i was listening to the radio under cherry blossoms. :)
keep on supporting cristine reyes cristine reyes! =)
thank you =)
yes. :d :d :d and xander's all "i wish i was god." and oz goes "blasphemer!" xd
i jus got a lil cold, runny nose , non stop sneezing ... nuthin major :)
i've been trying for soo long to get you to follow me! :'( but you never notice me.. :( follow me? <3 please please? :)
especially since it was by me. :)
lol i just finished some cookies and cream ice cream today. im eatin curry chicken now :)
lol. i'm wondering now what i'll do if my ups driver tomorrow looks like kate :)
axwell is the sickest dj out there ahhh omg wtf insane... he's sooo sexy too :) <3 haha one day
q:im bored a:lol mee to :)
tks so much 4rts jon and richard. hope u r both hvg a great wkend. :) #12for12k
ha true dat :) and there's a first time for everything, is there even any hookers in elmira?
here... the weekend begins :) watching a movie n relaxing...
lol(((((hugs))))) i'm the twitter hug machine! i do love me some hugging. : ) only 4 the gd ppl!
that would be great babe :)
powered by yahoo ... monetized by adsense (google) and now live (and female ... ? :) timmp
i know right! and easter===candy! yes i still make my mom give me baskets :d
q:ask back yaaa :) byeee a:haha ok
i will :) and oh good, have fun with him!! :d i love you bunches! <33 thanks, you too bestest amigo evahh xoxo
lol nooo neva! you are inherently huggable as well! :) ~huugs~
is eefin dumb man! lyke why am i sittin here with him eefin waste! :)
ty! :) #ff gr8 tweeps & gr8 info...
if you need to get somewhere , dont call 411 just #askjacqueline . :d
he's just an old boring fart :)
ask something.. :)
aw &youre good at cooking? wut you gunma do? =)
do you know what the square root of 69 is? ate something. :)
7 more! keep following :) you won't regret! quick!
aren't you a belieber? belieber's don't give up! :)
sipping on some nimbu pani. the second best drink after cold water itself. homemade :)
had a great time tonight at #laughshop with and meeting for the firs time afterwards :)
that's so cool :)
hun, it's spelled tired not tiered... < thnx you : ) !!
just give the kids a pepsi. they'll find the whole world in it :)
#doctors need your help..............: not from egypt :) ce1 is recommended #carms
i hope ytou aree as drunnk as i am right now!! :)
i need 3 more to follow :)
yes i am. where r u? where is my curly hair cutie friend? :) ♦ tehehe r u in haven?
heyyyy.. yea.. that song just hits the spot :)
awww, cute, where did you get that? :d re: es krim ikan, di sini ikan jd panas
you make me feel special everyday, that i talk to you. girl, you bout to make a thug get tears again. <3 :d
thank you, mike! and wishing you a great one too :)
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
my wife is a scorpio :) freeeeaks
goodnight..love ya 2 :-)
hah hah hah...now you do bro! now you do. :d
im ok :) that was ur cousin kyian. btw hello! :d
i skipped the studio tonight. i tried, but so worn out. :) glad you're getting sewing time!
i'm flying there tomrw..see u soon darl :)
its always good when i see u on my timeline ^_^
again a ford commercial right before another episode of friends. i like that is getting visibility in other places :)
don't start ms. classy herself! dinner at ruth's chris!!! =) i'm starved!!<<whoa too classy ovr there
i will give you the biggest easter egg if you dm me :) hahhaaha
too little too late by jojo on air now. it has been long since i last listen to that song. i used to love that song a lot last time! haha :)
thanks for the follow :d
must make that happen =)
=) *faints* .. is singing "wetter" by sammie to me. i never heard this before but damn
you're still my myspace top friend :) ------ ditto! =p
cool! i was 6th row center for that one :) i was referring to the nov one for the pants thing lol i was row 23 from the stage lol
i would like a video montage of some of your artwork put to a song of mine...my wheels are turning :)
i will give you the biggest easter egg if you dm me :) hahhaahha
np: desert rose sting perfect music for hangovers :)
aren't you a belieber? belieber's don't give up! :)
fan mail to them pretty much, and eventually she ended up meeting carlos santana & steve vai aka her heroes :)
i am single! i love to say! wooooh :d
hahahah thanks love. :)
thanks for the reference. pleasure to have met you too :-)
aiight :)
2 minutes into the show and i know i'm gonna like it :)
:)
lol yea it is!
i love kissing.... :) i'm so passionate
you would believe so lol
good! it was holly friday and that's the way of living it :d doing nothing! :)
hi. thank you 4 ur shouout :)
bought the book recently. highly recommend it. :)
that was a good time! now i need to relax with curb your enthusiasm 6 and get ready for roll bounce manana! peace & love =)
we so should :)
shoutout to the good girls that like the do naughty things :)
hooray it's saturday night... if you're out for a night on the town mickys will be open till very late and the band starts at 10.30 :)
well, the day turned back into a very good one after all :)
serenity now available for download! :)
single malt or blended? it matters you know. =)
tomorrow. they should've joined in! lol.. hopefully something comes up, wanna see those boys like pelvic thrust! :)
goodnight! ((sweet.dreams.for.sure.)) :-)
i'm almost on my way :)
if u were the next burger at mcdonald's u would be a mcgorgeous! ............haha! had 2 say it :)
indeed, and then stargate sg-1, then stargate atlantis, then stargate series movies then stargate universe. hehe :-)
that stripper was the shittttt : ) happy mexican!!!
"just here because"...after breakfast, i'll take photos of people waiting in line to get thier ipad in waikiki :)
retweet: if your still online :d
i should write a book. that'd rule. :) i'm not sure i could fill a book though. maybe with the right topic?
