thx dear hope alls going well :)
follow me back? :d
just heard someone say "nothing's as sexy as wordpress." this is my favorite tv show. :)
excellent taste, my boy. caipirinhas are amazing. we should all have one together sometime soon. :)
lmao at my fb status. this is funnnnnnn! :d
thanks for the ff! :)
the whole world horny lol :) that means the worlds not gonna end <-lmao i kno das rite
good good...i just slept the whole day, did some cooking & caught up on ym reading :)
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :d
when will ur album be released?? i cant wait for it!! :) please follow me. i love ur songs, serious, i own this and candy
ek dam theek :) / lol... good good :) hows the gym routine going?
thanks :)
can u plz follow me :d it would make my day :d i love ur song serious ! i listen to it all the time :dd
your welcome :)
it's me :) ...saying goodnight nyc. ♫
followed :)
:) there's a thin line between them i suppose. most men claim to want a lady but would rather praise the hoes.
she says thank you :)
ok first make-up tutorial with is finally up go check it out & please :)
*squeeze tight* group hug! the whole world horny lol :) that means the worlds not gonna end
dope :d
is almost at 60,000 followers! :) lets help her get to 60,000 by easter!
same same.. been great. but yep haha. it's been a while tho, still writing i see :)
thanks ay, have a great weekend in bandung :)
omg. eliza is alive! twitter bots 2010? seems to work, looking at the followers :)
really enjoyed clash of the titans. it's not taking home any awards, but it was a good escape :)
indeed :) rosebank. totally kickass little spot in a cul de sac full of gigantic oak trees. suburbia's the shit :)
happy birthday , we love you . . :)
dubstep bringing people together :)
watching a league of their own. love this movie :)
didn't tweet much today. i was really busy but goodnight :) the last song tommorow!! ♥ sweet dreams <3
thanks for the rts! :)
happy birthday :) check your im :p
; thankies! :-)
nice...glad to make it in under the wire. :-)
good morning :)
hows everything going boo :)
yeah me too sis =)
yup! for geminis :)
got some fabolous knockers *shrug <- thank youh baby :) .
selamat ya buat adik (atau kakak?)mu :) always exciting to have a new family member!
i'm only going to ask u once please follow me :) i won't spam u asking u to follow me :) so plz follow me
u live there??? awdome :) i kno where that is
are you gonna "supersize" your avatar to ipad tomorrow? :)
you too sunshine :)
this summer is about 2 be craaazzyy!!! im so excited! #onsomenextlevelish ... one of those memorable 1's i can feel it! :)
jasmine villegas confirmed she's not going out with justin :)
heyy #twitition justin bieber my world tour!!! please sign!!! =) it means a lot!!! please =)
new songg!! :d " we can make the sun shine in the moonlight..." whattt songgg??!! myy favorite btww<3
lol go drink up! :)
hello outside world! :d
thank you for following me :) please follow:
here :d just click the button that says exclusive photoshoot
i am :d
random tweet time!!!! :d
i only use photoshop. & ome textures, brushes that i download. haha also, some photoshop effects =)
just ran into & his beautiful wife at the #chocfollies after party!!!! woot! :)
i rted :) pleaseee
you can't really see the beauty in pictures. his back is messed up from being squashed, too. :)
i know i will :d even though you never helped me, your still nice to your followers giving them shoutouts :d
di rmh gw ntar plihara dolphin *cumamimpi* tp kl rumah,pengennya baby shark :d sama! i ♥ dolphin
ou manoo' vlw..! :d
you should go to 5 doors north, it's right beside zucca, the food is 100x better :)
yeah i got ya. :d #shoutout to you too then
sweet dreams and get some good rest craig leave the tweeting to us late nite squirrels (i mean owls) nite and hugs :)
ever thought of becoming a pirate captain? :)
peace & love to all :-)
do you wanna follow me, pleas pleas pleas? :d
*squeels like a little girl* oh yay! i'll check it noooooow! :d
i just wanna be on the beach...sunburn! :)
surprised the bestie today i miss u soo effin much <---- :)
i've never heard anybody say that perl makes beautiful code. :)
follow me jasmine!! i'm a really big fan and it'd make my day!!! :d 2
owh i see. :d can't wait for it. 13 apr is coming fast. ^^
hey inmature people , nobody cares if you want bieber to be a tt higher than the jonas :) kay bye.
it's right on santa monica blvd & san vicente. :)
oh i <3 the blog i agree i hate the all caps guy, the guy who disappears, the send me a pic guy ugh! but love the witty guy :)
sureee :) <3
follow me back? :d
thank you for following me :) please follow:
going to my beautiful bed. i hope you all have a wonderful night :-)
im good hun :)
rihanna pon de replay~~~it goes 1 by 1 even 2 by 2. running music 4 jogging, playing, grooving 4 u :-) ♫
glad to see i'm not the only horror wuss :)
=) damn. sounds good you look good. shit got me wishing i was in the same state as you.
its cool :)
#jonasbrothers & #selenagomez the best..!! =)
uh no.. but it's okay :) you can stop. i'm doing 10 for 10 with someone else now :)
#teamblackberry welcome thanxxx dude :-)
u gud? aren't u tired, been up all night by the looks of things! :)
sorry, i was abit pretentious on that last one! :-) ♫
aww cute egg! :d look at the twilight easter egg we made!
#nowplaying whataya want from me they just played fye. :) i'm waiting for my lunch to come... mmmm...! :)
i hope you can watch the show tonight because we'll be featuring your twitter page. =)
who thinks im weird?? (in a good way) i hope i get loads of tweets! :d like legit...
all smiles from my daayyyy «-----purty c'nellz!! =)
fun fact: i am fountain of useless information about the ninja turtles.. seriously.. there isn't anything i don't know.. ask me.. :)
#nowplaying "something" drake :)
ok, off to bed....goodnight twitterverse!! god bless! :-)
well i hope your night gets better =) life is too great for you to say fxck it =)
banget gila anjrit ug mahal 30ribu tolnya omwt suramadu bridge :d
if your cool you will follow and :d
sweet dreams :)
haha yea she like that shit :) and this shit as well.... damn bounce trick!! lol
night night. that's cute you call me blue calls me that too. :)
hear hear! and by sharing knowledge. knowledge is power! or if you cant get that, at least some decently formed opinion :)
just got home and its light which is bizarre. epic night though! goodnight :-)
emang ni , kalo html msh rada" inget . huhu mumu senin bawa ya catetan html gua mau foto copy :) hehe
hey, i'm so proud of you! you're a half filipina & i'm a full filipina :d follow me sister :) you sang for manny right?
just got home. getting reaady to leave again :)
#ff << follow these 3 also ^_^
ah yes, the python scarf picture is one i reworked a bit. it turned out well if i do say so myself :)
no no no not yet ! when neda the actual account owner gets back ! i will tell you when ! lmao :d
amazzzzzing workout!!! #p90x is pretty badass! (i started with the core routine). :)
