when i was on my co owned account i helped like a million people get followers :d
awww you remember :) . . i lovee & miss you r.o.d !!!
lookin' like a fool with yo pants on the grounddd, idk why i said that:d hope your mom had a lovely birthday :)
that makes 89 cd's given away now from huge prize pack the night of the 100th cd giveaway. signed cd? maybe :)
i just bought it 3 times!! yesterday!! :d 3 mean i love you!! 3 words!!
lakers and the angels win tonight!!! :)
i got milwaukee's 2009 model of the year under my belt already..let's see if i can get 2010 too... :)
i got a drink ready for me already :) i love randy for tonight lol im still the birthday girl
who is on twitter as this point of the hour ? :)
it would make our day if you followed us. we know you get a lot of those tweets. but you really inspire us !! :)
thanks! :)
will u if we buy ya a few drinks? puuurease? haha. let's ask. do u do karaoke? just wondering :)
go ahead & smash him babe, i'll still love you in the morning :) #simpsaturday
my vans came the other day :) hope you win soon
wassup aludra?.. haha nice seein you here :)
follow back ? :)
awww my boo is still up :) lol
me&2 of my guy friends w me door saying no guys can u get me in pls :)
thank you for the #ff and #gratitude, have a super weekend :-)
hey alex. :) can you please sing me something? i love you and your voice so much. your biggest fan, danielle. <3 #iicdhouse
feeling good today :)
win a 100gb vertex le! simply follow ocz and retweet this to win : ) let the games begin!
is a cutie! nice guy :) supporting his music, he deserves it.
can you follow pleaseee :d
layin dwn chillin on twitter :)
nothing listening to nickiminaj i watch the ustream video too from the other day they was recorded :)
if you want me to get you 5 followers :)
just know... johnny rockets wings on point. my 1st time here.. =) success!!
mine was fun! i took my niece to see clash of the titans, walked around the mall and got starbucks. it was nice. :)
right, must go source some caffeine :)
thanks. haha, so happy :)
god bless america ! =)
all kinds : )
aw i can see why. i just like thin red tattoos. maybe that's what's so eye-catching for me :) plus i've been rly wanting a new 1
welcomeness to this beautiful new day :-) yesterday has gone. tomorrow is a day away. what are you doing today?
lax smells like a hockey arena... i kinda like that. :)
go follow my other account please! :)
it's a hard knock life isn't it, not being home for the ipad :-)
me too!! i thought i was alone :) i love symmetry.
heyy :) followw mee backk (: i'll givee uu a shoutout :)
*smirks* thanks for the support :)
he lyin..he just making an excuse...he know whats good..and glad you feel that way!!! :)
oh where can i read them ? :d
going to eat foodz then bedtime :) moms home <3 we went through some of my grandmas stuff... i had to hold the tears back...
which am i? lol but there's a difference between "playin'" and "playah" :) cc:
about to walk in the club 411 rite now :) lookin sexy
off to the lhr tomorrow for a week and then off to bos. weather looks great in both places. stay dry-happy easter to you too! =)
lmao :-) well i'm going to bed now.....love yall. good night !!!!
you're not following me!!! grrr... :-)
not too bad on the weekend so far, up too late doing hair :) just got in from miami last night, back on the road
always! u guys are wonderful! :)
yeahhhhhh :) they suck. kevin is awesome, and justin reminds me of a ten year old girl .
insulate yourself from the #recession with kioskmentor.com make multiple $100 cash profits all you do it tweet for me :)
insulate yourself from the #recession with kioskmentor.com make multiple $100 profits all you do it tweet for me :)
totally am, why? :)
i tried that as well..it did work for me :)
minum apa dulu nih.? hihihi.. nope but this is a good lesson. jangan minum banyak2 sebelum road trip :)
just finished watching babe, i love you (@annecurtissmith & :)
shout out to » :)
you need too its greatt :) i wanna be an actress now, lol aww that sucks :/ got a flashlite? besides ur phone ! lol
feel better soon! :) aww wish i was able to go be there with you :(
had an interesting chat with my mom tonight... will have to blog it later. definitely brought out lots of questions :)
besok 4 april, fivers bekasi pada dateng ke bekasi square ya,acara neo mild, pkl. 20.30...thank u.. :) (cont)
....when you tweet w/me :)
video: bridgetvonhammersmark: he got me at, “i only meant to throw the first one”. what a legend! :)
&& i am aiming someone too oww :)
everyone wish a happy birthday today! :d :d :d
that sounds positively blissful. keep telling us about what you see in jogjakarta so we can tweetravel with you. :)
saw perform my #throwback song! =)
i can play this song. :d /bragging.
i love her :) she makes me smile!
aww thanx :)
rt: #askjacqueline. lets get it trending for :d she knows, everything!
cheers :) well placed thought provoking street art... jerm ix brings us jermalism...http://bit.ly/bgz5cc
does it mean that i am a bit slow? probably lol :d
at the shop with my baby i luv u jeff :) ur the best bf in the world i couldnt ask for anyone better
<3i luv jeff<3
hahaha self esteem... rising.. high... bahaha thank you riah :) you make my nights :)
lol yall the main reason why i'm still on twitter tonight..yall funny =)
not at the moment but wanna be :)
i'm going to see "why did i get married too" with my mommy. :)
hi lets chat marc :)
indeed, that's wassup :) u didn't kick buddy to he curb did u lol
my reality show coming soon mines too =)
still working? ugh. stop now :)
not gonna spoil it lol. lots of drama. go see the movie...its worth checking out :)
you may be right.. that is what am worried about :d
lol! o yeah? see i knew i liked you for a reason! rawr! :d
your dang right!! you know i love red lips girl! you finaly listened!rt rocking my red lipstick! would be proud :)
follow me? :)
my grind can be harder... #honesttweet. but i'm working on me :)
seeing clash of the titans with going into it with the lowest expectations... i'll prolly like it :) review soon!
don't get stuck looking at hardware, look beyond & see the potential of apps + touch interface then make ur judgment :)
but anywho im back scheduled giveaways all through out this weekend :d
amen. i'm not "hip" at all. lol :) i work in tv production and mac's just edit video better than pc's.
the ereader tab will be present in the next rom release :)
my first drink of the night "vodka & crandberry juice"! thanks meagan :) xoxoxo
yes i wanted to, too! just thought i shouldn't disturb! but i will for sure next time :)
q:brigitte, i love you.i have since i firs... a:awww :) i love you too! whoever you may ...
blahh blahh blahh ! they can continue talkn bs ; atleast they'll still have sodmg in their name :)
anytime. :)
someone tell me a good movie to watch tonight, sci-fi or action preferable. kthxbye :-)
officially yours craig david :)
hheeeyyyy....how are u :-)
i just ate a century egg! kinda tastes like a mushroom if you ignore how preserved and old it is :d
thanks :)
goodnight twitter-verse. :) xoxo to my friends.
ur a bad girl, not my novio :) lok
joe was on set that day and he was fist pumping. that sounds so wrong, but idgaf! :d
have a nice day naka p'kluay,long time no see.how r u ka? :)
finally on my macbook :d
just unfollowed some ppl :)
its the truth like 90% of the club :)
must try then! suka it's primarily known 4 it's fish head curry which is tasty regular fish curry also nice :-)
can't wait to wake up and get some morning dick :)
-my hips sooooo soft n smooth :)
thanks for the rt. :) have a good weekend.
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
:-) daddyhood! rt: every time i fart now, i look at kaylin.
awhh i love you beth cooper is the cutest movie eveerrr! :)
because im in that kinda mood. #sowhat. =) lol #twitterafterdark.
lol! i've just had a rush of red avatars. oh no, just a lot of chatter from :)
approve me :)
welcome kak thankyou info limitnya :)
you will soon get used to it :) very simple yet also very interesting :)
yeeep! it's much better than the hitlist... goodluck girrrl! <333 :)
#ff ~~~> with the coolest #tcot bio :) // hah that's great!
yeah it's always been like that if your profile is not private. guess cuz some randoms and spam accounts see it. :)
i like your house :d
thanks . i'll list you back :)
good morning peeps! how are you? :-)
an artist's intention to create.. :)
that is all i do..on desktop :)
in this case, "experienced" = "old, fat, and slow." :-)
art work is also done by men and patience come as part of analytical skill too. don't underrate the people from mars so much.. :)
thank-u 4 the #ff guys :)
woooo ! ily tooo :) one day, you gotta stickam wifff us! we have a secret prank calll to do.
make it easy on me, tell em so idon't have to ask or get it from an unreliable source, please and thank you :-)
you were right. it was great with scotch :)
lol! i assumed as much from your chocolate tweet ;) you're with family for easter, i take it? glad to hear :)
"would you please take your clothes off.. or would you rather me do that part?.." // i rather you do it :)
q:how t yu today? :) a:im good :) wbu
movie tonight kress in hollywood! come film with me! :)
brilliant thanks for this :) i ate so much in nyc now im back im gonna be good.
i'm quoting superbad and mean girls in my head. :)
i will always stay that way! fo sure! lol :)
free gr8 stuff 4 (grand-) parents visit my twitt #friend s site profit from her pl :)
<hahaha! i'm getting #wasted right now. ;) << happy birthday :-) you gotta get wasted
i always tell to hold ma hand :) ilh
oh i will help you later. then we can do 20 for 20 :)
what is your fave drum maker? i am buying a set soon. thanks. :)
:) girrrrrl i dont hav etime to wait for approval!
thanks :) #fs
but i didn't need help =/ *pours ky jelly in hair* maybe that'll help. :d
i didn't watch! i didn't check anything! plz tell me we won! and if we did, i still say its not me :( :)
just wanted to say... i <3 my 1008 followers :d
not that you will read this, but are playing in east ridge, tn on the 6th april! you should come down :)
not doing a whole lot tonight- tweeting playing pc game- kinda boring :)
let's hope that's never a needed requirement for a future job :-)
go watch genevieve, people! if you're at wondercon come watch me moderate the panel for "happy town" tomorrow morning! :)
ny actually. :-)
i do get lil rough! lol oh: if it lands on my ass, don't slap it that hard! :-)
just did ! you welcome ! :d
to be honest its most probably a question of "when" for me :) did u see marvel's ipad app? :_
alhamdulillah kenyang, skrg nntn mtv at the movies :)
:) just kiddin u guysssss!! whats with the wig?? i mean who wears a wig?
perhaps... or it's a very profound statement about "the average man". :)
yup! and he came home right as it ended. had to put roger rabbit away lmao..i wish :)
wow many of #followers love purple awesome i doo too :)
o.o that show sometimes freaks me out like wow ha. im watching rob and big :d
thanks for the :-)
absolutely! that's a perfect spot for the next #habstweetup. but you'll need more straws for that glass. :)
you bet! :-)
anytime :)
yes we are girl. my family keeps me motivated. =)
oooo ok ! well i prayed for yall anyways! :)
alright guys im outtie about to finish writing some tracks but keep the fans coming please :-)
not uh. an evil one tho :d
omg the best bieber page ever on twitter! has links to everything. go follow! it's new. show 'em some love :)
hey :)
love you :) told me to write you haha
if you want me to get you 5 followers :)
if u click the button follow then it would mean a lot to me =)
he'll learn he has great parents :)
:) thank you
have fun "drink responsibly, like you just said." :) def not apple juice!
you smile i smile :)
uh-oh! i see dark clouds! time to call it a day at the pool & hit the showers :)
great night :) class was dope u little freak just finishing up night caps & snacks with my fave boys (cont)
alright everyone. goodnight :) sweet drirty jonas dreams.
lol haha yeah they do, but you gotta admit its never boring and they have fun.....most of the time :)
we know your on just tweet already :d
but girls just wanna have fun :)
aww. thanks hunn!! =)
duck tales ftw! :d
hola! i hope that all is well and that you're having a great time! :) i also hope that i get to see you this year. haha :p
#2myfollowers sorry all that the mean things i just broadcasted on here! lol smh nigga pullen me outta character! but im back now =)
's mom should be lol :)
what tone? (angry voice) =) ok so i lied when i said goodnight i'm bak lol heyyyyyy lol
headed to the fusicology 9th wonder party with && :)
i'm still here john rzeznik <3 this has always been my song : )
