thanks! :)
:) let's go! #ff #ff let's shoot together.. follow us
she followed me too dude :d
lmfao. good girl :) your learning. bahahahaha :') im a mean bean fo'shure xd
well that is just crap :) my ath chalkboard: no president of the united states was an only child
celebrity jeopardy: cosby, osbourne, connery on hulu: :)
happy birthday :d !
still grinning about today. hee! :d
i like having 'the hottest tall girl' as my sister :-)
i know :)
my timeline is filled with #tedxmumbai updates. nice to see it live as well :)
good morning chris ... hope you managed to find some coffee ... have a great weekend :-)
ah! thanks alex! :)
thank you! i'm glad you like it. :)
it's ok. i'm old. it doesn't matter anymore. :)
it was nice meeting you in vegas for smackdown...thanks for signing my wrestlemania book! :)
if you want me to follow you!! :)
the photo was just something to entertain you for following us :p and. . . it's a simple theme one of the owners has/uses :)
whats up? :)
hello! we have just under 2 minutes for you to tell me how's stuff? :-)
keep in mind we have a "very small" membership. i'd prefer to keep it that way too. :)
moist. yup! btw- check out 's page and check out what he was talking about during the back rub :)
1st one im suprised lol but i be seein yall n 2nd is beta :) ur choice
show time in... 94 minutes :o or 8am your time, as it´s sometimes known!!! :)
yesss :)
you and have to wait, that more difficult than just saying how feel :) tweet you in morning, i hope one day soon can speak more :)
they must have been short of copy :-)
its hard tweeting to crazy people i'm glad you're on here dear. missed you :-)
what happened to your old iphone? =)
haha thank u =)
:( that sucks. who knows you might be lucky & win tix to it? :)
wow he must be really rich and smart :)
followers... yeah!!!!!!! :)
followed :)
awwe thank you :) just tell sent me to ya hhe :) i'll list ya 1o times then
powerful way of putting it, but i disagree. :) if heaven is waiting, then waiting is hell (@pawelotti)
thanks mas shafick!:) sama2.. :) slamat membungkus kado..rt
i love you more. ♥ :)
watching 'my sister's keeper' again :) gunna cry... again haha
get well soon! :)
1st fridays w/ my folks! missed them :)
following the haircut :) (@ novaks)
:)
he is soo stinkkin cute, he'll look pretty close to my dexter when he grows up :)
just got home from my youth program! im speechless...my babies have grown so much...and im so proud of them :)
that sign is so cute babe! enjoy at your auntie's house. happy easter to you and eswandy! :-) miss you!!
thanks ;) #ff i'll help her out! :)
can you follow back please? :)
#nowplaying...imma be..bep < that's my jam! :)
hehe, i am on, but getting ready for bed bc i have rehearsal early. how are u sweetie?! :)
nope :)
when i was a small kid, my family just spoke japanese w/ me. then i forgot a lot and i had to relearn later. culprit? tv :-)
i figured out why black love is dwindling cuz they cancelled midnight love...smh man lol..i'm just sayin! :-)
follow me pleaasee ?? thanks for answering my question :d
bed..11 mile run bright and early. thankfully my daddy is here & going with me! pray we make it! :) then early easter dinner w/ the family!
 @isnuffedlilmama of course =) now stare into my eyes til you fall asleep <---owww! get that shit! lol
call mrs.flinestone i can make ur bedrock :) haha that is stuck in my head
lol omg, what a coincidence ! :o ill share my oj with you :d
awww tell her i said thanks!! :)
kool ur at home then?? :-)
spent quality time with an old friend...i miss hanging out with her! our friendship has been going on 7 yrs strong :) how time flies..
#peopleshould follow :)
sorry, i am now. i didn't realize i wasn't... whoops! :)
followed ya! :)
long story :d
if you want me to follow you!! :)
aha it was wasn't it! :-)
if you're pumped for summer! (justin's tour) :d
that's a beautiful painting!! you're so talented and sweet :)
i have my munchkins back! :)
yay! wow my first time remembering all names without looking at ur profile!! :) haha
sean i love you , rude girl is better than rhianna's version ! will you plz follow me ? (a) :)
lol...thanks. sux about the fair, i hope u hit the lotto b4 :-)
i feel like a hair stylist today doin a lot hair :) // lol sure have !
my followers are amazing! iloveyouu ♥ :d bestiess =d
thanx :)
.. hihi.. thanks arabellaaa.. here here check it outt .. let me kno wut u thiinkk :) ps.hurry back! ;)
i think i'm going to change my twitter picture. lol. :d
follow back? :d
wooo demons got a goal :d 77 to 73
next month i will get a major hardware upgrade. life will be sooo much better!!! :)
oh so you feel good about dat shit huh? :)
"now every,club promoter wnna bid like auctions,cuz we pack shows,cel-tic's lyk boston",@nickimina :)
go to applications.then click on the clock.hit the bb button.choose set alarm :) good luck
&& thee couuntown beginss ---> 2 more days until #gifttothepublic mixtape frrm; && is releasedd! #wingzup all day :d
oooh no i didn't that's fab, i can actually go to bed at a human time and be part of the fun thank you!! :)
you too ya.god bless!:) but thank you so much for cheering me up ka have a great saturday :)
... shut up rich :)
good! then you can go hard at my bday party friday but details will follow. have to decide if i should work or party! :)
well yah diiid get *really* mad that one time i messed some if yoah stuff up... but but but i won't do it again!! :d
yeap.. u need a hair dryer.. it would have been dried 2 hrs. ago =) buy a small 1, just make sure it fits over your head
omggg :) it's hacking nina's account ;d
its "a3" come see us! :)
:p :p where r u from? rt: hahaha nah..we're in diff cities ~ duhhh :)
that's okay, it really made me laugh! :-)
yessss! i had to go look at your bg to remember, it's dope btw! :d oh, do you know somebody who works at a candy shop??
of course i notice you :)
haha i think it might be shaping up to be an awesome story :) #yafrenzy
haha sweet :) where are you from?
makes my long distance relationship feel not so long... :) thanks skype!
