first seven people to tweet me saying they followed gets put on a list of people justin/sean/ryan need to follow/dm! :)
am i that bad at math? 5 more to go. :)
it was his school project on the depression era. he had to make us dinner for under $5.00. :d it was deeeelish!
glad you're feeling better :)
thank you. : )
^_^ #ff my spontaneous buddy
dude, we're getting closer to 100 quickly :) we love you guys!
they needed to find out what was causing the dim driver's side light. they didn't bother charging me for it, though. haha :)
#shoutout2dagirlz dat ka keep me smilin, its hard 2 do :d i love yall
oh, and a special #ff to because my zombie ostrich artwork arrived today -- & it's totally sick :) in a completely awesome way!
and this is my 6,700th tweet (: i dedicated it to because this girl is seriously amazing and i love her so much! :d <3
thank you for the rt's :)
lol thank you :-) you made me smile today, my first smile of the day. i am grateful! and love it to know that you won't hit me ;-)
hmmm week long drink time? would ruin bank balance, liver and a levels but will be best week of life probly. hmmmm choices :l :)
watching the movie enough =)
win a 100gb vertex le! simply follow ocz and retweet this to win : ) let the games begin!
agreed!!! :) in shreveport sucks! :(
thank you! yes, it's great to have the prizes too! was worth the day at the nec :)
i bet it will! will def let u know how it is =)
reading tweets make me laugh :)
cuddles are awesome :)
happy birthday to you ~ happy birthday to you ~ happy birthday chase's dad ~~ happy birthday to you...and many more :d
yes. :d second tattoo.
only 13 to go :) lol
lol. i remember taking the mint jelly and hiding it under some food :)
i just love her twitter name>>@orange_chikon----thanks hunniie!! =)
you should.. and check ya boy blog out mrmixologist.blogspot.com :)
if you are follow.n me & not then you #aintshit follow him :)
thank goodness u got it off :d
just tell them to say hi to me :d
ahh i love you :) and of course i'll tell people about yours!!
follow me! :)
#follow the queen of sultry defaults/twitcons & she's a sweetie :)
heheh i know who he is! i watch that show! love it <3 terrence is my fav :) bahahaha yeah love remu too :)
:) how are u
yay im no longer craving chinese take away bcos i had noodles lol :d get in!:
followed and listed :)
yay im no longer craving chinese take away bcos i had noodles lol :d get in!:
sure thaaang :)
no worries... : )
please keep following >>> <<<< ! =)
shoutouttt <--follow :)
sleeps and eats most :d
due to the easter-ness of this weekend, the next episode of drunken cooking will go up saturday, not sunday. so you can show grandma. :)
great idea!! heck, just the audio from my sdo vid was priceless :)
sounds like you're going to have a great weekend! enjoy! :)
:) we're using plastic :p are you feeling better?
that's very possible! :d uh, you're going to hooters. i'm sure you'll find some company there. :)
i'm bored and don't want to sleep... what to do? oh yeah let's translate tsg wikipage :d
follow friday to , thank you for the kinds words, your are a very nice person as well :)
=) i'm sure i did, but i'm slippin on listening to new music =( #tripping
it is always so nice when you can take a few hours to reconnect with dear friends. :)
trading in the ol' popcorn? :) i just became the mayor of dairy queen on
yeah for sure, i am open to all suggestions. drop me a message on tumblr :)
btr is on! whadduppp!? <3 :)
piling all my photos from the last 6 years into one place. can flip through a year as easily as flipping through a magazine :d wowowzers!
gooooo follow her she neeeds 7k kayyy!!!!! ---------> u do it or u dieee!!! :)
17. :) i have two now.
i aint mean its all lovee :)
#backintheday i was young i was in love but i'm not a kid anymore!! =)
dear friends, thank you for your mention : )
how many times have you seen :)
:-) thank you for following! cheers
im good you? :) what up?
oh yea! :) if you think is a sexy beast!!*
haha your sending him dms lol, me too :)
follow -------------------------> noooow :)
tomorrow is gonna be a day where i can jus chill finally :)
she means a fringe :) they call it bangs? hahaaa x (@4beliebers live on
<---follllow nowww :) give her shoutouts too cuz when she gets to 7000 she will follow back :)))
answer to this with your favourite gaga lyric! :)
thanks. your quote re: chess pieces was timely as i read a piece about a call for war. futile process, but the games continue :)
well 2 out of 3 will be good enough :) give these guys a follow--> #ff
i like that default rob :) makes me think of slime
u r welcome. i only speak the truth! :) i'll be up but won't be attending #dlw10. however, you know i will visit breaux!
like i said whenever lol :) of course, that's the first thing i was gonna do :)
i love that i'm 20 min away from manhasset =)
it will; rarely does anyone keep my interest long enough to matter :)
ehh road trips are fun, who cares? ^_^ x
me too! :)
thank you for your wishes. it's a start for sure. : )
hi thomas thx for the good suggestion. you will soon be able to select multiple languages & fluency levels on www.tripping.com :)
be nice :) ask awayyyyy
lying on my porch floor listening to my mp3 player :)
thanks i always appreciate that :)
little me :)
dear friends, thank you for your rtl : )
go follow anyone who does im adding you to the list im sending christian to dm/follow you :) ---
i'm going to be on abc grand stand today from 12pm 2pm! i know my mum will listen and i'd love for you all to listen as well! :)
flipping through my scrapbook and snacking on mini eggs :) makes me teary-eyed! (the scrapbook, not the mini eggs..lol)
we love watching the bats swoop around at dusk. just think how many icky bugs they're eating! :-)
lol excellent!! summer is a coming!! :)
thanks! :-)
lol ♥ ♥ _ just spent four five hours playing sims 3 :d ♥
yeah, the girls are good at keeping people from noticing my nose. : )
i will! u too! :) hope to get gd picts today :)
haha :) your wife will love it! if she doesn't get a new wife ;) lol
dye your hair grey! you'll look just like jamie lee curtis. :)
follow me back? :)
you're welcome :)
