you rang??? :-) stephanie
hunny you've got to see this blog. what fun :d its
if u dont follow justin and chuck will hunt you down until u follow her... lol :)
they are really great size, i love them. glad you agree :)
... hehehe.. thanks de' chachaaa... have a good saturdaaayyy :)
finally caught up on nn and had to post to the dn! how great for him to mention autism day & show the cherry blossoms! :)
i love you man! smart and hot, what a combination. and your pretty cool too :)
uhuru! i got twinkle... finally ^_^
a week is a year, a year a decade, a decade a breath and a breath but a life time. has a man to wait his life for a breath? :-)
#retweetthis if you want some bomb head from someone now.. this goes for both male and female :) <<<hell yea who givin face
jazzy plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
eff em :) i enjoy posting thru it. posts to fb b/c of the "real friend" spin. i get it. i still would like option to twitter push
seriously go follow she's funny and an awesome friend. :)
.@travisketchum hello travis :) hope ethical dilemma is resolving...? meantime #4sqday made the press :)
lifes goodd lol ; i checked out a couple of em. u r pretty funnyy =)
hey dude how r u ?. : )
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :d
i <3 my twitter friends! :d...we <3 you too =)
mines was iight :) coulda went better
#tilatequila just walked in to vanguard :)
hey =)
feels like i might sleep tonight!! woohoo!! text me though :)
thank you tod! you have done an awesome job! happy easter/ passover or whichever you celebrate to u & ur family also! :) xo
your so pretty & talented! i envy you :)
yeah.. i was checking out my timeline.. :)
do we have a tutorial on how to un-tag a photo? if not im going to make one :d
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
we could have a great relationship! :)
haha i'll tell my friends to follow you :d
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
i think so :) be sure to buy my album comin soon..
yeah, thats true! some people on here pose as you, but of course i know the real you, because your verified! :) ♥
if u want an personalized icon :) i'll pick one of the retweeters lool :d
omigosh, i love your beautiful site -- i'll definitely be back! thx so much for the :)
hope youre having a gorgeous weekend! :) xo
do you reply to dms? :) ,,
:) gracias:)
got you! were working together this week :-) (-we damn sure iz lol
celebrating bday tonight!!!!!! fun night ahead!! come to the abbey to join us :d
hey right back at ya! :) @jobrowhoa i reported the niley hater or whatever bitch :) she was disrespecting you
yea it is sad. i'm gonna try to recruit my friends into it :)
message fb with kak :)
:d task manager. lol dur.
isn't it ironic... :) cats are good fung-shui, but damn they're a handful when acting up!
wat the heck u waitin for? follow rite now! plzz :)
your amazing, please follow me :)
#chess is 4 everyone :)
will do! :)
thats great news! hope you get some rest this weekend! :)
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
weak. let's talk your wedding next week? tue/wed? let me know =)
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
morning! have a good one :-)
i'm 6'3 << short { i'm 5'0 =) < wowwww honey ur tini :d #thingsicoulddo smh lol
thankyou for the #ff love! :)
i'm sure they'd do it on request but i was specifically asked about the o or u :)
watched the blind side tonight (very good movie) and had pizza with a 2005 rioja from marques de caceres in spain. : )
its a good feelin to be sexy.....dudes buy u n ya friends drinks :)
i aim to please. and destroy my evil, evil liver apparently :)
good morning #virtualwife :) battling with the naughty coffee i see! can always tell it bout da day u whipped the cream!
hehe guess if you are approved.... :)
ok newwww username :)
seems like is starting to addict with twitter! hahaha :d i wish oppa will go on twitter more often <3 love
mo'nique got a brand new sexy body.. but the same damned arms! shit :)
thanks for the #ff mention :)
im homee :) and exhausted haha :p
cuddled up with my man on a fri night = heaven :-)
:)
ty for the rts :)
who wants a shoutout ?! :)
yay, i'm so impressed :d
chuck it on a grill for a few seconds. it'll come to life! :)
i know it was really good. :)
oh yay :d glad you tweeted me before i passed out... meep i hate taking pics
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go :)
it's awesome if you like teen/cheerleader/early 2000s movies. :)
any man that likes to dance alone in the mirror at the club is gay! :)
off to loch ness today , edinburgh was superb :)
thanks 4 #ff, dear. nice to mention you. :-)
haha! :) totally :) i just can't take the sweetness anymore.
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go <3
hi jasmine :) how was ur day!
owww..that was hot :)
no i lay my beautiful head :)
good morning :) ur dp .. first u were looking left .. now right ?
love that movie to death =)
halte durch richard, nur noch 7 hours, 6 minutes and 22 seconds :-) #ipadcountdown
lmao i do too but still my perceptions are fairly accurate :)
lmao for something that long id walk out there! =)
and thank you :)
hahahahahaha yay :) thank u mt love the feelin is mutualrt no! i think ur the bomb :) « fags
you have nothing to worry about :)
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go! <3
whatuppp ? :)
ahhh follow me, you're one of the reason why i am proud to be a filipino haha :) pls pls pls!!!
my mom bought me some easter tulips :) <3 her!!!
#meandnickiboth have cell phones :) i wonder is her minutes free!
i wanna watch last week's episode of how to make it in america :)
bff said that she's in luz del mar in calapan with dyusa and bf jasons, bonding moment ulit :)
i'm serious! i can't even watch spider man 1 anymore!!! that man is my sworn enemy! :)
wooah :o really fast haha :d thaank you <3
midget! lol jk i'm 6'3 << short { i'm 5'0 =)
:) always makes me happy to see other people's joy. manic-joyfulness even better.
at the concert, i noticed the championship banners were hanging :) #wnbalove
hi. i love you sooooooo much. :)
leyendo tales of the jedi: golden age of the sith #3 :)
:) a fool finds no pleasure in understanding but delights in airing his own opinions. proverbs 18:2
i'm doing...well..okay : ) how bout you?
me tooo! =)
thats good to know bc imy tho =)
is this better then? or would you prefer aim, facebook, formspring, text? the possibilities are endless. :)
thankyou!!! :d
was that "lol" in reference to my #bridgetjones kind of night or my "haha" statement? regardless, i'm drunk and i love you =)
shuey, on haley's beeeeddd :)
same here! they're sweethearts. :)
this weekend we tackle chocolate covered matzo & latkes! :)
thanks! looking forward to reading :) but python 3? isn't it not very widely supported today? django won't be compatible soon, no?
i will :d
whoever follows will get a massive shoutout and ill dm justin & christianfor you ! tweet me if you follow, goo :)
if u want an personalized icon :) i'll pick one of the retweeters lool :d
*waits for you and gets a bunch of pillows* :)
coming out as a writer is daunting :)
chris hemsworth, liam's brother, is far more attractive and doesn't have a weird nose :)
no virus. challenge? finding the mac software to do my works :)
awweee :) :d :d :d yayy for smilies!! :) :) :) and i will tell youu! :d
come sidong w/ me let mi help you :) -dead- #beggin
tha t rite now....but we to tha city mañana!!! :)
followed :d
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
hi jasmine :) how was ur day! :d
hi i followed you because sent me :)
shouldn't you be out hitting baseballs or something? :-)
i love you too! :)
slowin' it down in club 101 with "always" f. grab someone & pull 'em close :)
the robin is beautiful craig thanks so much for sharing :) where do you live again ?
check out the new briannafrost.com dont forget to look at the trailer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =)
i caught one of picks! :)
i only tasted mango :)
ok lang ill use it pa rin. thanks so much =)
hi jasmine :) how was ur day! :)
your latest poem is amazing. well, the others are too :)
yes please :)
i love youuuuuuuuu, i love the video of serious you're amazing! :)
yay. thanks :d
thanks :) we're going to keep at it!
you can call me m&m cause both my frist and last name start with m =)
:-) ok i'll let you get back to your hair.
i love you bubby :d
i think my obsession w/ hockey is becoming a sickness. if i could just watch hockey as my job i'd never have to work a day in my life. :d
well, i bet some grandmas wear lime green. :)
follow me back jasmine :)
i always wanted to be a librarian! just the thought of being surrounded by all those books makes me swoony :)
chillin with my :)
is you wants shoutout :)
lmao shit just got done eating breakfast .. u see the twitpic ? :)
hi ben, it looks as if you have some apps for the n86 have a play & lemme know if you have any questions :)
hahaha i read it and am like why she say huh and then it says ur twitter name and am like wth?? haha :)
thanks for the tips mbak :) buku 'the international jew' yg ditulis henry ford menurut saya (cont)
i love you man! smart and hot, what a combination. and you're pretty cool too :) no love like the bavalove
if you want a shoutout! :)
get all these yet? :-)
last night, john told me that when he sees me in the new ghana team update video he wants to snuggle up to me. :)
thank you! :)
that's the one problem i left out. ;p and thank you very much! for replying (i basically just died) and liking my photos! :d
يسعد صباحك :)
:)
get me see's bubba!! :)
current members i said dont cancel ur membership bc sunday ten new strip tease /masturbation vids and three new pic sets will be live!!! =)
wurs so he can come put me to sleep =)
follow she is another who made my day :d get her to 33,500 she deserves this
oh word thats huge is #famous :)
one more to full :-) lol
:) p.s. they had some ugly ass broads the other night ..i was looking like wtf ? dude yall could have done wayyyyyy better !
so the ratio in this vip area outside pure is 3 women and like 60 men. lol. i feel sorry for these guys... but more for me!! :-)
follow now ~~~~> :d
drop by excelso! sav wants to know who you are :d
johanna!!!!!! your back!!! sorry.... i've sent you like 1million tweets. haha.... how are you??? <33 :)
your welcome :)
lol! this looks so real! we have a new employee at my work! :)
i am awaiting corn bread to be done... but it'll be one of the last tweets for me.. i need to go to bed =)
ha! i'll call him/her next time... g'night! :-)
'ey :) how are ya
i'm going to roscoe's tomorrow morning!! imma be at the long beach one so if y'all there say hi to me!! =)
ok guys- i'm off to macau... have a great weekend! ^_^ miss u xx
i got da free all till sunday who coming to see pretty?(check u out rashaunnnnnnn =) --why ma gov. lmao
from nv, to light, to wet willies, to madriver! great friends and a fun time had by all! goodnight :)
it was great thanks for asking :-)
neither. the guy must just have limp wrists :-)
u gotta sing 'one less lonely taco' by with it's going to be a hit! :d
thank you :) <3
you are my role model :d love you ! follow me please <3
ahahaha yes of course :) so who else do you like ? so i can tell you i hate all them to ! ahahah jk !
yes! like to watch shows after they're complete. expecting many twists and turns on the way. :)
2day was a real good day .. i needed it =)
i think i remember you;)the one that cant speak english well?btw i didnt mean to say that.it's ok :) btw sorry! lol not mad?
had fun prank calling one of my friends !! lol . :d
:) cool! i have a feeling atlanta may take that title on the 8th. ;) glad the tour is going well.
keep ask me if you wanna refollow! dont unfollow :)
