264 followers... sweeeeet! :d
ahhh i need 41 more followers for 600 :d ahhhh!! shouties for shouties anyone!? beliebers help each other out right? :) bahahaha .
u r the next succseesss dude :) fun140.com/polls/19141-cs-jb-cb-/take
:). i dont think that will happen though :d
i'm putting together furniture. fun, right? :) how's ur night going?
same here..!! hujan tak merata tapi generally cloudy, nice :) ideal time for us sickies to rest rest reesstt..!!
and now that's why i love you girls! ok... another cup of coffee in my pj's it is!! :)
thanks!!!!!!!!! i almost forget just how much i love photography and then i get to work on personal stuff! :)
two more days of good cycling coming up plenty of time to go hill climbing :)
come here :d
backache .. :d
thanks. :-) going to read a bit, then sleep. i'll drink a toast to you when i'm in chico. good night, sweets. happy sunday. xo
too bad two times were online and this time is on demand! not that u know what that is! lmao!!! :-)
thanx :)
i asked her why shes the best . and she said cuz im the best and thats what i deserve . =) #simp101
still up :) ... whos up with me!!
good morning! another late night..........bad girl!! lol :-)
hi lisa :) still hated me coz i got 3 days off? :p
hey thanks so much, appreciate the kind words :)
yessss. 8,000 followers :) wwooo.
you are too funny, how about you ladies decide. :)
can you guys follow pleasee?? i co-own that account :)
(: lovvinnggggggg you is easy cause you're beeeee.yooooo.teeee.fulll dew dew dew dew ahhhhhhhhhhh :)
hahaha i know debo lotty lol =)
tonight's "star wars the clone wars" began with an in memoriam to akira kurosawa. the episode was a variation on "seven samurai"! :o :b :d
and she went to the justin bieber concert!! :d
me too! :d haha.. im about to breakfast.. lol x)
has not twitted in 3 hours nd everyone starts tweeken. justin has a life ya kno.....lol :)
sure thing :)
in tha studio monday :d got some sht for yall ft & >> already!!!
uhhh yes, yes it can be :)
virginracing: cheers, glad to count you as a fan :-) #f1
better thanks...lol yes my insomniacs definitely kno who they are :)
#nowplaying too little too late ► jojo. jd inget yg telat suka ma ini lagu... hahahaaha :d
too funny! i'll be up for awhile catching up on my tv shows. still need to watch in plain sight. :)
:d and thank you for the retweet!
ohhkayy im really going to sleep now , ciao :)
gonna go watch his show comes on in like 13 minutes. :d haha
i totally love u guys now :-) lol
justin has the cutest face when he screams :) <3
good night:) early call time tommorow i'm actually happy i stayed home def looking forward to tommorow :d
soo guesss, ill goo and dream. byeee! :) love yoou biebs
on the road again... :)
homemade soy chai, and then a nap :)
ur welcome:) i appreciated that u guys tweet me back :) it kinda makes my day when ppl are happy:p
the 1st thing to remember before starting a new workout routine don't dislocate a joint with all that unbridled enthusiasm :)
happy anniversary! we're about six months behind you :-) here's to 17yrs!
i think my lucks in :)
thank you! :)
it was good, nice party :) . wbu?
hottest time of the day :d
thanks. have a nice weekend :)
ohhh haha. well.. i'm sure you'll figure it out. you're good at that. :) lol
haha i know ours :) and kstewfashion
have a good night. :)
good for you! :-)
guess what. biebs is with me now . mmmmmmmmmmm :d
dark side of the moon! genial! :) pink floyd ? 8 biti?
goodnight :) sweet dreams . 
crawling through dawson's window from the show dawson's creek : )
jus realizwd what time it wass 1 minute left :)
i juss need one niqhtt with :) _that's all it takes ma ;-)
likely will :) i wish i bought them before winter was over though cuz i dunno how much use i'm gonna get out of them in the summer
nah.... straight back!! no chaser.... :)
i'm such a downer. i apologies. listening to "gone" by kelly clarkson. :)
they're trying to buy umbrellas...duhhhh =)
i just noticed you were tasha on "everybody hates chris". i'm currently watching it and i saw you. cool :)
thank you! :)
:) yall neds to stop, seriously....lol
hahaha awww u know i got loves for you !!! i am going to make a post on my site just for you tmr :)
im glad for youu :)
there really is a right way to do it! it's not as simple as throwing eggs into a boiling pot :)
i know its not #ff but yall twiggas must follow my beautiful homie :) let's gooooo!
i do! lol thanx for noticing =)
thanks again, i really needed to check those wildfire, they were old. so little tweet time lately. :)
.@dottv here's a "little" excitement to get us started dear :)
misssin'y0u, thass where i been at.<< awww bae wen ima seee you? we gota go get some teaaaaa! :)
postive!! :) u know i'm nice so hush
etsss! bisa aja deh pang miss you too :d i really miss my highskool mates.
#peopleshould take they black ass to bed and get off twitter [lmao] juss playin yall =)
photo: orange and poppy seed cupcakes. i followed this recipe but added 2 tbs of orange marmalade :)
you kept mine right?:) <= lol all saved on a disc! :)
hahaha.. giginya copot. :d
i'm in bed. it's so warm :-)
that sounds lovely!!! :)
#virgo #virgo #virgo :d ... i sweear, i dnt see nothin but scorpios on my timeline
-ooomg... that tat is sooo official... =)
thank you bel (: happy anniv ya dan :)
"miss.wilson iss beautiful....."
why thank you : )
summer babies do it better! :) #justsayin if ur not #teamcancer … #teamleo or #teamvirgo … ur wack!! sorry #tryagain
gnight girly :-) goodnight officially .,< u to hun
mandé mail :d
thanks, i saw that myself yesterday. think we'd prefer likes to watch as well as listen! :)
youre da best :)
iv not slept all night. its now morrning. what should i have for breki? :)
right gonna get dressed, feed the dogs and settle down to the f1 qualifying :)
»-(¯`v´¯)-» #grateful to people who make me happy :-) thanks friends
cord of hope kind of week, cord of hope kind of night :)
lol!! i'll shut up! =) great pix aaron!
awwww thanks :) hows everything with you what u been going thru man?
cybersafety games (k-12) (cybersafety games): <- a different way of teaching cybersafety :)
come watch :) and talk. we are gonna talk shit about different stuff
less than 24 hrs till the concert :) i ama going to see some of my followers there, that will be fun, see u there.
watching animal planet. gosh i love this channel! :d (yess ima super dork! so what b*tch!)
u2, have a great day. :) ttyl girl, nice to know you. :)
it is officially my birthday now :) :) :)
yayyy!! see u at 10 :) yayy gnite twitter. i got a lab tomorrow. smh.
yayyy i got a new phone hit me up for my bbm :)
hey, tell you what, if you come to spokane i promise i will make a big easter egg hunt just for you :d
thanks. :-) #tweejaartwitter
wich one u want? i ll gift u. promise. anything for my sis :)
no prob. dm me when you do it if you have questions =)
happy birthday <-- awwwwwww the first 1 ily girl thnk you :d
and with that, i am going to bed with a smile on my face. goodnight :)
so0o i just witnessed him in action. some drunk mexican was being rude and didn't know who was in the car w/ me :-)
thankyou so much, dear. you're lovely too :-)
yes i did! :) but hey i'm going to sleep now.. think i've been up long enough lol
had fun with & : )
2 legit to quit :)
thnx voor de tip !! :)
& happy 5th anniversary, amanda & bert! 5yrs ago april 2 :) may god bless u &give u many happy yrs together! <3
thanks,... i guess it's 8th one or so! i've never spammed him either, it's not needed when you want a reply, really :)
goal for goal ? :)
i think so :) with fielder, holliday, c. lee & werth, i like the power. long season though . . .
the first bar sucked, now we're at menage :)
#indonesiaingin lulus 100 % ! amiinn :)
so until then...#shesoutofmyleague #review coming up shortly :d
and we feed horses :d
i feel like talking to someone(; anyone up for a little chit chat ? :d
lol :)
help me get to 900 please :)
follow back please :)
me :)
no i have not, been to other events. i think go, look at the schedule, and enjoy. prob more about meeting and talking really. :)
good :) abt to close it though :d
needed to turn it on at the club here! :)
see my twitpics? and :d
because you just never know when you might need it. =) let us know if you need any. we're happy to share.
we're just here. feel free to drop by. we're leaving the house in abt 30mins :)
my entry for the panda & friends contest at #welovepandas. please favourite if you like it! :d thanks!
i dont know if i replied to you but if i didnt i'm sorry! thanx so much for the compliment i'm so happy you like it :-)
alrighty! awww, you are more than welcome, sweetheart. it's the least i can do! :)
yeahh, i watched a bit of it online :)
lol no i just got heavily pissed but its all good, waddup thooo tuk? :)
ya'll add www.myspace.com/prettykarima she real beautiful,sex,kute, & mad cool :)
thanks. :d i'm flipping out right now! omjae. omjae! :ddd tweet him! i almost gave up. :d so glad i didn't!
it's even more beautiful here in the spring. :)
buat yg udh pernah dgr album yg "our times".. kalo 'my mannequin' direpackage, gmn mnrt kalian? :)
sumpah gue ngakak banget !!!!!!!!!!! :d :d lady gaga and justin bieber
q:do you prefer handcuffs or ropes? a:handcuffs of course :) i'm brown, i can wiggle out of r...
much more useful :)
thank you so much! :) we love your blips, thanks for helping us spread our sound around!! ;) x
along with pete sinfield's "still" :-)
w'supp holmes =) . hows yah night running
thank you! :)
haha... that was at mt sinai in egypt :)
making peepshi! its "sushi" made out of peeps, rice krispies, and fruit roll ups! :)
thanks cit :) #ff #bjf
yup :-) i need to take a better picture of that. i'll do it on monday. even went out and framed it :-) twice :-)
cant wait to hear 's new songs :) this? love you cody!x
yeah :) what's yours?
thanks for re tweeting it now i gave you a shout out ^_^
you are better at avoiding it than i am.. i was attacked by it around 10pm and just woke up :) where you headed?
it's my bed time. goodnight. :)
i'm up wit ya :)
goodnight ; greet a hbd :d hbd bff :*
sip, anak mana? okay thank you too :) thanks ya, followed juga :] (cont)
justin has the cutest face when he screams :) <3
everyone wish aka stevie a happy birthday!!! :)
ooh okay :) thanks
awww,thank ya! :d
hello jenny :) & thank you!
you’re the simplest love i’ve known and the purest one i’ll own, know you’ll never be alone.. :) :)
thank you. ily :)
yaa trip 2 sa is cool ! buy castrol to win it :)
it's an hour earlier here :) love the name change :)
thankyou bab :d i'm off to landann to see them in watford tonight (: x
i love you more beautiful bitch :) hi.. i love you... that's all...
watched guess who last night its hilarious! one of my favourite movies :)
is it wrong that i think tracey beaker is quite good :) i digress ... #f1 now yay ! :)
can you tell we're related? lol =)
lmaoo! well this one is a german shepard :)
20 dayssss :)
loveyougirlswithallmyheart..yup! :)
fortunately i know no fear. i spit on beaglesharks :-)
only if you come along #yeahisaidit =) ha
thnx, do i have to log in anew when i want 2 use it? i think people shld just shorten their tweets :)
at the bar w the boys, drinking beer and trying not to worry :)
he's gonna follow me , just watch :)
i cant wait to hear 's new songs :) this? love you cody!x
chris & i are getting ready for our ipads and downloading apps haha :d
what is this?! wants to watch a movie and it's 2am. she's always in bed by 11. crazyyyyyy! :)
and can you please follow back? :)
morning *waves from bus* off to sff convention at heathrow today :-) #eastercon book geek heaven lol
u're going to pim? we shud meet :d still confused about what to wear to pim.
yeah i chose that over jimmy choos lol :d
:p random fact of the night! :d whats up?
love you too my darlinka. was offline this week but one trip to your site and i'm back in the know :)
