officially don't care my eyes are still abit gross today, i am way tooo excited :d "walking on sunshine" was on the radio when i woke up! :d
i mean one bedroom .. then doosra .. then hall :) leaving kitchen .. and bathroom .. i sleep everywhere :)
oh yeaaaaaaaaah ! :d ! justin's gonna be so funny on it.
i didn't always use ableton. only for this past year. 95% of clubs will be quieter in the booth than elsewhere. turn it down :-)
yall deserve it!!!.. :) have fun 2nite!
maybe someday :)
morning, i will send you a dm now :)
#shoutout2dagirlz dat swallow nd dnt like to cause a mess lmao =)
getting my measurements taken for taylormade suits and shirts in hoi an. i feel important :)
please follow cause she follow :)
i think today should be a worldwide celebratory holiday. just because its leona's birthday.aka the birth of a goddess :) #happybirthdayleona
yell at her and abuse her. :) fucking cunt.
nur noch nur noch 6 hours, 37 minutes and 32 seconds :-) #ipadcountdown
#iremember uncle scrooge and luie, duie , huie his nephews and uncle scrooge was a miser n loved to swim in his gold :)
can u plz follow me :d i luv ur song serious :d i listen to it all the time :d can u plz press the little folloe button :d
hahah i know right! ahhhhhhhh :d
can we get the kiss too :d #indonesiawantsowlcity
lmaooo , what can i say ?! :)
it looks good.. i'm still amazed at the big curls =) it looks great
spoke to soon :)
it is a fact =) #zodiacfacts besides being ambitious, hard-working and responsible, #capricorn is also extremely sexy
....said "i'm not trying to get in your pants, i'm trying to get in your shirt" lmao, i busted out :d
if you want me to get you 5 followers :)
:d we is to awesome for words! fo sho.
leos are the coolest :) we are generous,warm,loyal,caring and fun. but we can be attention whores. and bossy.
where's , i'm feelin like i just might be missin him! lol :)
my homie spotted my ass like waldo. lol :)
www.klairkia.blogspot.com ...look, enjoy, read, share, retweet :-)
but you love me! :)
what?better than this from a local rag :( or the loved ww2 myth "british push bottles up german rear" :)
#scandalous #wannabe dark hallway with you fabulous ladies?? yes, please! (but will u b able to see me? :-)
hmmm i love foods. much. much. :d
it would be fun if & will have a movie together lol :)
i try to be, i just been called an arrogant jerk so many times, it's good to know someone thinks of me in good way. <3 <3 :d
maybe the checkin operator likes your haircut (or has your dvds perhaps) :-)
mah sister just spent 2 hours thinning my hair out. :)
beyond exhausted.....be safe if you're out; if you're home, stop playing with yourself.....goodnight all :)
if you dm me your email address, i'll add you. :)
haha yah but its a friday so idc since i can sleep in :d
omaagash you're giving me a hard time, but i'll not give up until i get ur follow and attention :)
np sis :) btw cud ya pls follow ? :)) i'll list ya more :)) just tell her ive sent ya 2 her.
empty bus is empty. just me and the awesomeness that is sultans of swing :)
yoo jasmine! i love your songs! especially serious! :d
;) i don't want to control him. i just want him to do what i say : )
looks sooo soothing :)
not yet..vnext will has a theming component to it :) working on a minimal style for netbook like situations
make me win hugo boss sunglasses pls? then go here, & "like" the pic.u need to 1st become a fan of brandmille. thx :)
updated blog: it's a new top ten: best movie bands. read it if you're bored. :)
the anime angel beats got good reviews :d baka to test left a hole in my sched, so maybe this is the show that would replace it~ #angelbeats
thanks for the awesome #ff-s. you're a honey pie. :)
o 4sho :) what crew u in?
tht ghost free promo mp3 ‘your backs’ full song transparent download here :)
you just made my day by following me!! :) thank you so much!! :d
i'll watch from a distance :)
i watched all of your videos :) you are such an adorable girl :) <3 i admire you.
hi mammas, been n fb or writing. im here. will be more : )
your amazing, please follow or tweet me :) <3 !!
what ws the contest? congrats again :) was it a dance off
hi thx 4 + i just followed you :-)
thanks :) #followsaturday 3 follow them and me too ya
lol wooo thanks! :d #ff & .. they're a dynamic duo. keep me lmao! :)
lol unfortunately i'm about 6000 miles away. :)
hi hoes :) hiiii! :)
follow first :)
see you tomorrow :)
if you want me to get you 5 followers :)
it looks like you are having a glorious birthday ... happy birthday to you and continue the enjoyment :-)
night! imma finish watchin forensic files and then going to sleep! mwahhhhhh i so don't wanna go to sleep & leave piris but i'm tired! :)
i'm ridiculously impatient though. that has to count for something :-)
yesssss i'm goooood :)
just got home. i gotta sleep off this jetlag! :)
note to self: this bra is a cup size too small. hello victoria secret! :d
i loveeeeeeeeee thinkin about my future... because you won't be in it. :-)
please promise u will never ever forget u're fans :) ..oh, i dont have to ask cuz i know u will never forget ur fans :)
it would be fun if & will have a movie together lol :)
reading my new book "the four agreements" until i fall asleep...goodnight & god bless : )
haha aren't you supposed to be doing your work :)
hint hint :) #zodiacfacts #cancer people are looking for someone to nest with – for a very long time.
*pours ky jelly in hair* maybe that'll help. :d
thanx sweety, it means a lot :)
not at this stage no, on the list and have been for some time :)
yeah definitely has something to do with heading up education, not a single individual though. that's probably a good thing. :)
i'm proud of u :)
i can't wait to see you in fresno! one more week :)
extremely. considering it's not real... :)
can you plz follow me :) <3
thanks u r a sweetheart :) i do love the sound of your idea date. =)
girl drop dat jaw 4me ;; lil freak #niccce =) (;-) bong!)
it was good. went golfing w/ friends today =) did pretty good. how was yours?
if you don't know him yet, might wanna holler at ola-jendai beluvid, a bomb ny poet who knows *everybody* :-)
you´re welcome :)
ohh btw, i love when rt's my tweets. it makes me happy. :) weird...i know. haha
what's the slice of the night? maybe i'll buy a whole pie for playing . can i do that? :)
read until midnight and am starting chapter 4 today. maybe i should wait until tonight as i am afraid i won't leave the house! :)
np :d ty for asking. and i am ty :d and i hope you are too :d
it's where i work :)
hehe! yes! thank you for coming tonight. :) :)
hey if u have 2,000 + followers, do u want to do 10 for 10? i really need 10 more :d
goooodnite iloveuuuu , i hate wakin up early buht thts thaa only time u tweeet soo ill be up bright & early :) *muaaah*
i like your background too #classic =)
