this if you read all of our tweets :) #jasminator
idk it runs on my dads side of the family. a lot of celebs have it. google it :)
thatz exactly what i was thinking!! :) cali would really represent in vegas!!
hahahha youre almost 14 tara ! :) be patient :o and why??
saturday morning here, but goodnight and sleep well :-)
and on monday, just to further confuse things =)
:) danke :) still havnt got ur story :)
cool :) when will u come in france ?! :)
wise words :-)
and the best of the best. the one with the beaut beaches. australia! :d
nothing like a mini 5 min workout and a cold glass of milk before bed :) ahhhh night tweeps<<<m...
awww haha what did u learn to her l m a o! :d
already thought i was, thanks for the heads up! =)
watching jonas =) episode with old movies
happy holiday! good friend so far away ! :-)
just tillynol pm'd all the way back to ny. bard show fun & weird.@roofeeo almost killed a kid & never skipped a beat to finish the track :)
thanks :)
new doctor who today! :d
rt: rt: i believe that every person in this earth is special :)
good moooooorning off for a shower :)
q:do you like the singer "kailey swanson" ? :d a:whos that?
thanks :)
awww thanks love !!! :-) :-)
followed :)
i like to leave it on the disney channel. i figure disney+mickey=happy :) what better way to feel safe and ooh suite life is on...
oke makasih balasannya! :) btw review how to train your dragon yang satu lagi ada linknya ga? :p
i've just been wowed by the electric razor. now going shopping :)
heh! this is why we have teh internets :)
i love you too lil one =) . bouta get it smackin next week ayeeee lol
thank you for recommending us to your friend. :-)
tweeting :) halo semua, lagi pada ngapain? #answerthis
#shoutout2dagirlz all day everyday!!!! i ♥ bad bitches :) goodnight...again.
so far 3/5 summer work completed :d
eoa <3
there are about 15 people in line now :d
i feel u. it b like that #fact i don't think i'ma ever truly be deeply in love with any female again ..... #sadbuttrue :-)
hello :) i'm following u please please can u follow me back?
turn off the lights and turn off the shyness cuz all of ur moves make up for the silence :) theres a fob >
thaank you :)
ahahaha thaaaaankss...... :)) i'll try them out... ahhaa :)
thanks yaa hehe he need followers.follow himrt 258 followers lagi dong :d
here in uruguay at 04:26 a.m :)
which makes you in the reserved queue? :) cold + lack of sleep = dodgy speech? :p
or check out www.kolektiv.co.nz and sign up to win a years worth of free tee's! good stuff. support the bro pat's investment :)
*sigh* hey tweeple finally home from work...feet r killin me && ended up w/dis big ass knot on da side of my knuckle :-/ but made $20! :)
oh yeah! glad to be home! welcome to the cool side of life! :d
yess i know :d luckkyy girl!
#shoutout to the girl who cock block me from her homegirl.. fyi i still got her # :) #ass #hater
it's down the road from me :-)
could you please help us trend #happybirthdayparis for paris jackson's birthday, which is today? thank you! l.o.v.e! :)
search my name :)
goodnight world :)
pantai di jember, apik. masi di barat lagi. its worht for couple lover :d papuma apaan ya?!..
youre welcome :)
... you guys should give rent.com a try... that's how i found my apartment by the galleria area. :] i love movies! :d
hahahaha u got me! :p yep. :) i'm no good when it comes to the placement of countries. i'm (cont)
i hope it all goes well. :)
you are welcome :) <3
lol this guy is outta control!! :d interesting crowd tonight let's see what these fukers do with some shots!!!!!
man i can wait to get home and crawl under the covers...#alonetweet lol but i'm ok with that :-)
#peopleshould look past 's ass and listen to her lyrics... she's dope like #realtalk :)
.. just got your bbm. i'm home sleeping.. i had another long day! i'm saving the energy for tomorrow.... :)
thanks. hope you are having a great holy week too. =)
who's awake? talk to me =)
:)
new zealand ftw! :)
thanks for the rtl!! =)
yes i am :) i talk to campbell on the computer, haven't met him yet but will soon i'm sure :)
aw man, just got out da jacuzzi feeling woozy :-)
who got a aim ??? or who wana b my new texting buddies ??? =)
we had a showing today. it might be the last one :)
hey, jerseys sounds good :)
yes it was. spent my day on the beach!!! beautiful day in florida wouldn't you agree? :-)
g night mama!! my delicious lil bon bon with mo talent in her pinky than most :) <-- i love somaya:)
do you ever been in the netherlands? :)
morning peeps! had the best sleep last night :d feel all fresh & bouncy. wonder how long that'll last? how are you all?
hello rhys :d hows u?? :d x
lmao does that mean yes! :d
we're suppose to be in a relationship (: _niicceeee :)
rb "i always think of this as your tune. haha. i'm good, real good :d@time2burn: "hi!! :-) i'm alright ... ♫
thank you it is still empty but i will add more items to it over the next week or so :d
my grandmother's sister even had one of those old wind up gramophones on her farm. :)
oooh , well tell otherz :) , hit yu up later bouta go to sleep nite hunny:)
the beauty of life does not depend on how happy u are, but on how happy others can be because of you :) #thoughtfortheday
me :) if you want me to follow you.
101 more followers till 5000 :)
why the sad face? i'd love to work with models :d
morning i just woke up lol least i not missed it. :d
off to wales for a coupe of days r&r. just packing my england shirt. :)
yeah it's on tcm right now. :)
goodnight =)
enjoy your dinner looks wonderful! :-) lobster tales part ii
lol imma see when you in tha shower too :)
thank you so much :)
i decided to take pictures at 3am saying i love you :d haha
12 more follow please?! :)
listening to cudi. living my life. :)
so tru its such a warm feeling to kno there are actually good hearts out there :-)
join the movie club. think oprah's book club but better. :-)
people get checked! :) #freakyfactsays only 10% of people ask their partner do they have any std's, before they have sex.
new background* of me haha :)
#dontyoulove when you are craving something delicious and you happen to find some of it somewhere? :d
ty hon! finally following u after bumping into some twitter glitches! yr site looks very interesting! :) #movie #korea
it's a £1 for the kids at the rugby today :-)
hpnotiq it is :)
thanks for ff :d
jus got in, had a ball. brought back memories when i graduated from fullsail in computer animation. now eat, shower, then sleep. gnight!! :)
headed to watch the f1 practice runs. i hope and are satisfied with the update. :)
thank you......stay tuned :)
lovee you guys..thaank you for all the birthday wishes :)
coz let's be frank here...i've engaged in suspension of disbelief while watching a lot of movies,but they never insulted my intelligence :)
have you ever licked peanut butter from a spoon? im doing that right nw to save from makin a sandwich :)
peace :)
q:don't worry, the one who asked the qstion is s... a:lol oh ok good looks on still following :)
what(? bahahah! ok don't worry, puebla york :) and u(?
i just bought russian navy the other day :d
thx for the ff hun :)
fair enough :) i still like the private number! lol
hahaha im the most boring person on the planet.. ask :)
welcome to my new followers :) thanks for follwoing ;)
family, mates, sleeping fishing. and you? :)
wow hes soooo nice !! he was writing me more than 10 times haha :d and now i will get a post card from him to germany :)
i know... stupidity is readily available when it comes to them. : )
soon! i hope! :)
me! who want to play (guess the song) ??? come on guys if you are the real taylor swift fans! :)
:d : xx i cant say thankyou enouth x
woohoo, another shoot organised today :)
thanks :)
do you see me? probably not lol but its all good :)
goodnight!! fun times once again :)
right! :) its not really easy.
on the job sex :)
the whole thing is utterly bizarre.. which of course, makes it funnier :)
they must have been very well behaved. :)
=)
o dear, so today then is happiest wishes to :) wishing you a superb year ahead :p
i have same prob and no idea what "scratch disc is full"means! let me know if you get a reply + will do same :)
thank you :d my pleasure
ohhh, whyyy thankyou! :d
they r 6 and 4 lol they r my little sis =)
oooh, thanks for that! i may have to pay them a visit sometime soon :)
yw hehe awesome! tq very much : )
jus got back from the casino!!!! won $245 pow! lmao. i'm satisfied :)
*crying* i can't get the site to work right! please tweet me instead? lol. :) how long do you get 2 stay there? <3
thanks for the #followfriday :) xx
i'd tell ya but then i'd have to kill ya :) lol
i believe that every person in this earth is special :)
:-) start my new occasional job this morning. www.motherbhumi.co.uk i adore cooking :-)
photo: hihihihii :) kyuhyun so coool!!! yeaahh.. but look at zhoumi and ryeowook. funny!!
i love great convo... its very attractive even more so than money and fame and well thats it kuz i love muscles :)
we love u bday girl!!! officially celebrating my bday!!! :-) you girls!...
btw, if you guys think i'm talented, please recommend me to about co-owning that's all :)
and ive missed you too! you can text me whenever :) but ive been online a lot too ha
el nino! ^^ iyaa...,d anfield noh, liverpool's number 9 :d usah ikut take me out (cont)
you don't love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her. // lovely :)
watching jonas : ) nothing like my #jonasbrothers ! i'm like smiling right now i really really love them.
woo! in i got shot! :d -.-
just waiting for david to come give me a lift to the station! then i start my journey up to glasgow :) xoxo
thankyou :) im going to list you guys :)
yeah you should man, if i were you, i'll definitely do that. :)
haha urr welcomeee :d hahaha urr kewl too bahah lmao <3 :d well hafta go to sleep my dad is wating ttyl?
yeah it really was a good date =) but i doubt it go further than that
i am! :d i haven't been on much either, tbh! busy!
who want to play (guess the song) ??? come on guys if you are the real taylor swift fans! :)
the bee bop a loo la she's my baby song got me through a two day tramp once. excellent music to brainwash yourself with :)
going to be offline until i have a chance to watch the f1 :-)
imy :) #thatsall
we saved u a spot in vip :) haha come visit us, it's free and u can always go back there...
thank you :)
oh yes, i can see it now... round belly, chubby cheeks all aglow... :-)
just by saying it once is enough :d
good morning #charlottenburg #berlin :) sunny but fresh outside.
♬fly me to the moon and let me play among the stars...♬ :d // let me see what spring is like on jupiter and mars... ♬
i love you !! :) <3 please notice me !! :d = noticed :d
ahahahahaah :)
a single tweet from you would defiantly make my day and please follow me :)
that's okay beauty :)
"the diary of ...." :) don't listen to
her space holiday /and/ sleep!? :)
i got up early :-) brkfast done??
hahahahahahhahhahah. they do! :d kinda. not that i was perving. and secretly waiting...
hi there :)
-thanks :) you do too! hoppy easter!
follow back? : )
haha yeah, i'll try and do that. i'll ask if they have any ipad cases and pull out my ipad :)
people say things they hate way too often. so i'm gunna make a list of things i love. :)
ay!pack up na!!??have a safe flt!!!;)- korek!!! :) thanks.. :)
hey man! #jonasbrothers is trendinger than justin b. let's keep it up people! :)
a pleasure darling :-) hope mum is ok about the plate!
life is much better now :-) thank you <3
i'm tipsy af!!!! ahhhhh i love and right now!!!!!!!!!! w dancing our bootys off!!!! heeeeeeyyyyy :)
thanks listed you too :)
thank you!! :)
looking forward to remember me again later :) my parents are coming tonight, so i will try not to cry...
a single tweet from you would defiantly make my day and please follow me :)
ahhaaha hey! :) johanna??? i think so... ahhaaha :) <33
some serious amyl spillage outside an adult shop on king st. stay classy newtown. :-)
wish it was as easy :)
self mention! reply to whom? ty will do :-) just for fun really..never studied art .. (cont)
me & had the best day today. until i fell into that fat guy on the c train . :d -- lml yess!
