today is ipad day. mine won't come today, but i hope you guys enjoy your new gadget :d
is you wants shoutout :)
the yellowtail is the best thing!!!!! :)
u've taken iceberg lettuce 2 a higher level w/ ur thoughtful comment. ~ c the beauty & take time 2 enjoy it. :) ps...hpy u liked it!
please follow me :) i'm probably your #1 fan in australia. i really, really lovee youu (:
this isnt me being weird but i think u are really cute :) // thankyouu :)
make my day and follow me please? :)
snuggie, snuggies keeps you warm! snuggie, snuggies wear them in a.. storm! to keep warm :)
everyone follow :)
your music is becoming a regular feature on democracy now : )
welcome :)
ah, que isso, de boa :d -qqq que bom *-*
yes maki ;) exactly! :d
love your username... backwards! :d x
i've been thinking about new curtains ever since you mentioned that on lfc. you've inspired me :-)
hey gurl :) dats ma shyt
29 unheard voicemails.. grandma thinks you can't tell if someone called unless you leave a voicemail everytime :) haha
oh yea and #shoutout2dagirlz from da #dmv =)
#ff & :)
thank you so much for your kind words and the ff mention. you r the greatest! :)
okay since i helping so many people please follow me :d & dont forget when neda comes back to spam "danas the best co-owner!"
finally. my article on "alcohol and gaming" is now live. survey results within. :)
:) i just love looking at him, & his muscles!
welcome :)
sleep time. (: hoping for good dreams. i love you :)
;) you missed out! free dogs from (with the good relish) earlier tonight. yum! right :)
it's not in vain though; the cavs are gonna choke&the playoffs again, just like last year :) punk ass bitches
awww i was hoping you would :)
shoutout to all my new tweeple! thanks for the follow! i think i followed everyone back, but if i missed u lemme know pls :)
hey alex. :) can you sing forever by chris brown? i love you so much. and can you give a shout out to danielle and megan?
q:whats up? :) a:skyppping! what are you up too?
love someone i can't have :)
me too :)
follow follow.. follow terasa kerennya... :d
i love how today my teacher was surprised at how i know anything about rick astley, until i explained rickrolling to her. :)
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go :)
:) welllll im getttting of this shittt! it got boring
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
patron and champagne..thats my drink..i call it propane :)
:) ur such a good inspiration. stay around me always lol <- awww. i'm not goin' no where =d
thank you!! :)
#retweetthis if you want some bomb head from someone now.. this goes for both male and female :)
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go <3
thank u :-)
laying on my ralph lauren sheets... it feels like heaven everytime! :)
the right one will come along :)
watching diamond men :)
.true belieber and a jasminator!!! wow... :)
she's got the good stuff : )
feed me some info, mr. info lol what ya got??? :)
you may not like me but jesus thinks i'm to die for :-)
ooh i haven't seen that one! i like tim curry :) he was great in 3 musketeers, such a fun romp!
would that book happen to be a copy of hustler ? :)
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go! <3
nobody has the power to make things perfect, but everyone is given countless chances to make things right. :)
#easterfest venue change for tonights jeremy fowler show.. now red frogs at 11pm.. see ya there!! :)
i think i'll be able to picture it! :)
oh goodnight! :)
#easterfest venue change for tonights jeremy fowler show.. now red frogs at 11pm.. see ya there!! :)
haha..i read those too. in fact, that's pretty much the only reason i follow you. :d
smh!!! welp without interracial relations. there wouldn't be lil mixies as myself running around. so i agree to disagree :)
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go!! :)
hi jasmine :) how was ur day!!
chillin' in the city (by the bay). good to be home. :)
is hosting starhub mobile's 10th anniversary fair day 2 suntec hall 602 from 12 noon! :)
yes! u have a goodnight & don't b a stranger maaannnn! =)
google new zealand is run corporately from australia. doesn't mean they don't have an office in nz. :-)
awwww! next month! for sure! =)
i have been dying to hear you sing breakeven by the script since i first heard your voice. pleaaase? :)
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go! :)
#oraescucho when you were young the killers en #songbird<---roll onnnn!!! :d
why am i gonna love it? :)
if you want a shoutout! :)
hi jasmine :) how was ur day! xd
thanks for the support and advice! :)
annnd a few more #ffs we missed but def <3: cadettes & adria/dopekitten. cm pros & :)
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go!!
follow please :d
okay, thanks. :) i have an optus sim but i think i'll just put up with the additional charges than having to change over.
can you give us an eastern-musical-treat, questo? :)
done babee<3 : )
that makes sense, you probably didn't see :)
one of my favs! i'm watching purple rain on vh1 you should to :)
ok good! nurse karen just had to ask and cake works :) yummy
i just find it quite funny :)
happy birthday to the smelliest, dumbest international man of leisure, love you!!!! you get dip your balls in something : )
what's up twitter!!!
hmu. :)
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go!
i love your music and you. you're very pretty. =) <3
thank you for the elephant. :)
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
i think #mexiconeedsbieber should trend again! :)
fireworks on waikiki beach = amazing. :-)
hey guys my personal is you could follow if you want :d
<---- follow him now now now!!! :)
your amazing, please follow me :) !!
eattin da rest of dese shrimpsz =)
haha yess! thanks now im at 3,600 :d
hint #3: it's not quite what you think. more info to come soon but first i get to film the rest in milan!!! :)
lol i loved romper room and mr. rogers and electric company :)
she is the ultimate ya reader, in college- just fresh and new :d
not you though. :)
the honor is ours! thanks! :)
weeeeeeeell good for you : )
given your great tastes in beer, comics, and bands to hate. will you marry me? :)
followed!!! :) we need a background haha !
indeed they do. i'm at mojo juju now! a nice change from the rest. saw galactic on thurs, too. love em :) meet media at 505?
go follow if u dont ill hunt u downnnnn:) lol :d
thanks for the #ff! :)
i'm going to do a blog for fellas too so no worries trust me i know girls do the same. wait till next week :)
volunteering at the spring beer and wine fest was awesome! now: free beer + pizza :d
lmao!!!!!!! love it!!!!!! glad you guys had such a great time :) :)
yesss im ayt mcdonalds noww :)
how bout in sfo? that's a good compromise right? :)
lmfao :)
yeh precocida, with a girl in a head scarf on the front :) most of the ones i've made are flat, so pan works fine.
yes yes ! :)
aw! you two enjoy yourselves! :)
hahaahahha. exactlyyy. oh and btw. im glad you didnt get raped last night. kinda. :)
rollin' thru, 5 deep cuuzz! haha only girl tonight, time to keep these boys on check! :)
ur welcomed! :)
pls pls pls follow me !! it would mean a lot girl ! :) no lie :) 2
10 people follow :d & i help another !
can't wait until ur back & we can do that together. :)
i'm following you now! :) ~ thank you for becoming a friend here on twitter have a (cont)
:) .. so the movie was pretty dope eh ? tyler perry knows how to deliver. mos def.
you're a wonderful man! thanks for your good wishes. robin :)
also thinking about this as well :-) let's just say, it's not a matter if, but from where. :)
i'm humbled by the love i'm getting these days. not sure how people are finding my work but i'm impressed with who you are. thank you! :)
apparently imran khan farhan akhtar deepika padukone all ended up at hype! sounds like quite a rocking night :) dang i missed it!
thanks por the #ff !! :)
q:i try to but because i have my laptop and i want t... a:so get off the laptop then :d haha
y thank u :) good job warrior
. to clarify. i will use foursquare, not gowalla & will use rally up even if i only had one friend to post all pretty like to fb. :)
thanks yaa :p followed :)
how was ur day ? =)
yumz! im down :) turn on the tv, seee what's on, i'll start coooking. :) *sizzle*
followedrt udah folback aku belom :d yang mau di follow back just mention me! no rt!! 100 people. come on~
logan said earlier that i could waxxx his legggs. fuckkyeaaahh! :) next weekend, let's just say.. it's gonna be hilarious! :)
#mrts neako (feat. profit, flight, swagg bellamy &da bizzness) 1 up :)
me to! :d aww! oh great :) i'm good,busy with easter coming.
on the way :) lalala! swisher after swisher!
yeah i know man the energy was definetly there tonight on the offensive and defensive end hopefully we stay consistent! :)
i'm up! :) i'm listening to doesn't get much better than that ;)
they are all in switzerland :d
yay!!! cant wait to see and party with you girl! i miss you! :d
pls pls pls follow me !! it would mean a lot girl ! :) no lie :) 1
q:thnx for followin me cute stuff! a:lol ya welcome :)
it was enough to make me smile : )
haha how i get it i only says follow me if u love mexico then she follows me :) ahaha loves mexicoooo
check out the site, www.prettyslickworld.com =) dl the mixtape as well
pushin' the good vibes as always, i see. :)
lmaooo oooh'ok =) ; whatchu doing still'up thou?
give me 5 followers and i'll give u 5 too :)
haha hell yea :d you a lakers fan too ?
i travel to tampa pretty often but seldom see the water, except from the plane. nice place, but hell on a girl's hair : )
pretty good, just really tired/sore :)
thanks. ima make sure i kill the next vid for u :)
pls pls pls follow me !! it would mean a lot girl ! :) no lie :)
i know its beautiful i wanna travel europe and see all the art!!!!!!!!!!! structures etc.. i will visit #wyclefwarriors =)
how the heck do you make those peace sign? puzzled in new orleans > leesa :)
be loved witt someone whom i love :)
ha thanks for the shoutout :d
guyss go follow she's new on twitter :) help her out!
berg loves head massager!- and you were the expert who showed me! :)
woo! it worked! :)
yeah! it was great!!!! can't wait to watch it again tomorrow :)
thanks buddy! :-)
i noticed alot of regulars only tweeting him,and hardly any other fans. pipe up and tweet the amazing man! :)
what's up :) what u up to?
hahaha i was just "tweeting out loud". i don't think i look bad w/o makeup, but a blush, gloss & mascara never do a gal harm =)
we all wish you were here!!! :)
i'm and i co-own this acc. with julie!! u can talk 2 me if u want! :) xoxo
glad you love =) xo
retweet: if you want me to get you 20 followers, ill pick 1-2 people to get 20 followers from me [you have to be following us] :)
ooh, snap! well congrats to them to :)
the 1st thing to remember before starting a new workout routine don't dislocate a joint with all that unbridled enthusiasm :)
:)
dear god: can't things just happen effortlessly, w/o much thought on my part? make him just appear in front of me w/a sign :d thx, love you!
yeah, i am thanks :)
noo.. that was the seafood we had in this island :d
hitting the road soon abseiling and coasteering to the max today! and it's stopped raining :) not that that matters!
yeay! :) congrats!
you're making me hungry :)
gonna listen to naturally again :d for like the 10000th time.
help me get to 1000 in 3 hours please? :) i can give you shoutouts back if you ask :d
me toooo like crazyyy :)
woo got service :) dreading sleeping' in a tent d:
oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh...you know i want it... :)
only using it on occasion. :d
also, the blog is posted :d
k goodnight guys. love y'all :)
oh i guess not if u wanna talk :)
24 hours to happiness :d
chick flicks make me hungry for chocolate! :)
lmao get that glow lol yeah we over that :) cant wait c u next month
id rather love someone i can't have.. [like justin] <33 follow me? :)
#jonasbrother should trend more often. :)
she right here eatin candy wit me :)
watchin 40year okkld virgin =)
