most welcome sirji..dilli ya bombay? kya plan? :)
can you dm me pleasee :d
well, someone has to pay the bills! :) lol! not going to look 4 the date until i get slim & purdy :)
i swear i love u guys #teamminajradio =) shout out to
i lovex3 tht sonq serious by :)
at this function its whatever right now... lowball irritated. but these drinks keep comin my way!! :)
baack from the movies ! saw the bounty hunter again :) sooo good
good night muah! hope you have a great weekend :) love u adn all u do for us! xoxoxoxoxo
..... or wasted :)
you're welcome! thanks for asking me to! :)
do ur lucky 1,000!!! bcuz these ppl want a follow!! :d
happy easter :) left to right: sherri's teacher, a random, gaga, chezza cole
follow for follow? :)
too tired to do #ff but i wanna thank allll of you who #ff'd me... :) i promise to make it up to you next friday!! promise! i'm so behind!
that shirt is circa 1985 =)
lol, wats up :)
i love you and all i want is for you to follow me, becuase youu are amazing and my role model :) love you <3
hahahahhahahahaha! that was funny! i preferrooster instead of chicken! =)
she followed us too! :)
#nowplaying baby justin bieber :)
ok eveytime i'm on imma hit you. deal ? : ) <--luv dat deal. =) u good mamaz?
finna workout widt in my ears , she's my motivation for everything :)
ahah good good :)
yay! 6pm :)
haha oh man jon. ur just sooo funny! good night babe :)
hahahah yesss :) that guy is hilarious,
wooo thats so awesome that just made my night :d thanks !
katanya sih ceritanya standart be, r.o.o.t fams!! bsk kita ntn yook di ps! ntn clash of the titan!! ping me guys!! :d
he is a sweetie! :-) i heart oye! #thatisall
hey jasmine, you are awesome! hope to hear more great songs from you! :) you should come to malaysia, we can hangout. haha!
:) team
nope, im a cancer :)
spamping,i hate it,well im just gonna say,i support u 100% and i love u,ur so gourgeous! lol :)
oooh for once u r speechless.. *pats himself on the back* :) :) :) :) :)
okay, i'm bored now! ;( so i'm watching kca's! =)
nicky i want to do a feature on you for my humanitarian blog! follow so i can dm you! :) hope your friday is going well!
wow hey, so left eye on the rugby &right on the 2oceans :)
if you pay me enough, i can. :)
hey, how are you? :)
i told you he's superman :d when he did my corner i was like wow your amazing :d ahh go go hurry ! he's probably waiting sad!
if you love justin oldies :) ( one time, favorite girl, love me ) (:
too cute :) lol
"check em off" :) !!
when my studio is up you and can help me test it :)
so tired from all that walking. disney tomorrow. =)
need to go pray then go to sleep, sleep well :)
say hey 2 me :d
asiik udah boleh plg ke rumah hari ini sm baby a :)
lol :) come and i'll show.
ah well i have to get to bed, its 1:30 here! lol nice talking to you :) night <3
what's on the menu? :)
i think ur secretly online and stalkin our tweets :)
me too! me love beaches more. it's warm and its got water and sands and sun :d
where my ole dude at?<<imma kill dat bitch!!...no ikid ikid <-- haha =)
i can live with 0700. mine used to wake at 0530 which is just wrong :)
and the curtain is fully up, till tomorrow morning :-) #twitpict
i thought you were one of my haters :d
yups :) had holiday yesterday :p
if anybody coming to our shows on this tour would like to bring me a book to read i would be very grateful. :) thank you
the same reason i'm awake after only having gotten five hours of sleep last night. :d
thx luv!!! =)
q:jack, what a lovely name :)lol, jack in the box.hahaha :) x... a:haha thanks :)
haha i wasz just blastinq tht sonq :)
as a family we bring our own bags whenever possible :-)
night jon boy! :)
go on youtube and put joe jonas twatter :)
goodnight my hushka lil bunnies love you guys follow us pls & #chelseanators :)
no prob :)
so whowan jones, js for fun :)
hi boo :) <-- hey lil lady
ok..just watched that video. that's some funny shit! bwahahaa! good night jon! =)
pls follow me back :d
aaaaaahhhhh!!!! you are rad! :d
nope, i like tjs , i can trust that its all organic :) although i usually buy the milk at walmart cuz its cheaper:)
that made me laugh my ass off.. in my favorites now. :)
twitter blog? :) ...im gonna be blogging about the journey-mostly to keep myself accountable!
our gateway's internet link is down, some update delays. apologize for our sucky service as correctly pointed out by :)
so true! perspective! :) do not stay attached to your successes or failures. each will come & go. enjoy the ride! #tdl
#pickone atau gue si makanya cepetan di follow oke okeeee :)
ahh... looking forward to the rain... =)
awww, want me to kiss it and make it better? :)
happy birthday sweetie!! have a great bday!! its my bday yallllll!!!!!!! :)
i'm goody :) see ur enjoying life » u already know! go to! ;)
is nick jonas suppose to fill that empty blank? :)
and its 1:30..im going to sleep..goodnight :)
uh ohhhhhh i'm off work and playing now :)
hey girl hey :)
if the british had won, you'd be educated enough to know. ^_^
what a friday! :)
hey i'm watching your girl show.. she is so funny, cutest laugh ever :-)
really? lol me,too. the video for that song is awesome. :)
night jonny boy :d
who likess my new background? :) <<yummy, #loveit.(:
prove it :-) i swear i got the mean deep throat
my day wass goood :) , yours ?
you nasty..good night freak :)
i'm in for the nnight :) talk to me loves :)
gummorn :)
dirty!!!!! nigh :)
lol well its really serious lol i love it :)
knighty knight jon! thanx for entertaining on this friday night! hope you have a great saturday! :)
foursquare = when you need tweeps for resbak. :)
you can taste my rainbow like skittles :)
check friendorfollow.com :) they show who you're following, isn't following back.
me :) if you want me to follow you.
thanks i appreciate it! =) hope you're having a good night!
finally made me a new myspace, i luv my page anyways wats up tweeples ? :)
i have attempted the quiz myself..its working fine. just use the links given by me. :)
guys don't spam ! pleasee :d
goodnight. xoxo. <33youuu :) sixflags in the morn :) -giaaaa
happy birthday young lady! if it was up to my daughter i'd pay for the reception and you the rehearsal dinner! :)
#hater next!---do me a favor? stfu and sit down hun? thanks :) lol
sooooo this icebreaker has not broken any ice lmaooooo !! good try :)
same iphone 3gs i got mine for my birthday haha =)
anytime, friend!!! come on over!! :)
awww :/ well at least u will c it :)
if goes online now and reply me it would be a blast.. dreams do come true right? :)
not kind, it's the truth, that was enchanting :) i'm good, and you sweetie?
but ! i could always delete some less important episodes so that it's 2mb and okay to upload on megaupload ? :)
snarkalicious so delicious. (i don't actually know what that word means). :-)
sj please!:drt waiting for shinee's facts and sj facts,ok? :)
waw!!! i think gaga's gona struggle rolling down a hill in a normal manner. hehe, how awesome :)
bout to open this vodka!! :)
they rock :)
who's gonna come chill with me? ill sing to you! :-)
ah yeah :)
#followsaturday :d
follow mee? :)
follow now ~~~~> :d
nah.... going with sleep for this one. sleep makes *everything* better :)
roscoe dash is a lil cutie in person =) u choosin huh
same here...'in'..but wud be nice if in powai :)
retweet if you know rap and you nice :)
lmfao i knew it!! but okay ill do it :)
good night girl! have some yummy donnie dreams!!! :)
i introduced ghost adventures to my graveyard shift co-workers..now we have friday ritual: ga at midnite! 3 new soldiers! :d
did you cross over too!?! hehehe : )
pepe, you were the wild one. thank you for all the times you stuck up for me for me when i was a big ass chicken. you ruled feru-lize. :-)
you know i will :)
i dub slytherin and hufflepuff! yes- i am the official sorting hat of the playboy mansion =)
aw c'mon girl! you can help me anytime :-)
aww! jealous! have a fun night! :) headed out for the night. a night that and
hahahha good one :d
niiicce ** voice ** :) lol thanks, wussup miss?
us 2! sharing is caring :)
how an average guy can get a hot sexxy babe!!!! it's not a secret. a must read :)
having an ahhhmazing sushi dinner with tahani, then off to da club..... its a celebration bitches! :)
better late than never!! have a great soccer filled weekend : )
that's good :) long time no talk, eh? (did i just say eh...oh no...)
haha..ur late then. :p just attempted the quiz myself..its working fine. :)
randomly got 3 followers without a shout out?...i'm cool with that :)
then let the luck shine down ^_^
thank you :)
here now tho :)
deleting aims and taking new ones; hmu if you think youre important :)
aww! thanks for the support! :) i'm gonna set the dvr so i don't miss it! gotta support my fellow spartan!
ily 2 : )
yuup :) it's a type of indian music
#np tonight i'm yours*lil zane & tank (my night time lullaby).... :-)
he's there! someone else has confirmed sighting moments ago =)
i know! my skype is acting weird -_-' if i'm not busy tomorrow i'll see if we could do a skype call :d
just dyed easter eggs :) my fingers are all blue and green hahah
nite :)
i twove u moreeeee :)
im just unfollowing people who arent following back :) dont worry.
ur a really good singer! :)
thoroughly exhausted after friday ferox. great night, so many people they couldn't all get in. guess we'll do it again in a bigger venue. :)
yeah true they did come first, but there's no way theyre better than justin! lol i love jbiebs but jb is his also :)
thanks, chloe! i'm pretty excited. :)
now you have :) love you.
thank you so much for #ff :-)
thx guys :)
praise god for the great attendance in cf & approval for the treasure hunt event! believing it'll be great! go smkss17 cf! :)
buon giorno! just woke up after quite some laps of #uglybetty's dvds teehee :)
hi bunny! really like your blog! how do i follow it? didn't see a follow button :( my blog is :d
retweet if u want a shoutout :)
can you guys tweet us fancy letters?? haha ya kno like those cool symbols and letters?? :d
i saw on the news there is some flooding out east.glad it's not you.i know the sunlight is a powerful influence on our mood :)
อ่านหนังสือของ@kalamare: strong woman! i like it :-) //อ้าว!!ไม่ได้เซ็นให้อะ: going to buy it today !
home now. ears are still ringing. go away! k goodnight :)
...eat no breakfast or lunch, and either eat dinner or scraps of food ? :)
i think should follow her fans!!! :d would be amazing if she did!! :d
hey nice meeting you last night! i hope i didn&apos;t make a fool out of myself :)
*toasts you* i have grand marnier =)
loving my fame family! :)
back from my lil walk :) this song is nuts -- thanks for blessing me babe
lol...what? more luck? :)
i do who likess my new background? :)
jump down any of them. will take a snap. :p
but who's gonna change dp afterwards? :d
cool! hope can bring it back to life so it can beat me playing chess like in the "good old times" in high school =)
:d
lmao i am getting hungry now too, but i can't have any pie so it will all be for you. =)
who likess my new background? :) <<yummy, #loveit.(:
thanks :d
hehe, ler a dm's :d
looking at the acura mdx :) in love with it!
just showed it to me :)
right on sistah! :) hugs from sd... going to sleep now, which definitely means you should too! :)
less than 10hours to vote for your top 3 favourite artistes at anugerahitz.sg! go and vote!!! :)
im from boston right now & i just dont like it here the cold the snow everything lol florida is my dream :)
