i know its sooo refreshing ! :)
ok. maybe not. jerry would murder him. :)
will do! catch up soon :)
lol, sticking your face in the freezer works to immediately stop the onion tears too. :d
djmkue thanks for hitting me up about the "text" (love love love love!!! keep playing!)-- thenks :-)
i loved it twitt fam! :)
mention me, i'll give u shoutie :d
yeaaaa! and i love that humble fumble u just did! niceeeeeee =) im tryna freestyle but =/ its hard
thats right! im
with her! :d typical mangy mutt!!its ok i got my coven with me,you dont stand a chance!
ima stay positive like i be telling << good :)
thanks babe :) oooh i always wanted to say i like the new default ;)
moving into the pool house. sweet. :)
great smile. hope you are having good weather and enjoying it? miss you my friend. : )
then again it's probably no secret that a lot of drummers secretly want to be frontwomen. :)
i love monster by :d and i love cookies a lot
rock on. looks like i can take my wife to try and convince her. :)
so do my 736 followers :)
yeaah, we definately have bipolar weather here ! lolol. waait , where do you live in la? :)
happy birrfday dude, hope it's a good one :)
when will you follow me?! :d haha
lol. that's exactly what i needed now :)
we had the same prob on the other side of town. but our 3 produced 98% of our eggs! get good layers :)
aqui están :) and the shot o’ clock
of course she can! she looks amazing in anything :)
goodnight world :)
omg. i gotta watch it. :d ive seen the previews. there soo good. lol.
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
jasmine, i guess is not a poser.. she did tell ppl that shes not u before u notice her.. :)
i got that shit sent to me! i'm so tired i'm passin out..i get to see u tomorrow : ) yay ill tty on (cont)
good to hear! :) you'll take good care of him! ((hugs))
hahaha ur so fraking funny with the hater things :d i like ur personality:)
thankyou for following me it really made my night :d im smiling right now!
going to try to make a new background soon :)
thanks ur awesome :)
we goin out! :)
golfing, amores, repo men.. solid day :)
seriously? awee thank you :)
wby means by the way :d
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
hey whats up! follow for follow? :)
im watchin your vids. ugh :) youre veryamazing, i love watching them over and over again not gonna lie
no problem :)
at first fridays...dance people!! :)
that's a compliment :)
good thinking. platinum is far better sounding than boring grey. i'll adopt that in future :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
haha don't knock it till u try it =) ...
going to bed now good night! :)
good night, have funn with the easter egg hunt and the cookout later on today. :)
its gettin hott in here :) (bbm whipes forehead face)
welcoming into the twitterland :)
thanks :d
who likes th new background? its in color now :d
totessssssss finished all my holiday essays.
what a shredder :)
please reply to me :) haha
then that man is a very lucky guy :)
ummm no i dont think so :)
if you want me to ask kellie pickler to follow you :)
thanks for following me tho =)
okay guys :) i have this app called voices. i want to share it with you. i hope you laugh. (cont)
woohooo...back down to 128 :) looks like all my hard work is paying off! yessss
please help me! :d that would mean a lot please! <33
follow you wont regret it<3. :d
still working my way thru broken embraces, due 2 pausing 4 this & that. thoroughly enjoying. getting used to almodovar's directing style. :)
how is denial island these days? :)
you're lucky has answered u. i'm his biggest fan, n i hope one day i get it 2. haha! congrats :)
its all about taking the first step, the rest follows :)
u don't owe me notthiin! lol. glad i seen u tooo :) let's get together soon (next weekend?!)
ur my 500th follower :) i should do something special for u
hey follow me ??? asked why did you blocked her , she didnt claimed that she is you :) follow me rather :)
<-- comment please : )
first ten people to tweet me they followed gets on a list of tweoples ryan/jb need to follow and dm :) go! :)
yesssss plssss.. :) do yall wanna know some more facts tonight or no?
gotcha, and web sites aren't always accurate with info like that, so bound to be different answers. :) happy easter!
lol like you thought i thought of you because of the naked part? lol the naked bike guy was a kiwi :)
いやー、失礼しました(恥)。 爽やかな笑顔が6pics.... :)
thank you. :d
chillin , ! free to chat :)
it was fun. :) spinny schnappies funzies :-d i couldn't type well xd
can i rub em i love hip hop :-)
dude, are you kidding? im livestreaming it haha!! come along for the fun =) www.talknerdytomelover.com right hand navigation
mayo choc cake?! sounds gross, but intriguing :)
goodmorning turkey :d
chequen este reportaje de chicharo en nyt <----- chicharito en el new york times! :-)
goooooood to know! :)
#ff everyone i'm following. i follow them for a reason, they're entertaining. :)
what u talkin bout willis?----ima divorce u as my bro!!!!<-why why? : )
have fun watching the movie :) goodnight!
i'm living vicariously through this year. :)
he does! josh often can't wait. :-)
i get cha :) makes sense
just tweeting, you? lol :)
im in love with profile pic on twitter = ) lol -- lol thank you ^_^
same to you sally :)
good night everyone..heading to apple store early tomorrow. hubby's getting an ipad :)
jonathan ross has a great show tonight :)
night people :)
playing board games with friends. i love board games :)
thought you might like that :)
ha. i've never watched the video but i think im gonna watch it soon :)
going to bed. got to get up early to finish up last minute packing. night y'all! :)
dm your addresses to me and i'll send a postcard to you both next week! :d
yihaaa... famili's on tweety!! yuhuuuu... follow²an tuuuuhh.. :d
ahhh so cute kids :)
we are finally going to be doing the giveaway of the autograph shawn sent me a few months ago too!! :)
have you read the no cry sleep solution? its a gentle sleep book--no cio! great book :)
yesssssssss ! omg. you'll love itttttt :d
i hate netball i hate their smiley face and little circle hugs at the end of the game. #sportiswar :)
who would want to donate $75 dollars for this really awesome theme i want for pas :d
i love em! :)
ahhhh bout 2 go 2 my homegirls cuzzos crib! hot-tub baybie! lol this should be fun :-)
usually go for brunettes. not this time (apparent mistake). haha. i'll correct course next time. :)
ahha i love that *poppington* & nothing in this dumbass formspring :) wbu barbz??
nice! lol :)
with some gasoline!!!!! lol lmaoo lite her ass up flame torch that bitch :)
and a mother, too. oh double fun! #ironyofage you're gonna be grannie soon :)
cómo irá a ser el tuyo!? :-) now dream... and have lots of fun!! luego, hacelo! ;-)
mmk i tried... but im tired ill try again tomorrow! :) goodnight #vote4gloriana www.voteacm.com
*hugs tightly* its off now think of sumthing good like rob... :)
my freebsd virtual machine looking a bit... spartan? :d #thisissparta #badpuns
haha!! nice!!!! :)
good advice! thanks :-)
#freakyfactsays king edward vii, had a custom chair built so he could have sex w/ 2 or more prostitutes.--- :)
people keep asking for my facebook... here it is. add me :)
haha no i kno what the blanks are :)
oh my gosh!! i was totally thinking jj for that exact reason earlier!! haha :)
congratulations!today is your day.you’re off to great places!-dr.seuss' 'oh the places u'll go'.u can read it here :)
right? not mine btw. just spreading the love. :)
goodnight!|«---nite :)
yeah it's raining a bit- the garden is flourishing! :)
he sounds like a great guy. give him a gold star for me :)
shoutout to my 240th follower :)
aww snoookie snoookie im excited : ) lol
hes answering tweets/ singing requests / giving shout outs :)
loving the new dp btw ^_^ you're so purettyy
im kidding , i love you ^_^
#tedxmumbai is so entertaining and still drives a point. he's a showman in his own right :) thanks for bringing him
i like your default!!! :)
goodnight! have fun at work! :)
enjoying no phone? everyone might not realize how huge that is from you. glad you're having a great time! :)
this is both my personal and formspring :)
how are you? :)
awww, my puppy is asleep on my lap! :) i can't move. lmao.
wihi thanks followed yaa :) follow back dong hehe :p
follow for all the updates. andrews accunt is but he cant use that till after idol :)
aww thx!!! ♥ ♥ ♥ :) ohh shiizz, i loved for his singing, but homie ain't bad at rap! ♥
ok its done . im #offthis twitter :d
im not afraid of you scorpios :)
allergies suck never had em til i moved here but these eyedrops feel so amazing i'm sure its what it'd feel like if eyeballs had eyegasms :)
so sleepy.... up early tomorrow for :) fresh sheets on bed clean face and the new instyle in my hand
at a salon with my mom :)
yes! thanks! :)
i can't stop playing plants vs zombies. it's soooo addicting! :d
damn #shoutout 2 whoever got my 1500 tweet lol i wasn't even payen attention :)
new giveaway posted! watch for the winner of the wool dryer balls to be posted tomorrow! :)
20th bday surprises...i wish everday is my bdaaay :)
lol :)
yawn dis music is puttin me t2 bedddd :)
oh i'm totally craving a big pretzel with butter...yum! :d
good morning e buon caffe a te :)
that is a very cute photo :) miss you too! and i have become very good friends now :) coming out to la anytime soon?
alright mother, you tell me the same shit nonstop everyday!! umh #juststfu :) you annoy me.. badd!
thank god to that quote! :)
have a great weekend! :)
making new friends is awesome, especially when they play paul beribeau covers. :)
i gotchu back love =)
hey good morning! :)
no prob =) beliebers alwayz get followed xd
your not camping out for the ipad. :)
yep weather was good and so has been the company :)
i think there is a market for a new app :d
hanging out w at amine matsuri waiting to go on =) 1 am
jasmine, i guess is not a poser. she did tell ppl that shes not u before u notice her, read her bio :)
i just made your day! :) now don't go crazy!
*lol thank you :)
lmao indeed :) sup babe
hmm, yet another place it seems i need more education. i only recognize miyazaki out of those. i grew up w totoro :d
i'm cooking that recipe you posted the other day!! cheesy baked pasta with spinach and artichokes! :)
im druink too sexy =) i drunk a whoe pint of tequila =)
feel your pain! you'll get yours soon enough :-)
ill be right back babies :)
hey! there's a lot of classical music that is great for driving, not to mention it puts your brain in order. it's how i roll :-)
i had it in a jar and i said 'want me to throw it' she said 'yes' :o so i did it for her :)
yessss! please get new to 2,100 :) xxx
and what is the roi for bcci? :-)
she is the cutest thing up that tree! my how quickly they grow up! :-)
was watching a movie with bf and i missed it! i'm sure it was amazing! i need to find a recording. :)
i just screamed sooo loud :d ahaha ! i went crazy sorry.
oh damn! if you think of it, let me know :)
i miss youuuuu. june will be epic. :)
i'm happy.. if your man had what i got, you would be smiling too.. :-)
how does a rabbit represents jesus for one day ? no disrespect for anyone :) im jw ;p
good morning :d
follow get her 10 new followers & i will help another person lol :d
thanks sweetie. ur lookin pretty hot urself. :) miss ya. hope things r going good 4 u.
oh but gimp is a great graphic program! there are a lot of resources for gimp :)
night! :d
#thankyoukelliep :)
awesome :) ps. how excited am i to be a fictionator for a month? here's a hint :very.
i need a #wife : ) <= -___- #kickbricks w| that wanna cuff shit. get off my timeline, lmaao
