answer to what? the rejection? no, the app is available as is, enough functionality in there :)
haha i do my best to entertain . :)
very happy right now :)
.. thats dewi sandraaaa's song vyynn :)
fun! :) great game! won a signed langkow jersey at flames central! thanks and
i will! :) and i think they use wristbands some nights and cards other night? no idea.
excited about the twitter hunt #thth? still one more sleep i'm afraid :-)
you are free to be cranky! ok here :)
and feel free to follow me on my blogworld twitter :)
morning :) rt: morning all! :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
really slow start to the weekend.. perfect lazy morning with tea at 11am!! :)
hahaha shes a good singer :)
i just turned 20 : )
i live in the usa :d
15 for 15? :)
yeah you're the only one who didnt ask for help yet told me i was nice & thanked me haha :d
check out my music video at :)
bring ur own fork! sum1 is cooking bacon in my condos. i'm abt 2 go door knocking. w/ a fork // i'll come along! :d
wait until you can send tweets from your pot plants! oh wait, you already can :d
yeaaaaaa take care of my baby!!! mike!!!!! :)
actually price was more for othgers, cos i've only gotten #apple as a gift :d
lol nice to meet you too.. make sure you keep in touch =)
that's cute :d
... #imjustsayin the #boyshorts make the #kitty.kat look #fat =) & the #thong make the #ass perfect.. it's a #ca
lol yes..i like baby too :d
paris: haha, that is mango. and the black one is spencer's. his name is nightmare =)
yeah! i remember :)
paid bills, saw clash of the titians, outback togo, quick cash at blvd :)
come and talk ^_^
my summa luv is so gorgeous....ugh i heart her :)
luv yall!!! (awww beez) : ) your bein nice! lol
i'm so happy you crack me up & that the wayans gene contains so damn much wisdom in humor! : )
lol thanks =)
it's "couchdb" :d
yop :) lets do it
follow my other account please! <33 :) (:
ahhh miss you alyssa :)
yeahh! lol i like logic. its just hard to keep up w/ all those programs! learning them!! grr :)
it would be so amazing to have jen on twitter! she is an idol to so many people..#jenontwitter :) thanks leigh for sharing!
thats it; i dont wanna follow anymore people .. :)
how you doin? :)
definitely ! hey you were recalling me with food. that was fun... yeahh i like food =)
... miserable person, sorry to say. take it in stride. i don't know the whole situation, but take no b.s. & try to enjoy. :)
if you know you will never get rid of the bieber fever :)
okay. :)
you're welcome :d i wish i could be the middle child! i'm the oldest, i have three younger brothers braden, justin & callen
#nowfollowing he's fucking cute. :)
omg i luv you guys on my way to :)
:) i love you moreee :)
if you know you will never get rid of the bieber fever :)
:) ur welcome...i thank you too for following me :)
i know you didn't ask me, but my fave verse is proverbs 3:5-6 :) and the other verse goes on to say that he makes them lie
mi guerito esta cansando so i tweet... tweet, tweet =) mi guerito esta cansado so i tweet... anyone wanna share my cabernet? lol
heheh this is what i must do to have weekends off =)
ah...true enough! :)
my mom the 1 who told me we shldnt eat meat today ate beef smh lol oh well least i stayed true 2 my word didn't :) goodnight :*
good night, girlz. sweet gokey okie dreams :)
thanks!!!!! :d
finally out of work and in dear need of a beer! blue moon anyone?! :d
nap time. :d this whole having been up since 5am ain't working for me. :d aww it's pretty out, tho. :( not that i can go out, anyway.
follow and now! i know you can see this tweet. i am not gonna stop till they reach their goals :) follow both
working on "inn from the cold?" what's that? i did a half day of work today, being the long weekend and all. :-)
i love my picklerwood background :d
come here now :) house across the street is emptyy and it has a pool!! :d
it makes me feel special, so i'm totally ok with it :) goodnight lovely! <3
i loveeeee u toooo widt ur lugggg assss :)
thanks for the rtl!! =)
let's start in like 5 minutes, after i'm done helping someone :)
i miss zoey101. :)
i love it when your rapping :)
could u please refollow me? :)
you need to be in a movie, now that would be amazing :)
bahahha good question :)
i have much to do today :) would have loved to sleep much longer ^^
i hope it brings u a little smile after seeing what i sent u on bbm :)
anyone on? :)
me i am signing in to youtube right now 2 c it :)
thank you most sincerely for that #ff compliment :)
responded. wow! :) :)
that proves it, you should have been stealing mine... after all, i send the best deforestation tweets around :d
if you know you will never get rid of the bieber fever :)
omgoodness! haha how did it go?? :) i hope you looked flawless,and rocked it out :)
feed your dog for a year for free :) :: dog lovers :: care2 groups: feed your dog for a year for free :). a discus...
yuuupp i know =p love ya too :d
im really keen on getting to 1900 today :) please help me get there
because pizza is just cool like that :d
lol! oh aite since he was giving hi/5s at 8 months i think he's gonna be a natural on the camera :)
welcome. i think :) i've dealt with worse, cant get any worse :) good night dear, thanks for all you do..
style :d hahahahaha hope you notice me jv follow me :)
brb going to reboot to see if that corrects a problem.. :)
follow please :)
ayeee, follow please? she's a crazy bitch, but i still love her. mhms, so follow :)
why the hell do i look bo legged lol; :o idc though cauase im still cute :)
#selenagomez and #jonasbrothers is the best .. selena + jonas + concierto = un ataque al corazon :)
happy anniversary #greatestcouple lol--awww thanks bestest :-)
...this chart is awesomely insane. cannot wait to play this tomorrow. :d here's a video link:
i love you moreee :)
april 18th! :d are you guys planning to come!? that weekend's gonna be insane lol
i've signed :) i also posted it on my website as well to spread the word.
me likey :d rt: btw by hot chicks u mean vendhu ponadhu coz of the summer heat :p
guess who has 2 b work 5am... :)
i made my twitter before :)
oh okay :d for me it's 8am now :) i'm going to starbucks and shopping with today.. omg i'm still jealous!
lol sometimes, i tweet them to follow :) so like that!
long day but a fun end :)
well i guess it wouldn't of been funny if i had of got on the wrong one :) x
:) thanx!
this woman name bianca was #myfirstlove -awww :)
paris: i have a lot! i really like 'shorts'. prince: i'd have to say... i don't know. i can't really decide. hahah :)
cocos w/@lootylove sipping on some bomb dessert drinks. =)
lol. thanks :) #shoutout2dagirlz that look like this =>
hear it purr…here kitty kitty…  :)
ufff demasiado esa song t love it :) #escuchando jason mraz- im yours
always welcome hunnybee :) thank u kak for the ff (:
thank u for being my japanese eyes, literally :) love your sakura pics! really gorgeous!!! it must be breath-taking over thr
goodnight :) <33
...and i'm so sure is going to slaughter me for this so i'm gone :) #waytohumble
yep,,penis welfare won me over..now i don't know what i would do without my princess :)
sober a club whaaaat go head andrea :) <<- you go girl, lol! #wapale
d'oh now i'm craving pizza... oh wait! i'm in montreal. just cross the street. :)
@youngshay i like yhur song pretty girl swag. it goes hard:) << thank you!! :)
trick question, there can't be too many domain names :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
lmao dang i eat strawberries that most in the summer with some whipped cream ^_^
hey hey hey daddiie :-)
ya me too :) feel extremely blessed by jpcc workers gathering 2010, i love my super funky church. "love u more and more father"
im kicking high & wired to a 2/20 :) lol! fixing to hit the bed!!! how are you
you've taken flamingo's 2 a higher level by #rt 'g about them. ~ c the beauty & take time 2 enjoy it. :)
ok goodnight again lol. ps this ice cream is amazingggggggg shitttt :)
sooo tired, spent the night scrapbooking, got lots done :d
good catching up with you and the girls! manish is always an amazing host! see ya :)
of course :)
#nowplaying what a girl wants by b2k :)
the sausage dog came to wake me up for his breakfast. love the way he runs around in circles when he gets excited. :)
it doesn't have miley life :d
hahaha thank you! :d
im going to sleep ! i can't keep my eyes open :p goodnight #beliebers & #jasminators :) love you <3
ya i had the triangle and armbar pretty tight... oh well... its how i do in the ufc that matters and i feel very blessed. =)
awww thnx =) n yesss i used 2 b obsessssssed with him! no joke!
so i made a youtube vid wit &dis #random white lady commented&said she loves how i keep it real...dat made me happy..crossin iva :-)
go follow>> <<now please :)
pehlipehli #chai hai funny thing i don't drink tea :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
yeah but hey nathan knows alex is here too :) just gotta let him know about the name change
sadly probably isn't when you're sitting in the class, though :-)
o____o your twitcon :)
awe babes! sorry ur so busy, but that's great i'm sure!! enjoy ur shower. miss ya :)
sure thing!! :-)
this is true. :d
hehe lol, heey whats up?? :)
thanks! :) when i get a better pic ill show you. haha.
followed yaaa :d followed follow back please :)
lmao did i offend yu dear??? :)
it's great meeting you. :) and no need to spy. thanks. poetic musings? smh. ;)
so happy for you but so jealous! :) lol did ya ask when he's coming back to denver?! ;)
goin to start making my and tribute :)
refollowed :) can you help me get 20 more followers? god bless you!
i just said i hear you lol...see...you makin shit difficult :-)
lmao! i effin love you =) life is good and i'm feeling good!* aww bob love u more & its ok lol
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
goodnight! love you all! i'm so thankful. :) sweet dreams. <3
yep i'm in a hotel along the boardwalk :)
wooow, thats awesome! happy birthdayy! <3 :)
hey, that's exciting! :d a cute pic!
yes you owe me!!!! lol =)
i love switzerland. :)
we culd share haha :) and then walk it off then go bk for a mcflurry with mm's and oreos lol
thanks joshy! now i feel as though i were there :) see ya tonight.
awww :) thts so sweet
keep retweeting my last tweet if you want 20 followers ! <3 ill be picking a winner in 5 minutes :d
i go about things the right way :)
hello fantastic ppl :-) (cont)
surre :)
im a bad lazy fuckin girl , i mean really bad xd im not going to my school to day! xd yeaaahhh!!! going to rts :d
i made my twitter before :)
lol yeah :d
hmmm :) #taurus also needs someone who’s willing to stand on principle and prevent taurus from getting stuck in a rut.
you too. i'm zaneology everywhere. :)
just read ur post..connection is ok now. i was born here too. :)
hope this food is done =) im hungry
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
happy birthday :)
mmmh, you could say that. :d
happy birthday! thank u for being the best mamma eva! :) lol!hope u had a nice day! :)
awww miss ya too hun :) talk to me any time ya want! <3
awww thankk youu :)
awesome avatar. i made something similar in origami a few years ago. :)
siang :) mett ciank...@thalitalatief
already got one!!! thanks :)
you say that as if there's such a thing as too much caffeine. :d
ahhh, i miss you tooo! :)
lol. you should be in pro hockey. :d <lmao i know right i can be a canadian superstar lol
amazing night with my boy and grandma :) watching one more episode of ghost adventures then hitting the hay.
follow her now! :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
lol hahaha :) im just tweeting sitting youtobeing eating and many moreeee ur?
ohhhh. sounds interesting. have fun! :)
that just means i didn't toss all of my v-necks around the room looking for one to wear tonight =)
bahahahaha :d oww c'mon follow me jasmine :) in #serious :)
