wiw, sipsiprt kalo summer udah , so sweeet :) novel nya : "summer in seoul" "refrain" dan "de journal"
thanks :) and ur welcome <3
pleasee follow me :d xx
haha xd you're so cute! got your email ^^ hihihihihi :d
yea.. so you know about the promise ring i assume. :d
ajay, anil a team? plz :)
nm just listenin music :) wbu?
srk hrithik get pally! plz :)
thank you for writing "yesternight." so how was your frinight? exciting? :)
lol fuckkk . were all drunk ! tell yur baddassss gf i said hiiiiiii ! :d lol
3 more weeks until the show!!! =)
lol i just saw u retweeted that! :)
awww cute :-)
loool, didn't think of that... fitting for #maniachi though!!!! have a super weekend and happy easter :-)
ova 2mill views n less n than a month lets mk the sales look like this !!!! :d
hello....good morning! :-)
#ff for the terrific sports information.. and the very cool fashion by :)
absolutely..happy music. not like all this modern slit your wrists type stuff :)
cheers for the heads up dear :)
#tedxmumbai is fun. met some interesting folks and users of deskaway. :-)
lol thanx :)
im gonna call you tomorrow :d wait, is that your real number?
follow--->@onlyjbiebergirl now!! :)
do u remember me? its me jblove_x3 :d i changed my name ^^
my goal is 555 if you could help? :) x
good 4 u. yalla, pipi au lit. today was a good 'learning' day, built my own android app :-)
hot and out of breath dancing :)
look -> ! she has the same icon with me :d so you guys should follow her too! and i'll listed u 25 times! just ask me :d
its my 1 diva mission to change shaving! fed up with the patronising ads im just taking simple #chiconomics to make it real :)
any more tatts? : ) i have one on my shoulder also lucy from peanuts : )
ok gonna go have breakfast. it's like 12.21 in latvia and i still haven't ate :d
send me your mail address again :-)
got my copy of book! should i color the cover or read it first? :)
two hours ago? hope you get it all done :)
ofcourse i will sign it :)
lol i'm dead sittin here reading every single #zodiacfact that cuz she's a #virgo =) like mee yayyy were poppinnnn!
thank you! :)
:)
that hmm... was more powerful than the rt, sir :-)
are you in glasgow :) ?xx
of all the tweeps.. u rock! have fun sweet one :)
watching movies, enjoying with friends, had football n cricket matches with other schools that all :)
uk guys, this is your chance to win #cs5 / cc :-)
i want #jonasbrothers to easster :d
perfect people- what you told :) stefan!! :)
i'd just had a chocolate cake at platters :)
got you there ;) i'm ready, you? :d
great! :d (the familiar one will serve the purpose thanks!!)
udah chicaku syg :) haiii follow blik dong cha : )
its all about the tyres :)
refollow mee? :) if you want.
time :/ but i'm going to get it asll finished for you asap :)
morning!! :d
kak twitter n' fms #cakkanuraga yang asli apa? reply please :)
part of my easter eggs :d haha
my dads making me french toast ^_^
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
you need a filter to apply on grand prix weekends or a powershell script to unfollow and then re-follow sunday night :)
i don't list ppl but i can give you some shouties :d
ahhh delightful. :)
not a problem :-) #ff
there is a submitt button on the lower bar, you can see more instructions there :)
chinas up and on ustream lol come watch meee :)
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
im good thanks :) a little bored! how about you ? x
why? u dun believe the test results? :-)
finally home.. :) ,, whos up?
tired as shit but i'm still not done cleaning . gotta be up in the next 3 hours . me & my baby are spendin' all day together tomorrow . :-)
so was someone else, but it's saturday for sure, boat race day! :)
exams in may second week. this month i enjoy with trips, students day, farewell etc :)
maybe. haven't seen that one anyway. was talking about art in general. :)
today: packing for south-america :)
hey... :) gut und dir?
forget your food and twitter come to my house :) loveyou<3xxx
aww thankyou :d <3
can i make that description into a necklace and wear it? :) xx
its otay. it ws jst to say goodnight :) sweet dreams.
let's trend #501carrotsformal later, 9-11pm kst. join us, and let's make it number one! :)
smh mi babes frass out him nuh waan mi fi leave :)
okay done :) thank you .
morning world. bacon sarnies and big mug of tea courtesy of love that man :-) dd coming out with us looking for a new to us car
would you like one? help yourself :-) maltesers! :)
:p it took five minutes coz i went straight to pigeons and thought 'ooh that looks like a crown'. lucky guess :-)
hey :d i wanna reach 1,400 and i need 26 more but 6 i maybe get alone (: <3
tomorrow 6pm kst we're going to trend #asiaanchovy :d fyi eunhyuk doesn't have twitter!
me too :) you're from the netherlands right?
what's up karol? :)
thanks :)
also, remind me later and i'll show the intro to that thing i told you about. :d
yes definitely :)
i have 4646 followers. ahaha nice number :d
oi, no thanks n all man! cmon! and oh, i'd need an autographed copy by the way! :)
hehe hope so too :)
i hope so....i really hope it does :) thanks sis!
#ff for the terrific sports information.. and the very cool fashion by :)
i enjoy that ppl enjoy my tweets :) ahhhhh
omg thank god! :d he's away :d he was like: good day me: hi... :d:d:d he's like 19 or 17 :d
let me know when and i can sort out a special discount for you and :-)
congrats on nearly finishing your book, lady!!! must be getting butterflies! :)
ty for your kind : )
heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey u....miss me any, or miss me plenty? =)
no problem =)
haha thanks :)
knp? :) waw...
gonna do some #rttime then go for a shower :)
you too :) x
hang in there :)
yes, absolutely. see you for the race! great having f1 loving tweeps! :-)
looks like everybody got their scores posted like mine. i might not have fucked it up after all :)
it seems to be doing the job :) i even see tweets i never used to get with my old app lol
can 5 of my lovely followers please follow go rape her follow button! :)
believe it -wait-for-it- or not :d
if you want, i can be one. :d
lights, camera's, action, show-time < wish me luck...fair starts tomorrow, will be tweeting live from the festival :-)
thankss :)
filling in for jonathan ross. yay! :d
yeaah :d how about 10 for 10?
hey it's emily :) (@bieberteamx)
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
jealous! but even with a suntan, i got you faded on that melanin glow. :-) ...i'm assumming it's daylight where you are.
if you have a severe case of bieber fever and your burnin' up! :)
#grammargandu. at jai hind. yes, know a lot of pretty chicks there! :d at ic ? i have a very fashionable cousin who is weird.
thanks for the #ff happy easter to you all :-)
lol fuckkk . were all drunk ! tell yur baddassss gf i said hiiiiiii ! :d lol-@nelibadass she said hi.
i'm glad to hear that! :)
no problem :d how are youu ?!
holy mackrel! :)
what, tonight? if so, thankyouuu!!! i didn't know, and i really don't want to miss it. i love doctor who :d
bayern, germany :)
q:how are you? lol a:im gggggooooooooooooooooooood, you? :)
0517: #operationipadidiot i finished my coffee. then pissed in the cup. :-)
thts wassup mine too hope u come show luv next week for my girl we gettin wasted.com i got u n the guys =)
tonight was a good night ♥ :)
twatter wishes you sweet nicholas jerry jonas dreams :) hahaha good night corrina :p
o thats a good song well of of his songs r awesome did u get my world 2.0? :) thanks 4 following mw back!! :)
i noticed yesterday that i find it hard to say go with the flow nowadays i always say go with the fro! :d
i heart the sisters, one of their london number hit the boy's biological, whilst fully nunned up. happy days :)
right off out shopping :)
well im off to bed(: thx for makin my night :) everyone check out ep waiting www.thomasfissmusic.com:)
aww how cool :') nothing much, twitter and music. <33 what's new? :d loveyouuuu. <33
mmm chai with milk and honey is the perfect start to my saturday :)
followed :d
i was just talkin 2 my homegirl the other day about this spot called m&m soul food =) lol
im good thankyou :) could you sign we want the old youtube and help spread the word :d
have a great time! :-)
hey jess hope you have a great day (: & realy good weekend :) :) xxx
that's sweet of you :) we will give her some shout outs to get her to 1000 to :)
hey matt! what do you plan on doing there? haha have fun! can't wait for your bday too! :d
your profile pic... :)
online ? :) <3
nite :) goodnight everybody!
i'll have a grape juice from sainsbury's, thank you. :)
i'll be back on monday. :) abis itu gw culik! (ke semarang) *tetep ngasih tau tempat penculikan* hahaha
go to sleeeeep ! :d
#latenighttweets with i hope i fall asleep tweeting her :) just call me #tweetcakedaddy
who said that installing mtj for eclipse is so hard. it works fine :)
jave ban hehe ok thanku yaaa :) ciye bb apa soi? udah gue accept kan? hehehehehe
and you were the one daft enought to set the challenge #corsetboy :)
puchong, selangor :)
idk ive seen some mens boobies that could give mine (& im rather top heavy) a run for their money...haha :)
thank you! hope you have a great weekend too :-)
thank nik huhu goodluck ya dramanya buat dan :)
oke kak :d ginaaaa infolimit kan twitter kak yaaaa thanks before :)
chilli sauce sounds hot :)
no you didn't. i twit less on weekend :) did i miss the twitts?
the 8 best beginner's guides to twitter /via ## 4 all you new ppl 2 twitter :)
hello again , congrats to any winners i've missed :) car passed mot (phew!) and i won some biscuits on mcv's but not had email yet,how long
i wasn't suggesting you had :) i think msn would be to kids what facebook is to me. separate from school
touchdown bout to call it a night 10am rehearsal :) #tired&grateful
goofin off with mango ref cake and some brewskies on an awesome black saturday :)
that's what "community" is about dude :) happy easter!
wiih, okok summer in seoul bgus kok :) novel : "summer in seoul" "refrain" dan "de journal" ada yang
: ) www.frachelli.com has launched! we're giving away a $100 amazon card! follow and to enter
idk why i can`t sleep. smh. < u a vampire :)
whoa, #awesome :d :d :d 5 germans in the top 10... #f1 turning german??? :d
thanks :d
it's not that nice round here today and think it's going to rain. i will also try and watch it somehow :d
ask me anything spam me !! :)
i think you should all go and follow ....... :)
hahaha, thanks :)
i had a wonderful sleep i thought ur brother stood me up but he came looking for me damnnnn tonight we will catch up :)
lol! :p alreadyyyy followin! :d
viet nam loves you :) please come here. it means the world to us. seriously. #vietnamlovesbieber
ayee :d do you wanna chat ?!
damn straight im 's slut tho :d
happy easter everyone :-) xxx
playing with samantha :)
for failsafe, try jamie oliver's roasted pork belly. i have done it for a similar sized crowd and it was brilliant. google it :)
: ) www.frachelli.com has launched! we're giving away a $100 amazon card! follow and to enter
shout out 2 the new followers! how r u today? :)
heyy can u follow for me?i'd follow ya too :)
morning :d the weather in amman is perfect these couple of days :d
omg he's my boyfriend ;d hahart good night :d goodnight everybody!
morning :) grabbing some crumpets for breakfast and being extra english >.< then it's off to town! lol
good night! i'll talk to you later =)
fucking ask me, pervy things.. lmfao.. i mean anything =)
owls are cool too :) the big ones are a bit scary :s i saw the cutest rocking horse one, wanted it sooo bad!!
lol no i'm okay, didn't drink anymore after that one grey goose lol :)
nice to have you among our fans! :)
