chanti yg ini unfollow aja :) follow my other acc
are you still here? i read your tweet wrong i thought you were asking me to tell you...ooooooooops :)
..we can be rather shy about telling people ... ( skin stolen & rest of story) behind computer , feet in water is safe :)
you can come live in the uk if you want and i'll go get your flight to atl? haha. :)
today is birthday! happy birthday, :) all he wants for his birthday functional central heating. ;)
haha, they're my two stepbrothers. and they tell you thank you :d ^^
got to go, for last half an hour i was silent on twitter, was reding n researching a lot. now off fr studies, xams coming. bye. :)
good morning :) how are ya?
and whos yout first??? hummm..i guess i know the answer..i think :-)
great domains for sale!!! look here!: i have a few domains that i am interested in selling. :) <font size="3">> do...
buanyaak..dari travel navigation ampe  protection!awesome and helpful :)
if you follow i will give you a shoutuot + dm justinbieber for you :)
nice start to the day. just received my half yearly royalty cheque and pleasantly surprised by my book sales for the past 6 months! :-)
and thanks :-)
yea what's wrong with the word square? hahah oh i'll help you kill him :d always fun to assist
you're welcome!! i love your icon. the #jonasbrothers are the best! :)
it was nice to b woke up by the sun and not an alarm clock :)
the present stage of plans for today? i'm still cleaning the room. with ''mon envol" through the speakers :d
hey you : )
morrrrrrning :)
wrestling, lol! duke have many kitteh stuff for scrapbook--it's hard for me to catch up! :)
morning world got a busy day today and i'm in pain :( morning :) & aww your still in pain :(
this is true. :) alas, my friday night ended 4 hours ago and i'm already awake. happy saturday.
watching friends and cracking up :) as always!
haha thank you :d
ok! thanks! :)
sorry! just saw this. maprang should be at home by now. pls check with her ja. have a safe trip. :)
thank god for that :)
wrd! so we shld lite it :)
thanks for the #ff 's and ! much appreciated :)
is visiting me right now :d
i bet i can beat you at air hockey at day any time any place!! what you think? haha :) <3
heard it's your birthday... so happy birthday! i hope it's wonderful. :)
satnight with family tonight :d
heading to the airport to see if they'll let me fly out w/ sis & neph instead of waiting til tomorri! :)
i wonder if they can medically induce amnesia for about a wekk lmao ... ah i'm kidding, but seriously can they? :d
good afternoon to you too :) have a awesome weekend too.
if follow i will put you on the list to be followed by justin & christian :d
thanks! it will be ready today, i lost some speed lately but time is full power again :)
awwwww. thankss!! :)
resigning mail with my own certificate fixes the harm dockless did. do not make your mail dockless :)
if u cant stop thinkin about :)
you must teach me how to make my tweets as look cool as your last one :-)
morning :d #jonasbrothers is a great tt to wake up to :p
sure you did. :) haha i wanna have a username with delena in it );
perfect lol #iseeu *tear tear* i see a little me in you :d
thanks brother :) jai hind!
haha thank youuu :p goodnight! :) <3
justin bieber trivia quiz in 10 minutes!! winners get shoutouts (i promise at least 5 followers).. if you're playing :d
aw, thank you it was taken : )
aww you too! :) xoxo
still awake, even though i shouldn't be! :d
oui ça va :) bon week-end pascal !
it must. really. the guy is mental. and i love it! :d btw, army base beerage not happening?
i bet :-) hell if it worked i'd do it ! bah bye storm's ! *pulls down pants*
i'm just watching tv :) i really love your background it's awesome :) did you make it yourself?
sorry about that, refollowed :)
okay tweet me if ur done :)
said stay safe too :) xxxx
i love sending my gf a dirty text and knowing the moment she opens it she's gonna blush like a fool :) hehe.
caycee :d mis you hun x
morning! happy saturday :)
that's great me too, thank you :)
but not justin! i love u! :) i'm sure unfollowed me by accident. so refollow me!
oi nandos-head,my phone wont let me reply on dm but i emailed the people yesterday on how ppl i can take, ill get back to you :)
aww thanks dear :) hugs! i love you ate denise laurel! :d
i have the and trousers but i need that shirt so badly :d
people or a book :)
#oz karen, hounds r not as pictured but the size of horses :) <they're pit bulls/ how did u doctor the photo
you had me wondering there! :-)
taec is everywhere :d
still waiting you! i love you :)
well ssome are getting very annoyed :)
yeah, old news :) will hav 2 c 2 believe! check this nintendo must be shitting themselves.
:) at least there's twitter.
just finished ff13. the ending... meets expectations. :)
7haha kamu? nice to meet you too(?)kelas brp?rt jakarta :)
& then there was sleep ..... zzzzz

note: #april16th we #clubremix for my bday bash!! w/ special guest appearances u dont wanna miss :)
heya, you're up late... still stoked about tonight? :)
you have a blessed easter too!!! :d
aww :) you're so welcome :) <3
yeah, well i took a long nap earlier :) plus i'm now in the mountain time zone so it's not quite as late
p-di good afternoon :) where are u? p-di u tweet to someone at 4th april u shooting and doing event! shooting what? love u!
i don't know how you do it, i'd still be rolling around groaning with a monster hangover, and you wake up all cheery :)
woops looks like rocksins server took a nosedive in my sleep last night! all back now though :)
anyone else wanna be followed? this :)
thank you greatly i send you back a color #ff of my birdhouse :)
shes my favorite actor :) after miley cyrus of course! but she does an amazing job in that movie :) and she isa babe
i'm a great teacher! i deserve both! :)
you're welcome :) i love your display picture btw.
hahaa yeah people often say that to me :) haha and is it weird when i say im a lil bit proud of it :p muhahaa
amazing job at space 120 :) luv ya to death !!!!!!!
i hope you know i favorited that tweet :)
heeyy, is on :) how are u all?
:) there you go..... 20 feet tall....
yep that was it. :)
please 5 my followers go follow >> gogogo i need to get her 5 followers and ill give u huge shoutout, tell me if u do it :)
hungry ^_^ lol
check out my twitter plug in built in flash :)
uhm i need 3 more!!!!!!!!!!! can someone help me???> shoutout for shoutout? solo!! :)
