what are you doing?it's a bit miraculous. :)
imma changee my profilee too :) brb <3
im mad tired. g'night everyone :)
i liked that movie. am i still a guy? :-)
thanks too & your welcome :)
have a lovely easter weekend anna!!! u going to the mansion this weekend? :-) xxx
uh oh and momma is on the floor giggin.... i see you auntie!! :)
who wants to do goal for goal with me? :d
hey! nada.. just about to go to bed. :) sweet dreams and keep in touch!
haha i'm really good thankyou. surprisingly not tired! how are you? :) x
:) if people continue to listen to you, you may be entertaining or enlightening. dont confuse one for the other )
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
unfortunately. but i'm also v gutted to be missing the f1 quali. i can watch the race tomorrow though :-)
yess!! the pole got pole in q1 :)
siang! met siang kka ,, ,, :)
jika tweeple ingin tweetnya otomatis di oleh lagimakan, tweeple tinggal dm ke akun ini.. belom di follow balik? let me know!! :)
who are u meeting?? :d
rt: #infolimit is on limit. this pls :)
yeah comee, then you can see me hun lol its quite nicee. well some of it :)
are you blessing us with your pressence tomorrow? :)
i've got my b-day on 10.10.2010 :d i still can't believe..
i heard that justin got hurt by a fan yesterday . his he okay ? please ! yes he is fine now :) thx!
hehe it's okay. anotehr week or so and i'll be fine. :)
i'm still awake! just sent you a message back :)
shout out ► :)
sorry, lol :) how many times are you going to ask me to follow you? i have been following you! :)
omg another great day with chaske. he is so cute... :)
ooh... interesting qualifying so far :)
godspeed, we're watching from afar :)
i know.. wud u teach me? :)
wattap nom :)
lol yep there is always someone who has to have the latest gadgets :-)
funny like the moon!! :d
of course im going to let you know, im staying with you! :) lol
just getting home. time to talk to my bay until i fall asleep since i woke him up :)
protect ur knees use a kneeler! just you ask yr mum she'll tell you! good luck with diy :)
i've been considering :) but it's all about balance.
i feel hungover even though i had no alcohol yesterday. good night though :)
going to read eclipse out loud. my acting teacher said i gotta read out loud for 10 minutes a day. so why not read eclipse :)
schumacher is in this :) c'mon god you can do it !!!
aww =) loves always there when ya need her
many thanks for the #ff's. buona pasqua a tutti. :)
oo really then happy birthdaay :)
aw haha yeah stupid weather lmao :)
the abbey. off to pick up at end up! had a blast! happy bday :) love u!
one of my friends said when i'm upset! he said just think of miranda to make me feel better! which it does work! :d <33
meee im the funny one...lolrt who feels like talking on thee fone ??? =)
siiaapp brreii.. salam juga buat smua dsana ya brreii.. congrats buat lindya :)
getting my krunk on tonight happy easter :)
congrats on the position. you deserve it. :)
heh, thanks. ^_^
that's good news :) i'm ok and i'm off work until a week on friday, yay!
as i see it, yes :)
thank you sweetheart! :-) i love you very much too! muah!
hey chik :)
might be a good idea to require email when submitting a job. i.e. :)
bye twitter, we will see us in 14 days. wish me fun in russia :)
she must like me forreal... thats cute :)
please come to england!! :d
i didn't think i could publically announce anything about our devious scheme. :)
hey :)
interesting read :) 9 features the ipad has that the iphone does not
me! :d i need 6 more to reach 600<3
wow! thank you for your support and spreading the word. happy knocking :)
the only good thing from this party is that i got to see him. :)
the wordpress is lacking some colours and the blogspot is way too colourful :) bonjorno to you :)
: ) www.frachelli.com has launched! we're giving away a $100 amazon card! follow and to enter
"ajat?" met a junior high friend at campus. it’s a miracle she still remembers my name :)
im fine ... what are u doing ? :d
mientras la paga sea buena primo, why should you stop? además, see the experience and learning from it :)
good job heikki and the team we are now heading for q2 for the first time :)
just walked past a half naked faded hot girl in the hotel hallway welcome 2 dinah shore 2010 :-)
here, i give you some options.. dragon, gon, gono, no, halim, lim.. :)
you will indeeed! :d i'm well up for work today ;) mind you, i still don't know most of the till codes... (a)
im at work dummy not out being a groupie #nowplaying go to sleep, bitch- eminem :)
follow---»»» her now.!!! :)
you're welcome. :)
enjoy ;)♡ rt@iyansiibangor: ngakak lg liat #susterngepot! huaahahaha. . pilm gokil tuuhh #susterngepot =)
aha, thaanks :) i knoow hes gorgeeus ! <3
belated #ff to happy easter! :)
good morning sweetie :)
coool :) it's 9:23am here xd
it's a great morning here, hi guys :) !
who who ... :d
he's following me and i'll send him a dm saying that he has to follow u :) cuzz i like to help other ppl :d
morning mr chegs. happy easter weekend to ya :-)
:)
yees (: followed :)
fun music were going to get it poppin :)
when guys walk next to #theagron, they are automatically her boyfriend. see: adam brody. :)
lol..i didnt know u like baked goods..i bake atleast once a week..so u'll get a chance 2 have some :)
hey :)
mksh:) #followsaturday go follow them and me :d
im re-following ! so tweet us :)
q:yes u definitely can get it :) a:hahah thankss
thank you, will do. you have a good one too :d
pls add my yahoo messenger account ! lhadie_eiram tnx :)
:-) what kind of food do you like? i'm glad you find this amusing.
"ribbon in the sky" by stevie wonder.. such a beautiful song. this will be played when i get married :)
the weather is gorgeous :) xxx
