of course! :)
agreed! i'm going to hang out in line for the fun of it. you meet awesome people too. :)
ok it's my 9,000 tweets :)
once every 4 weeks! i.e. once every month! *baaah* :)
okay good had too make sure :)
shes not gonna sleep if she cant reach 2000! go follow her so that she can rest dude! :) lol ===> ♥
hey this is sorry i replied late but i love the bg thanks so much! it means a lot :)
me to haha! well me only country and :d
thanks yaa :) #followsaturday
wooow! check out the sunshine! :d
goodnight to all my followers =) and i love you guyz so much and hope all ur dreams come true =)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
thanks for the #ff guys...have a good weekend :)
idk, i go through nerd-phases, i'm currently trollin' (not actually trolling) :d
philipphines. :) you?
now following as, keeps tweeting about him :)
waiting for to come to my house so we can discuss and have lunch. u :d ?
how about burning them with scathing wit?or i could sign up as the castle chef it's been said that i can burn water :)
who got you running? :)
haha there one of my fav bands :)
good morning :) on the way to the mall.. bye :) xoxo
so am i. :)
has some interesting finds this week :)
nooo it was cool! it was like a puzzle :)
nice one of fabrizio & his car! :-) i posted 5 photos on facebook in the album "btcc"
ou so much =)
my life my life my life my life :-) when work feels like fun...then it really isn't work!
totally :d and my niley hope definitely increased xd
go follow ~> follow her now! :d
i'm ok :-) alive. the stuff that was lost is just stuff... was very lucky...
abosolutely :d
for the 5th time in an hour lol me and my twitter addiction is going to bed, now goodnight, dammit! lmao :)
chocolate chip pancakes equals a party in my mouth! #thatisall :)
you can take the time out of schumi, you cannot take schumi out of time :d #f1
then wait till 2-3am then hit the bed if they dont show! well dpends on satuday schedule :)
wtf u can add, remove && arrange ur top friends from myspace mobile now.?! #legit putting as my #2 :)
~ thnks for the friends, have a nice day :-)
agreed. a few of the twin guitar bands (slayer, megadeth) would make list i think :) not many though
studio tomorrow! notarobot!
but i wont stop..i just cant :)
#50days in full effect!
/adjiedhana yg fme nya mau di ask please :)
that u can't have the real thing. but thats good that ur being celibate :) stay strong
nope 2nd time, but i absolutely loved these moments, simply superb in these scenes :) :)
hope your not in car #5. the smoking section is yucky :) love japan tho!! u gonna stop in kyoto? my fav!
followed :) followback ya
thanks for the follow sir! nice work w/ your sculpture.. am a fan~ :) thanks ahbie, much appreciated :-)
happy easter celebration wishes : :) #gff
udh aku follback ya gus :)
it's a phone line that runs through the internet :)
deal!! see you tomorrow snickers, eh i mean oka :) :)
goodmorning everyone =)
they are the best :d
ohh ok ! thts whts up :)
you may throw a shavingcreem pie but not these ^_^ nom nomnom i hope can prevent me from eating them before we get there
#didntwannatellyou lies! if you like magdalen graal's music download it 4 free on ww.magdalengraal.com =) #nowplaying mg!
all packed! just packing the car now :)
thanks, i'll get there :) i think i just need a bit of a rest
thank you for the kind recommendations :)
thanks :d follow me n each other-->
right guys. i am off to new york! i'll try to tweet as much as i can! :) miss all my besties already!
melburnian, the time for me to let go of my kindle (international wireless) have come. if you're interested, dm me allright. :-)
just heard 's hanging on by a thread on the radio... but i was a little surprised its more rock....love it :)
wooohoooooo :)
follow me back please? thanks :)
heyy emily :) thankyou :d i'm at somewhere called coleshill now :d i'm only on this train for another (cont)
play that saxaphone ただしさん！！yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees!! :)
not sure, countdown's still going on :d
hahah cool :) so how are you?
:-) #notstartingthehashtagthingyagain
ok, i'm going to take a nap for real this time. i'll tweet you in a few hours :)
thanks super!!! :-) patrol na ulit tonight!!! 6pm!!!
lazy day tomorrow! :) sleep in, watch tv, sleep, tweet, stay in pj's :) eat chocolate! since it is easter tomoz! might talk to my sis.. idk
just came back from a call :)
dreams are free, so free your dreams. ~astrid alauda < so beautiful! :d
hahaha since i was 9! :d
hey temankoeh is on limit now :) be patient
:) i'll be waiting for the ass beating♥
i don't think the church is into "change" very much, let alone the radical kind. :)
#f1 alo mas ham out in q1, that's what happens when you wait for better track conditions in the rain :) #fail #malaysiangp
lol ok! yeah went to port huron it was niiice today :)
shoutout to follooooow :d
meant to do a bunch of #ff's yesterday, but never got round to it, so just follow anyone i'm following: they're (nearly!) all great :)
i'll follow the next who follows : goooo! :d
just make him a sandwich for later :)
it's not bad so far :)
thanks for the #ff so sweet of you :)
i'll follow you back on my other account just let me know :)
i love 's bg ! check it out guys! :d
follow :d
yeah, the last 360 looked intentional to come back on the track. those are some skills under these circumstances! :) #f1
awesome hi karen :-)
i'll follow the next who follows : goooo! :d
lol, according to everyone else you are wrong. jk =) that's what i would think too.
'hated no cell signal' <- is this you, my friend? :) you used to hate phones
yes i do..but it will give me some x-tra ka-ching tho for the future with :)
i'm bored. really bored -.- :d
i'll follow the next who follows : goooo! :d
good morning everyone :)
up + beginning to get ready. today shall be alright like : ) missed
may tv patrol na later! yehey!!! :-)
yeah. i'm going to the mall watch a movie with my bestie today and thats my plan haha :d wbu?
:) hey cute guy in orange swimming trunks, if you're on twitter checking this please follow :)
