i know i got youu :)
huge hangover, on our way to san diego :)
this is dumb hahahahaha :d
// bonus of having graphic designer friends, friends with the owner of a print shop, & not being too proud to ask =)
if you want a shoutout :)
thank you, leo! :)
argh! ok, you win :)
you're fun to follow too! lots of good music :)
q:do you believe in fate? a:yes, sometimes fate is fatal :d
only one :)
just now catching your twitpic. don't tell your brother but dude you are hawt!!! :)
i get home sun afternoon so we'll come sun night. happy easter :)
biltmore wine club shipment coming next week =) soooooo happy! i ordered two extra cases to come w/the club selections...merlot & cabernet
puagey all :d met wik'en! neh buatmu, be fresh :d
ah fair enough :)
haha thats nice :) good luck.
one toke over the line was covered by lawrence welk and the grateful dead. it's the only one :-)
my little neice is so beautiful!!! she fell asleep in my arms... :)
impossible! i'm the mayor round these parts! but enjoy the game anyway :)
to bed ... nitey nite tweety peeps :)
drinking long islands with :)
check out my new avi! :) very nice!!! snow angel #hotties
really looking forward to the copenhagen show -- first time perfoming here :-) for all of you who made it to the...
if someone hasn't already made one, i might do it. in my copious free time, you know? :)
you're welcome :)
new follows for good fri :)
uhhh youre still not following me mr. special :)
u welcome man!! : )
ha! story of my life... if you prefer, you can pay me in cash on the day :)
giveaway winner announced on fb for the tree of life pendant :d
okaaay it's done !! you'll see if you got in the video :d gonna makee it right now <3
i remember when i was becoming a demi lovato's fan. i saw 'camp rock' , i listened 'get back' & i though: god she's amazing. :)
1 more follower until 1025 :)
i'm a little busy with right now :)
<3 hello beautiful...so glad to see you back round these parts again :d
: ) thank you.
if i was close you no i would take you :)
does that mean that i'm awesome too? i could read it w/o coz problems :)
hihi iya smsm kak :) my holiday's great hahaha ka pinkey weekend kmn kak?
omg cindy shared your phone message! we are dancing, too! can't wait to see you, radiant diamond! :-)
as on thursday, i am riding amtrak and using my pre-release ipad. as on thursday, nobody cares. :)
you're most welcome! i *knew* it would come in handy the next time someone says "get me traffic/roi/leads now!" :-)
i have never wanted to get attention as much as i do now lol. <---- its my 18th bday today :d can i get a follow please :]
anime boston baby, anime boston. had a fantastic shoot today with jova and some of organization 13. more greatness to come ^_^
yayy! thanks for #ff mention :)
you have mistaken me for a 23 year-old dumbass. :)
italy is crazy :)
that was really really nice of you to donate money :-)
yes they are so diff! all the characters are diff! that's why the show is so amazing, i think :)
i been good love :d & urself ?
i'm about to commit apple blasphemy but god i love windows 7 its so pretty and natural. :)
yes maddie has a twitter! :)
it's actually alive! i'm probably gonna bake some tonight :)
thank you sweetie! that's so nice of you to say. :d happy aloha friday!
i am really working on victoria & alberts... its on "the list" :)
u r welcome :)
watching starstruck again! :) this movie is cute.
send me some links yo! :)
i like anything with bragging rights :) follower #100! woot!
oh yea working on 'you picked me' :)
thanks for the #followfriday woof-outs :)
aw thanks kat! i'm so glad you were inspired! :)
— ah don't worry, you can point and laugh at the suckers who bought a wifi *and* a 3g one later! :)
no didnt get that one :( i am getting the ones now though :) let me know when you are back! :)
tweeting and driving is not safe!!! i'm telling :)
:) haha idk. you can choose :)
no problem!! :) and yay!!! -tay
yeah, i was actually hoping for balcony a night there, im short so i figure ill be able to see :)
lol, yes, i am seeing adam on may 22nd in boston. i am so excited. i found out at 10am and i have been flailing all day. :-)
1 month to cheryl & bep's. whahey! :-)
here is one more great #catholic priest: may god bless you father jay and make your ministry ever fruitful :)
all will be published soon :)
#ff | follow my best #twitfriend because he is fabulous and he is a very kind person! i love him very much! :)
ok!! :d *punch in the face* that's for your bad joke and for said that drew seeley has a big head! lol
thanks for the follow =)
you wanted 2 hangout with me today #itsnotthatserious i was booked, maybe tomorrow! :)
john forsythe passed. he had such a great voice. i am sure he will still be able to tell the angels good morning :)
happy birthday pattie!!! have the best birthday ever!!! love ya <3 :d #2
if you want a shoutout :)
everyone. yes everyone! follow > :d nowwww
thank you :) you are so full of awesomeness and that voice ooooh
& they're servin white wine 4 their clients. i luv it here. where u at?! {here tricey!!! :) }
welcome to my hometown. have you started counting mullets, fanny packs, and leashed children yet :) #gatlinburg
wooo watching family guy :d
btw whomever it was that rattled my cage... i couldn't understand you so your humor was lost on me & you won't have my #. :)
instead of kicking yourself, try forgiving yourself... everyone messes up beth. here's a glass of white for you : )
lol no, i mean, follow me back :)
thanks so much! and no problem! i like helping people :d -tay
watch video ---> behind the scenes of taydizm's videoshoot featuring me! =)
good morning world :)
<< he be fronting on me. how is it that alotta ppl on twitter know what it is lmao but he dont.. ill be here :)
wonderful. just had a very unhealthy fattening dinner with the fam and i am stuffed. :)
#ff my gorgiessss -- thanks sis :)
go forth and conquer :-) #yeg
watch our video for "the road to hell..." on headbanger's ball on monday night (3am eastern/12am pacific) on mtv2 :)
(no selling) the best stuff's free :) take a look
haha yah not a problem :)
omg,yeh i saw the pic,lol,that's just nasty,lol :)
haha you're welcome :d
forshigitty bro! and i wanna start doing work with code blue. : ) "follow", perhaps? lol!
