okay i'll tweet her agaain :d
hello tweple. :)
gd nite world! time for my chat with the one above :-)
#jonasbrothers on tt's .. that's cool :)
i love #vampirediaries, and i just can't wait for the next episode!! :)
i'm finally home! me and my boo gon sleep well tonite! i ♥ zae! :-)
by the way . is jasminevillegas followin ya ? :)
thanks for the rts and comments on my flower photos :-)
how can u say that?u that were still in my dream last nyt :-) :( :( :( u dnt care bout me!!
naw :( do something entertaining! its a saturday night! :)
going to my grandparent's tomorrow for easter. i love this time of year. :)
i'm good! the weekend's been good so far... thanks! enjoy ze cape :)
thanks for the memories, thanks for memories!!! :d
your reminded me why i follow you with you 1100th tweet =)
okay i'll be back later (: remember to get #jonasbrothers to number 1 trending topics! :d
thank ya for the of #ff :)
3 days!! dreading the drive though haha, but its for a good reason! :d xxx
omg i love love love your pic!! yay!!! so special!! :) we all look so officially gangsta!!
ok going to get some film developed (8 rolls of it) then to waist the day away till dr who :)
everyone follow right now if you want justin to dm you ! i will get him to dm anyone who follows :)
make me :)
tnx 4 ur patronage. for future concerns, just follow us & dm us the details. :)
if u have a blackberry add me bbpin 2185979b :) xx
trip at a justin bieber meet-and-greet :d that would be amazing
chuck norris will beat you up if you dont follow. -> :)
yep yep.. now i know :d xxx
follow them :d <3
my band. lol, remember that song? :)
it was who tooked care of the tracklist on twitter and on the blog :)
if you wanna marry justin bieber, logan lerman,zac efron, or taylor lautner :) --@kaileynicolefan
lmao!!! omg shut up! next time i see you again your getting a hot indian slap! :)
do you know if kubica is on twitter? i want to say thanks :d
if you're currently camped out for an ipad, dm me now to see your name in lights :-)
ppl feel the heat when the tables turn.. i just sit back & laugh. i love karma! :)
morning ms sheepyperson :)
no way! come to 5th ave i have cocoa puffs for everyone! :)
bang on :) acc to ur theory sameera reddy shd've been calld priya in the movie rathr than the other gal!
photo: i can’t believe i found this, itssofuckingperfect. enjoy. :)
haha yeah i thought so! im realy tired cause my mate stopped over and we went to bed at like three! whoops :)
thanks for following me, taylor swifts uh-mazing xd ; followed back :)
i've made one demi one, i'll make another :)
happy anniversary :d have a blessed day :)
omg crazy freak :o! have a good day lol :)
i missed you too palazzo baby :)
off to lemon tea :)
making nice.. haha jk :p just working :) n gym :p u ?
i'm come to the brissy one ayyy can't wait :)
morning beautiful lady :)
you just doing it up ain't chu : )
accept aku dong ka :) 21c08eeb
joe jonas! -_- nanda! rizky :d sayang ega oke gw sayang rizky
:d how many brothers do you have ?
i wanna be in love with chew! :)
i will :) and hopefully get to see you in nosturi next week (=
mega withdrawl symptoms here! wish i was in glasgow for your last dates :( enjoy every minute and see u in newbury! :) xxxx
black saturday. =)
thanks frisaaa :) happya ya muth,.longlast ya:)rt gue gamau ngucapin
happy easter everyone :d
same to u :)
aww.. my twitter friends are just too lovely and nice people!! thank you for the mention of the beautiful :)
its 7.13pm here :)
im going now! :d take care guys! peace! <3
uh. so much for being a 'big brother'. dickhead. :)
hohohoho lg apaaa? asiiiiiiiiiik asiiiiiiik yippieee horraaaay ini aku balessssss :) (cont)
hey :d
i have ^^ thanks a lot :)
#shoutout to ----->> & <--- follow them :)
i love my cafe breakfasts on saturday mornings :)
badah :p muji/ngina ne?:p itu dah bgus:) biar lbh ntral kka:)rt hahhaha :d apnya (cont)
yay. check out the council outing pictures on facebook. :)
goodnight :)
see this is why following me is a bad bad idea :p i mess with people :d
the secret of happiness is what to make others believe they are the cause of it....... :-)
ip3? sounds like a new element. nice :-)
-_- well ima go too bored x] baii! night! :)
love waking up with the sun glaring through the curtains. i hope summer comes early this year. <-- me too! :)
i dont know im not normally that lucky but done really well on it just kept winning :)
chances of an all-german front row, i'd say pretty good right now xd :d as long as schumacher heads it! #f1 #malaysiangrandprix #qualifying
happy easter all! i wish that you can smile all this week :) be happy! i love you! ooopsss i've said it...! don't worry, it's not sugar :))
that sounds awful denise,is it all to do with the accident? i hope you feel better soon. btw i love your new prfile pic :)
wah udah ada twitter :d
i know lmao, i left it to dry :)
after uts, i'll try to learn harder. horas :d !
when u get home...after ur rested :) can. snee me the sundancw kids songs?!? and some photos of them and ellington! :d
listening to anberlin....talking to courtney...then going to bed. college basketball tomorrow! seton hall-wvu tomorrow at noon! : )
maksute?? lha orangtuaku wis ndono dhisik ki,. :d tenanan ki,,saiki yook,,,rt (cont)
ha, you're still on april 2nd... i'm one day ahead of you :-)
15 :) and you?
haha, yes :d
ohh, kk (: heheh , its was lots of ppl when u-kiss go there :d
just sang my little friend jayme and beethoven ( my very-happy-to-see-me little birdie) to sleep. ahhh... my turn :)
a kind hello from simple soul to a beautiful butterfly. do i deserve all your sweetness? i doubt...have a colorful day! :-)
216a70c5 do it :)
my bunnies in 'spring daisy' treasury thank you, holliezhobbiez! :)
oow.. you are a leo too.. kita sama! :)
:d emang kamu mo kemana? yuk! saya mau iced coffee
in my bedroom of course and sure i will but just for you :)
well its my 16th birthday, so i dont think ill forget :)
someone buy me one of these please and thank you! :d
cooked japanese curry for lunch/dinner. :)
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
the who alrwady discussed. moon killer drummer but not front man cos he wasn't at the front :-) #bandswith3killerfrontmen
u got it. :)
:d at bookstore.lady chiding kid, loudly : "beta,stop it! do papa & i roll on the floor like this?"
ha, they were certainly not expecting me to have read their terms and conditions!! #callcentrewin take that suckers :-)
during summer vacation; the 2 weeks of august i'm going to andalucia ; just sayin :)
hehe :-) not bad, just on my way to london for a few days. you up to much?
y fray monchi! :)
:d me too... dont know if he exists on twitter.... let me try and find it out
hey please follow back my bestie :d she's already following you :d pretty-pretty please :d
not a problem. :-)
maaf mba, tweetnya ke skip... thanks juga for sharing a nice place for all of us... layar tancep jadiin yukkkk :d
oh gem, you're so sweet :) thank you so much, and i only gave you 2 shoutouts ha ha i tricked you!
great to see you all #youguys ! thanks to & :)
me and :) twistedddd
for letting you guys down! i'm sorry for everything! :( i hope you guys can forgive me! :)
hey jeff, you're ready for the game this afternoon. don't start chucking your toys if you drop 3 points today. :)
road trip!! whoop whoop! thruxton here we come :-)
:d hahaa ok ill wait for him ^^ lol
exactly! now i have something to look forward to :)
#nowplaying wavin flag k'naan cant wait to world cup 2010! and this song remembering abt citos&cocacola; :d
there's your icon. hope you like it :)
twitpic for me afterr :)
if you think am kind girl hahaha :d x
you need to come on fb at some point so i can give you gossip :d
listening to awesome stuff right now! its got me excited :)
sure does have a good taste. miley, jo bros, pixie lott, tay :)
gonna hit you with the link to the video when i get to the hotel. thx :) nah, dan never sent me the video… i'm gonna
wishing you a beautiful saturday delisa :)
im in there!!! but if u wanted a party at decos i got u :) :-d hehe. well on a sunday ! still poppin!
it be like dat sometimes lol =)
thank you guys! thanks for spreading it around :)
yay, i was the 60th person who retweeted tweet :d goodnight, nick! #jonasbrothers <333
oh wow :)
you're welcome for the #ff mentions! :)
follow herrrrrrr!!! justin loves her :)
ok hey i see u :)
ohhh. ahah youre welcome :d
hi there anna! thanks for the welcome back. the move itself was exhausting & crazy but all settled & happy again now :)
nahi aisi baat nahi hai.. kar rahi hu follow.. :)
at julies with spike, terrence, reggie and asher :)
if u love all the things that justin do :)
thank you :)
2 more list please :d
3 days!! dreading the drive though haha, but its for a good reason! :d xxx yeapp! charn i can't wait x
no news as far as i know! :-) x
if you think am kind girl hahaha :d x
i got a bunch of other auto-biographies and good books hanging around. have you read winning by jack welsch? =)
guten morgen fraulein :) ich hoffe ihr tag ist schön. (or something like that, my german is a bit rusty)
glad you got sorted :)
lol. its ok. :)
thank's :) follow bosan part 7 &me gak follow
thank you :)
yom :d tea solves everything ;d xo
can any1 help me reach my goal plz! thanks! :)
if you follow i will dm sean kingston, lil twist justin christian or cody simpson for you :d tweet me if when you have :d
really tho..why am i such a bitch? im so disrespectful and i enjoy that shit :)
okay! :d ignore this next tweet coming to you...it's for an in4merz competition lol x
i am raising my hand! currently listening to weekend confirmed while waiting in line for my ipad :)
i will get a gift my brother told me :d psssshh
yup, i do :)
ngelonin baby kingkong yg terserang sakit 'manja' :* :d ♥
can't wait for june. kobe vs. prince james :) pustahan na! anyone?
it is always good to get praise :)
good morning twitter :-)
yess yess i do... i love it don't u love when the power gets put back in ur court? :d its the best feeling! :) lol
:) i couldn't agree more, i can't support the irish accent, though the english one sounds nice when its a mix.
sure thing. :) but i bet your ass beats me out for an oscar. lol
acc to kejjti from rob is really that tall and handsome !! :)
lol!! have a good weekend mate -we's off to tetbury for a coupla days :-)
oh well. i'ma tough kitty! i'll get through it as w/ everything else lol. rawrr! :) toodles for now...
tell us? in 140 char tell us? in 140 char thanks for input! :) i'm by no means an exper...
hellow :)
aahhh. can you tell i don't really buy clothes that often :)
i'm feeling the love and support . i feel nothing else ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ (via well deserved. :)
omg 1006 followers! hugs for you all i love you more and more :)
if u follow u will get a shoutout!!! just tell me if u do :)
lol, that's very funny! :)
awwwww soooooooooo cute! doodle's little bunny ears are flapping when he is jumping in doodle jump easter update! i love it! :) (@limasky)
exactly :)
follow --> << they followed :)
thanks for your message ruben :)
ha! purr-fect :) best tweet of the night. i'm on line behind a chick with a hello kitty visa card .....
nyc video... i jus luv it :) am nt an indian.. but u guys, b proud 2 b an indian.. beautiful n lovely country
fact: forget the past, accept the present, change the future, then smile. :)
:o i know right! haha :d :l xx
goooooood morning julie! :)
hiii dear..oo u yg segan2 tadi yea. :)rt me and :)
me too! :d
does anyone wanna chat? :)
if u love all the things that justin do :)
it's 10.15am here in the uk and me too, i'm really not a morning person :)
thats what it is!! :)
hiiiii :)
back to 2 weeks of being a sahm !! love the school holidays :-)
why do they bother to put '107 calories' on a 2 finger kitkat bar, sound alot to me, but i'm still eating it :)
:)
i'm good ty, hbu :) ?x
thanks for all your comments www.taniagunadifans.webs.com ! :)
shattered today...twas worth it but :d
