paco modeling one of my handmade bobby pins :)
thank u miss bunnie :) o and special happy bday to my fav dollface love you boo !!! um (cont)
you guys haven't seen my face in a bit ; ayy :)
hey! central ct for me :d the others are from all over the country. -tay
amazing! will be at steve's drinks for a few around 7, see you then :)
movie with && mary. :)
:-) mine got one my smiley don't need one :op bro... what happens when your smiley gets a nose job?
omg ewwwwwwhoa omg ewwwwwwwwwwwhoa omg ewwwwwhoa ewwwwwwhoaaaaaaaaaaaaewwwwhooaaaewwwhoaaa : ) i did it again.
shoutout to ---> in virginia !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! < awee im in va 2 ilyall nd yall music =)
: ) daddy's home
ugh everytime i go to type in i always type in ahahaa :)
:) it's a very nice face. and i love your hat. i have jack skellington slippers and fuzzy dice, as it happens.
thank you and happy easter! :)
follow and tell me and i'll give you shoutouts! :) now goo!
hahaaa, its coz they love the farm idea :d
i'm off :) love you <3
oh really!!!! yaya i hope so =)
hahaha. :) happy eater!
#ff every1 follow my homegirl and listen to her music :)
i've heard that :) i just wish iphone would have multiple carriers
your welcome :-)
:) hows u?
just to a new sf neighborhood noe valley. :)
oh fun fun fun times :d looking forward to this :')
:-)
mmhm answer your phone :)
no rush. :) just at some point. i feel like i don't really talk to you two anymore.
#ff -> maybe they won't abandon me like my last fan twitter. :)
ah right! you'll be grand *hugs* very best of luck :)
now boarding plane numero dos. next stop: kansas! wish us luck everybody :)
if it were a spanish or english (and probably italian or french) name i could probably tell what gender it is :)
i like to party party party and qet wasted :)
gladly.. well deserved =)
such a beauty, must be proud! lol :-)
yes i am :)
i decompiled an .swf and then made it the background of my header. : )
i'd just settle for having a house :d #apartmentdweller
sushi at mt. fuji with yummmmmy plus this place has special meaning to moi :-) #yeg
i follow you can u follow me back plz :)
it's soo good, my favorite cake :)
i looked it up on youtube. :)
yupp thanks =)
only four away :)
glad your fine :) btw, what part of europe are you from? :d
with my picture on it?? i don't know. maybe in the computer room :)
i wish! lol. coffee place. food's good, tho. :)
thank you. =)
aww you reached 180! i'm really happy for you<3 :)
new pics wit the sissy cumm'n. i'm warning you now. she's taken and i aint settling :) hehehe. «--yer taken too #twifed
aww sis!! i love you! good luck with the paper :)
lol! thanks :) #ff my hot underwear models ;p
thanks y'all :) #ff and follow --->
yay *hugs* feel better mal, we want you back 100% for monday :d it's gonna be epic #lollipop
hey, thanks for the hello :d
no ugly you're cute :)
thankssss for the follow ! :)
just to let you guys know i got the job that i interviewed for the other day : )
follow and tell me, i'll give you 5 shoutouts :)
andre rieu shostakovich' second waltz remember eyes wide shut ? culmination lifetime's wins :)
my review! :) snap review of ‘clash of the titans 3d’:
diesle gig done!...going to nam son for pho then to arrow bar to dj with my happy mustache friend back from cali :) come thru!
okay guys. this is a little bit dull. goodnight :)
has always wondered who would get their hair cut at hair metal, :)
it was indeed! what is a great big night though? violent overthrow of oppressive regime?? :)
oh, i love doing that :d
i'm a little behind today i guess :)
leos can be happily married to each other once they realize they both have similar needs for love and adoration :) wooo!
somebody talk to me please :) sorry forgot caps were on lmao
#ff aww....thank you :) ya know....i feel the same way abt urself :)
i wannna meet mom amd make
fun of him with her :d suwhhooop
thank you for the compliment and ff :)
welcome hope you have a great weekend! and that willim spoils you :)
yes... a very beautiful smile. ...oh you have drawn a new drawing? do tweet it soon, i would love to see it :)
god would you shut up we get the point already you are to the point of spaming us and it is getting old >not happening :)
ah cool! a beer tap at your table is definitely something to check out! :d
or dummy of the year! :) lol
i sent that email to you. whew! that was the biggest review i had ever done. i hope you like it :)
yes. *that* sort of errand boy is exactly what i had in mind :)
thanks :-)
i;m getting better now yeah :) xx not toooo bad, hope your feeling better sooon x
aw i missed you too! its you in your new twitter picture? you look so pretty as well bb :)
thanks. :)
#shoutout2daguyz who are sexy on my timeline :)
today is day-off :) just one thing that i have to do right now is just eating breakfast ;-) how bout u!!
rt: my mom is asking me to get her the mixtape ! lol :d--- do it!! i heard it's pretty good! lol :)
hahaha that's right! ol school cartoons rock!!!!!! um rainbow bright and shira and my lil ponies! rock it sista! :)
shaken not stired i hope? :)
win a 100gb vertex le! simply follow ocz and retweet this to win :)
say what you want -- glittering lint is better than the regular kind. :) <~ yes it is...lol
thanks for finding me. happy 15's! may your days be filled w/ 29 point hands! :-)
yeah. :) dm me.
yeah i knwo waht you meann. i hate being rude too but sometimes you have to, you know? don't get mad :)
same here, but weekends with the dogs are always a plus :)
we've have a gorgeous, sunny, blue sky ca day today. rumor has it rain is coming on sunday. more wildflowers then! :)
i'm bored (and hungry) too. just grabbed some pretzels :) my mom won't let me eat my macaroni salad i made cuz she thought i was
wonderful, so happy you came in :)
rt: ™♥. returnedd iitt , ... thanks <<well thank u to u =)
thank you king =)
everything is! hahahah! this is your week! :) im sooooooo proud of my lil imani bunch crunch!
*blush* thank u :-)
