perfect match is my aries sign :) #zodiacfacts #leo most compatible sign: gemini sagittarius, aries, libra
what did you guys prefer... my world or my world 2.0? :)
#zodiacfacts to a #gemini, love is a romantic ideal which can only be achieved with the soulmate. =)
do you have aim? i'd love to chat with you on there! :)
thank you :)
#oz & u guys get eaten by kangaroos spiders & deadly snakes all day &night<roflmao you are very funny :)
there's that infamous pothead kind of default i'm used to seeing :)
i think perhaps they've mistaken the meaning of the words "hummer," "blow" and "wind power." yeesh. :)
. i had to that last tweet, tyvm for saying such kind words abt me. the feeling is quite mutual :-)
win a 100gb vertex le! simply follow ocz and retweet this to win :)
how is everyones day going? :)
absolutely! ill hit you tmw. : )
thanks boo! :) #followfriday
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
follow, me follow, me, follow me.. lmao idk where we goin doe x_x < whoa look at the twitcon ladies lol follow him :)
#shoutout to i never do #ff but he always gives me a mention so yall should follow him :) -thx
17? you know how to flatter a girl. :-) thanks!
also an amazing dj on the southern tip, who is everywhere :)
i gotttttt youuu :)
watching movies :)
just finished eatin my mcdonalds :)
happy easter! don't eat too many eggs :-)
going to the clinic. zen android :-)
two of my fave things....adam and fondle <mine, too. :-)
ask please :)
*laughs* i knew what you meant :-)
thanks for the #ff! also, i agree. is good people :)
oooo sounds fun. and i was filming girls in rubber all day too. i shall endeavour to poke you harder over the weekend :)
yes, thanks hun . :)
haha..marty i love you. :)
heey!! :) how are u?
spam my dm's? :) pahlease?
fine thanks :)i'm glad your good :)
fucking lucky man if you ask me. lol my husband is a awesome man :-)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
i'm having pie for dinner, margarita's for dessert, then hitting ossington ave with some hot chicks. come drink with us :)
bumpin rude boy in thee carr :)
now we're happy when will you guys take a pic together? :-)
aint shytttttttt bummppinnn someee rebirthhh!!! :) wat u doinggg!!
okay yah im the same i hate the fight bout it i love both too #juonasbieberpeace :d
my pleasure! :)
@rydka u rock! ty for photographing my classes so well! fun sharing yoga, cupcakes & cocktails, oh my! /via
12 more hours.... :d

i assume that's what you're hinting at.
not only is your picture up but there is a shot of a whale's penis in the same thread. :)
yes i'm with a scorpio now :) i like them. zodiacfacts: #zodiacfacts #scorpio most compatible signs: virgo, pisces, cancer, capricorn
thank you for very much. :) great deal. i will ask for it in my easter basket. lol
yo ryan i bet i can beat you in golf too :) but im talking mini golf here.
:d i believe families and charitable orgs are safer 'nets' than gov beaurocracies where few know each other personally.
#ff shes super sweet =)
it was great to meet dawn and the other girls! thanks, i thought the photos turned out great too :-)
yay!36 hours to go! this isn't a bad weekend after all. x factor email,happy phone calls and good company :) :)
the ff, thank you, as cool as you babe. :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
i know...i was just being silly. :)
cool :-) 'dragon 2''s just a dream? ;-) say no!
going to see the last song soon :)
lol your sure are! i swear it's more than 10! haha :)
haha yeahh i will :) thank you xxx
expansive poetic heart and gift of the gab : ) #followfriday
dropping this sat only at nice kicks!!!!!!!!! air jordan "flint" 13s<--still got mine frm highschoo..still pimp em to =)
i see you!!! :) #perfectharmony
lol at you and moaning :d
no i wish. here in sweet home chicago :)
oh good my neighborhood :d (me, i just don't drink + drive, period)
maybe we can pitch "sa" to spike tv. we put you in the lead and it'll sell like "insert metaphor here." :)
wat u going up there for? i might be that way =)
haha ur funny =) iwant my food thoooo
=) i don't if going out tomorrow if i not to tired tomorrow sometimes i lazy to go out tomorrow lol
:) it was intended too. now codysimpson has to reply to it xd
i had too many. and as a former spelling bee champ, it was kind of humiliating, actually. :-)
listened to this constantly in high school :d ♫
i have a very business-like mentality. i can hustle if i need to. :) n i'm hella good at it too.
i hope u did the voice & face when u said that tweet out loud!! #onlywaytodoit :-)
haha how old are you ? just asking haha :)
doin homeworks! :)
my pleasure! glad you like it :)
lol lol are u really? see we get along great! :)
lmfaooo thxxx babes.more vids comin up soon tho :-) how u beeeeeennnnnnnn
i haven't but rt'ed it so it was in my timeline so i could! :)
oi brother :)
haha alright :) listen to the ones i said! theyre good too! & youll fall in love with them! :) how about fav jb song? xx
haha no, really, he has never followed me! he has replied some tweets i have sent him, but that's all :d
heey to all my new followers :)
made a huge pot of coleslaw today. 2 heads of cabbage, already almost gone :) guilt free noshing on a day my stomach is bottomless
watching 'victorious' this show is frckn hilarious :)
do u use stumble upon? let me know-i'll click 'i like it' for your site if u can do same for me :)
hey :)
i am seriously considering it....don't tempt me...however i don't drink beer...ick :) lol
i say kids with kind hearts deserve a puppy :)
you should seriously follow me and my best friend we love you =) 5
ooooooh rondo! i see u baby. :-) i think i'm gonna hv to start calling him the prince of passing.
hey what's good. how are you? :)
sup :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
just submitted my project for school, and spring break has officially started!!!! :d
||hehe|| k -- i got you :)
**hugs** is that better? :)
yeah man. i'm watching youtube videos and eating kd. life is good :)
sure did :)
s t f u "mine" its aight..not better than mines whooo likes me new icon ? :-)
party party :) hugs!!!!rt  @rosasparamin hi!! starting to feel like a little party here!! :) hugs to you both :)
i think the 5 hour delay pertains to bankers and people who have real jobs. doesn't affect me. :)
who's coming??? : )
happybirthday cornelli kwanda firefly :)
agreed. along the same lines, it's great when someone i look up to is just as awesome in person as i expected. like you. :d
:) cadbury eggs, peeps and then hubs decided to get these runts eggs which are good! oh and cookies and cream eggs!
q:lol i can do bothhhhh shorty shorty. :-) a:hmmmmm
hahaha yesss :) back, back<333
in case you missed it, here's my new article you are properly cited :)
i love tht song :)
woohooo!!!!! we can't wait, bill. will be wonderful fun. :-)
365 days of stormtroopers muy bueno :)
your site is so helpful! thanks so much :)
nooo! dont go back :) i know youll regret! live life now! 22 is best xx
hii :)
yay followed :d <3
there's no catch at all. :)
<--follow them :d
lolol i'm good :-) how r u?
#smallville #escape it seems like they went to a #supernatural place :d
i didn't have the heart to tell him. plus, i didn't want to have to pretend to be eating squirrel. :)
thankyou! :)
no need to worry, good to see you :) x
nice ass ma...naw.....think u got me on de ass! :)
#ff worth mentioning more than once! she is caring, and understanding :)
you can download my first single here for free :)
ok time to follow the lists that follow me :) #ff #followfriday
in the social media and viral marketing spaces video is going to be the deal breaker...mark my words :)
thanx 4 the #ff luv :)
i love when fans see me in my car and try to get my attention... as long as they don't run in the street. they didn't this time. :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
one of my fav songs from him. =)
ur welcome mizz!! :d
leave it to me to pick the wrong village & wrong idiot. when you're me, always do it well & with tons of pride. :)
wow, sounds like a lot goin' on. fun stuff is always good :-) waitin' for you to tell me 'bout it :-)
gracias! my spanish is so improving :) we should trade our photo/language skills!
#ff :d
massive attack massive attack massive attack oh yes zir :) lol i like nikki
vitas <333333333333333333333333 good feelings back :d
sitting down to schedule character spotlights for the rest of the year. any authors/publishers/publicists interested? dm or email me :)
and thats good, im relaxin too :d
gamedev.net dns snafu. it's back in most parts of the world now :-)
yaaaaaaay the sun comin out :-)
atlanta hawks at cleland cavs. tied at 23, end of 1st qtr. in truck race, p1. go hawks & go 18!! :)
heyy :) i've missed your tweets damn this foreign country! lol i need to get back to the usa i miss my daily dosage of wings :p
#ff if you got a tumblr #follow --> , its my friend blog :)
aww how cute. theyre two little ducks on my front lawn :d
i can tell you who will be there, if you want. :) i bet kesha goes last. dunno about adam. 2/3 through? derulo, blg also after
my april blog giveaway started today! leave a comment to enter!! :)
will you come get wasted #party4haiti? :-) glad i stayed in pdx this weekend—going to beerfest!
ditto :)
well we got $20 on it well right now its at $15 :)
sweet :-) i am as musically diverse as they come. listen to it all.
ooooops karla from living black is on #sbs1 not #abc1 & #sbs2 is awesome :)
full as f*ck!!... feel like taking a walk now... off to the beach :)
blah. i think my hair actually looks better now that i've gone for a run! but thanks. :-)
bah... morning :)
thanks. :) back at ya.
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
dammn i kno u r mad excited!!! :)
i missed all the bad wx this mornin. :) stay safe out there.
what if they too shy to say something? and to my new followers... please come talk to me so i can follow you back ... :)
oh ok. well thanks for checking! :)
happy birthday to my birthday twin :)
if you want to win the golden ticket :)
lol i'm okay with no cable or interne as long as i'm sti'll able to watch #antm and i'm cool! :)
yes :) and pick me again. hahah.
sorry =)
you can add --debug-mirage to your banshee launcher, then review ~/.config/banshee/log to find out :)
i must say thank you so much for mentioning me so nice to pop on twitter and see that! thank you!! :-)
thanx :) ima check dat out. does it take up alotta memory tho?
follow me plz im part of #phazemanic =)
haha aw. we know you'll do amazing as always :)
pahaha inoo, my sheepiee is just too amazing :d
i had hoped to make it to la for the convention..but it's crazy w/ book coming out. i want to go!! :)
wow, that is a cool background. i would love to have the same pose as you did. :)
i'm all for the home team winning, but is by far the cutest mascot i have ever seen! :)
#ff ---> she follows back and that girl is a dime they say... #follow now go go go!! :)
ha that would be nice :)
#ff ♥ ~ :)
i thought will never follow me...but i was wrong... :) ryan u completed my life! ily
#ff seems pretty cool + he follows rite bk!! :-)
easter weekend im so excited i cant wait to see all of my family :)
i got u, send me a dm so i don't forget :) how's the baby?
it's so hot where i live! it's 24c!! :d :d im in a dress! :d im loving it! <33 -koryn
chinese it is :d
omg .. i bee goin in like a muthafucka .. chillin & dealin .. :) wat y'all do tweoples whoever i ain't following holla imma follow bak
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
nope. i keep saying i'm gonna! gave me some words of wisdom. turn it down :)
starting the easter weekend right family ranch bbq family and friends : )
going too bedd. :)
. re: random awesomeness, :) also, 5-yr visa approved. #hellawin #needbiz #iwannababelfish
welll hiiii :d
hey :) is there any chance youll come to canada? (: we will play some hockey, in my igloo, and drink maple syrup :) baha.
good luck! hope you impress your grandma! :d
lol, thanks for the concern family. that was a "here we go"of excitement and mental preparation. all is (very) well :)
awwww jess that sucks!!! remember god is in us and we can't let crazy people change us...just kick them in the shins :-)
:) see ya in there
follow me back :)
i'm sure it will be better next time we go...on a non-busy day. hee! :)
i have an interview with fun for malakai on 3/4 inch in my basement. u and i may have known each other in a previous life. :)
