aint that the truth :-)
awwww that is so sweet :) thank you xoxo
lol aww thank you :) ill be fine tomorrow i probably just need to sleep it off :)
new pics wit the sissy cumm'n. i'm warning you now. she's taken and i aint settling :) hehehe.
thank you for the #followfriday :-)
thanks everyone for the #ff shouts. was under the weather today and looks forward to seeing y'all on monday :)
awooooooooooooooooooo whats good famalams? how was the week? lol! : )
micros like my stister ;) « ooooowwwwwww !!! :)
why is losing folllowers? i want 10 of you to go follow her now. k thanks :)
rt:@kydr0bot plz follow she's da baddest<< mmuahhh your so fetch baby :)
this if you want to :)
thanks. i'm hoping for a good show at least it will be sunny tommorrow :-)
haha xd thanks :)
nah it's the more mature, older miley fans who did read the book but hopefully i won't realize the things left out :)
thank you :) and haha beyonce would be like uhm get off my mannnnn lol
wanna play gts? :)
thanks for the and #ff hope each of you have a great weekend! :)
off to the #yoga world!! finally got up early today :d kudos!
just a little bit :)
loving being on jackals list, hahaha. ^_^
got my photoshoot tomorrow yeeeee <~ can't wait girl, got my fit already!! :)
me too *who do u think u r* & now i've decided to bday gift myself w/dna swab for a genetic genealogy report :)
buddy wasssupp :d
every day, i build my tolerance up for ppl that choose 2 fuck with me :) it's ok. ''they know not what they do" lmao...
« good to see that u were payin attn, b! :)
thank you for #ff ♥ :: sure thing enjoy ur day :)
oooo yes please. i love thai anything. i have a thai coleslaw i bet you'd eat :) #nom
awesome :) thanks!!
#autism #waad # ty for :)
man date with :d lmfao
you're welcome. thank you for your mention for #fast7follow yes i am sooo tired. it is nearly 1.30am. til tomorrow/later :-)
congrats on the baby :-)
nice => every day, i build my tolerance up 4 ppl that choose 2 fuck with me :) it's ok. ''they know not what they do" lmao...
(i google translated that. hopefully it didn't get turned into gibberish.) :-)
there's a twi convention at the end of july you can come for :) lol
good reminder to make it great. :)
i always ask for jimmies here, and no one knows what i'm talking about. :-)
just click the "do not display on twitter" button!! formspring is gay because of all the haters/perverts :d
follow us :) <3
let us know what its saying :)
awesomesauce! me too :d
#ff heat! #spinthatshit :)
....there goes that new vid :) check it out :)
true story :-)
i think it means that u maybe go with the winner from the golden ticket to justin nd chuck norriz ?!?!?!?! :d
oh lawd is behind the wheel again ruuuuuuunnn lmaooo jus playin keri *curtis payne voice* luuuuv youuuu :-)
but the actual football player said some of that stuff wanst true. it's a great movie though. one of my favorites now. :)
good looooooook on that solo shoutout! i appreciate you! :)
so your cheating on me huh? lol :) kidding, thanks so much jacques:) how are you?
#ff :)
i wanna do a tinychat with you monday :)
yw! cool wins :) enjoy!
hahaha yeah. :) ive found like a lot of kidds that i didnt even know went to our school. :o
#follow my new frienddddd !!!! :) lol
not only is easter worship at lifechurch.tv incredible...but cg is wearing a tie...and a pink shirt :)
good evening too :) good morning twitter. jamie foxx & i play 1-on-1.
:) i honored!
i'm good thanx! :)
@urbanmodelaward i vote that's all :) thanks love for taking out the time to vote!!!
ready for first friday opening...pics to come :)
i thought you were too cool for the nosebleeds. :)
oh yes :-) dont you think he is simply gorgeous?
followw yaay :) just 3 more tell me you followed and il give you a shoutie goo
lol, why not? when it's you've got, intellivision gets the job done. :) did you have a favorite intellivision cartridge?
kiss of death quote of the day #1 now posted! :)
lol, i meant i look 20 wks pregnant! i look my 32 years :)
hot wannnngs! :)
lucky man. god forbid those guys walk an extra 100yds. to class, huh? :)
thanks for the mention :-) #ff #jageriffic
now have 1395 emails on my bb. wonder if i can get it to 5 figures? unrelated: how much space does email take up on a bb? :)
your very welcome! :-) have a good weekend too!
#shoutouttodagirlz >> ooohhh yess! :)
haha yeah but its private :) ppl were trying to hack my page :)
welcome =d so looking forward to it ^^ you're heading to blink as well? :)
kk, i answered :)
:d what's up people??
think i want a sleeve tatted :)
that's life advice, right there :)
thank-you so very much for the on my earrings tonight! :)
i changed my minddd imma shmokee my brains out 2night instead lol.. lightt ittt :-)
stick with pink. :)
well, in my defense, i only had a diet coke at lunch. now i'm drinking beer :)
i just sent you a dm. =)
you should have got up there and showed them how it's done! :-)
omg i gained 6 subscribers today!!!!! :)
wedding goodness! tablescape, decor, etc :)
leaving work early + home from work = like adding an extra day to my weekend! :d
i'm tryna touch a 1000 tho u got me :)
how dare you be in philly and i not get a call. i gets no love. :)
on my way to for trivia :) running late, hope there's still someone without a partner when i get there!
its ugly in washington lol its beautiful in cali =)
even if there were ones before jolie, she knocks them all out. :)
btw, lady---will you be at this year? would love to raise a drink w/you (and ld, if she'll be there too. :d )
y tu cuando vendras a miami =) my dad will be back from miami next week! i haven't seen him since november.
now you know how i felt when i told you about my plants! :d
i know right i don't like it here lol its ugly in washington lol its beautiful in cali =)
its beautiful in cali =)
well, i think you are mistaken because mr. kojima isn't following me haha :d
: its ugly in washington lol its beautiful in cali =) .. sure is , all gloomy
how's it going? once we finish eating we will head down there :)
lol .. u comin up with some random things lol but thank u =)
thank you for the #ff :-)
ok i will, thanks ~ wise move :)
hey safffiee!! :)
:) ummm...i believe that we actually use his pictures for the dirtier ummmm job...
what a nice evening :-)
haha follow mee :) wanna be a part of #teamsuperman ?
thanks for the follow fridays. here ya go. :) #ff
i believe you :d
at in n out. going to great skate at 8:30. come out if u live in glendale, az. my buds and i will be here til midnite :)
billy joel. funny... it was my hs "theme song" (yikes!) how're you this aloha friday? :)
i wanna be morphed... :)
keep mentioning me, thinkin bout me . makes me feel special :)
have my orientation at children hospital on da 17th....helping children what more cn u ask 4 =)
that was a good one! :-) you're own artwork? :-)
oh fun! it opened it's doors just for us : ) ladies and gents...were pleased to announce #perfectharmony
that's all work no prob :) that wall is dope ( she's a beast!! love ur work chicha! )
at the movies with my family :)
of course you can :)
ala jezebel ..what do we say now when a man is caught cheating on his significant other? " he pulled a tiger?" that doesn't work does it? :)
the calvary has arrived! the heng tai's are ready to b tortured. joshua n tina today is ur day :-)
:) *hugs*
friday night with the patio open & tempura fried okra!? what could be better? spring is here :)
#ff :)
oh thankyouuu :)
i have a crush on one of my followers :) *blushing me! lol jk
it's probably either geoff or evs. knowing you, it's evs. :)
thank u mom :) ☺☺☺ sukses ya paul t-five manggung di bdg,aku sendiri feat. dhisa di bogor..
could you please come and teach a food photography workshop in dc??? petty please!? would so sign up for it! thanks :)
watch us live we are going to dance in a few :)
liam neeson, if you ever take a peek at twitter, i am here for you whenever, where ever but just not with who ever :-)
thanks! i appreciate you :-) #followfriday
trying to chill... many tech probs when setting up. well, it will either be cool, or....suck. wish me luck (and thnx if you already did). :)
just some burgers and bratwursts. :)
aww thanks jim :-) .@sacfirepio: u da man!
wooo, just aslong you didnt get angry :)
love the site it choc rocks! :d #perfectharmony
looser! =)
follow for follow? :)
k check in a min :)
sorry. :-/ margaritas then, a little later. :)
i'ma making you a birthday card early xp. anyways, i'll be 14 in december :)
yup, i luv it :-) have u tried bikram yoga??
double mwah sunny side up! :)
that's beautiful! :)
follow , thanks for the mention :)
wow! we're alike in sooo many ways. lol :)
having a delightful chat with the incredibly talented gotta love those pipes!! :)
i have a blog, every last detail and i'm also a planner for an event decor company in tampa :)
i'm drunk! who's with me :d
night! :)
the disney (prince of persia, sorcerer's apprentice, toy story 3) panel. :)
dear dad, some fans here at the garden have started the wave. celtics down, 47-43 in the 2nd. thought you should know :) love, jacqueline
thank you for the #followfriday :-)
awww u love me =) i'm coloring wit kaylee lol dude its fucking boring without you here
ooooohhhhh gee thanks dude! :d i'm glad you enjoy it!
happybirthday :)
yay : ) did u have work?
fun :p and thanks for the #ff :)
#ff for #nascar and just being an all-around genuine sweetheart :)
#ff ♥ :)
this if you want me to follow you! this now! :)
what can't be found with a search engine? lol :-)
ahahah you can be my best friend :) and no its not that blonde but imma make it like that i think.
cool! me to! :d do you know if you could change your screen name??
yes i do :-)
#ff :)
you are welcome on both accounts. i'm glad we had a chance to talk a little. :)
"if i ever fall in love" by shai :)
thank you for the #ff! :-)
twugs and wishing you a great friday!! #ff ps where's the pizza? :)
on it lady! on it! i fly in like 10! so it'll be a late but awesome arrival! =)
i have all the supplies but no time :) i think its also a stress reliever for me at least
#ff & :)
lemme know where you go :)
haha! definitely not! happy friday! :)
atleast let it be a pretty, badd bish who hates :)
:) will do!
you too =)
great meeting you two today! :)
what is that? :d
thanks for the follow :)
i just found $10 i lost, which means i can still go to town :d and get jeans!
can u follow , she needs 2 more followers :d
i love it. in fact, i need to watch it again soon. i have a deluxe special edition dvd in a metal box. :-)
hey :) is there any chance youll come to canada? (: we will play some hockey, in my igloo, and drink maple syrup :) bahaha.
they're both the same price here: $99.99 .. costco's awesome & i'm cheap. wahaha! naaah. it's reasonable. =)
sharon i got a job! : )
it's mine too ;) where are you on the mosaic? i'll look for you :) (that wasn't meant to sound as s
i'm so spoiled i want certain pple to answer everytime i call #thatsjustme :)
thanks :)
dm!!! :)
the "being a member of that club". i'm up before the alarm goes off, if you take my meaning. :-) #5amfc
most of the time :) oh...such a sweet boy! :)
congrats i heard she's a little picasso! : )
that's a sign :)
#ff becauie she my fairy tale princess : ) lol << yayyyy lol
thank u :-)
exactly :-)
shoutouts :)
