thanks! ;) love the pic :) ♥
playing now. :) as i go to sleep. #lettersfromthesky was just added to on sirius radio! when you hear it!
& she was okay with it :)
hey kavia is truly a miracle baby!! bad times tide by to give something exceptional :)
squee! ursula k leguin!! you lucky sob! post a link when it comes up in the feed, will ya? :d
rofl that move by kubica at the pit lane lights was nothing special, i do it every day on chiswick high road :-) #f1
oh and i love reba!! :)
i may just have to check one out this summer when i drive to chicago for my first time, then see if someone rich wants to get me one :d
the smile :) i dnt need to be at a certain age to be able to smile. everyone should smile daily! =)
so, you gonna get one? :)
late nights with my taco nigga =)
me too!! i could watch the trailer for it over & over again! looks hilarious!! :)
about to go to sleep cuz it's 5am and i'm tired!! i will talk to yall tomorrow! goodnight & may god bless you all! :) ♥
i will dm you the link. :)
haha that move by kubica at the pit lane lights was nothing special, i do it every day on chiswick high road :-) #f1
no problem : ) so joining them for it ?
sama2 sayang♡☺rt okee ka ichaaa!! makasii ya.. you are my role model in indonesian fashion! :) (cont)
haha i like when people interrupt my convos! it makes it more fun! see i'm doing it now! :)
if you love the :)
you going to us? can buy me an ipad :d i'll pay you.
lol!!! he almost did :) glad you made it home safe :) thanks for my chocolate love ya!
no its not its called having a sens of hummer, duhh. lol :p nd alot of ppl like it :)
well 'kay then :) i'm watching fringe w my sister... she's been a hard sell lol have to get up at 7 though, so not too smart ;)
what? at work?! you're so odd :)
thanks alot :) xxx
goodnight, andy. nice debating with you. :)
use it. my issue is you can still have a bad game with every other attachment except the hbs. :-)
tonight into tomorrow morning ... 4am sunday :-)
yaay. i am listed 100 times :d thanks <3.
very generous indeed. we hope she likes it :)
i love your backgrounds :d
shoutout 4 shoutout? :) x
your welcome & you do the same! :) thank u for following me, anytime u want to talk, please give me a shoutout
lol...this party thingy..won't let me do. :d
come on guys! lets play that shoutout for a shoutout game :), we are 9 away from 500 followers lets get us there :) thanks xx
moningg, (: i had an amazing dream last night. i met in my school. i was getting changed from pe and she walked in. :d
pancakes with children. yum yum :-)
just did an easter egg hunt with the littlies in the park finished up just as it started raining hard :-)
thanks for the reco gud day :) #ff
aww...sayang! d: when are you guys free? :)
hehe yeah thx i brainfarted, seems like all access is denied :)
thx dear :) tweet 1045 bwt ka n semua idola q :)
bored. i could be nice and try to go back to sleep. or i could wake others and hope somebody makes me pancakes. =)
:d haha u knw u love me about to choke for hacking into my twitter account but ill spare him cuz he likes my cookin
thanks so much for the rt!! #happybirthdayleedewyze :)
lol okay,i'll do that. haha,thanks for helping. =) you're really sweet. =)
wow wow wow :d almost at 1.ooo lists :d c'mon, we can do it :p ♥
thanks so much ♥ yours is awesome, too. he is just so hot! :)
lol! that move by kubica at the pit lane lights was nothing special, i do it every day on chiswick high road :-) #f1
hehe & not to mention what a baabe he is... :) ♥
that move by kubica at the pit lane lights was nothing special, i do it every day on chiswick high road :-) #f1
thanks :d
what do you think about my tweet below? click to like! click to dislike! thanks :)
wow! well, good luck with your new life in ca. i understand why you made the move now :)
10 super cool social-media infographics :)
follow me back please? thanks :)
oh, i know. i didn't take it that way. :)
how much i've left now? less than you guess... :)
on high note got a rather fancy easter egg in the post today from hotel chocolat... well from and lovely mrs actually :)
one more follower plz? :d <3.
wowwwww! have so much fun :d she is so incredible! the show will blow you away
shots shots shots :)
#jonasbrothers uhm..are my life :) i cant live without them and their music. they really make me happy and i love them,sooo much <3
if i was to see you in real life... umm :)
aww thank u hun :) xxx
no it's fine! :) thanks for the offer though. i'll add you when i next go on there! :)
:) once again u have out done urself..i loved the movie..it really got me thinkin..
i bow to your drinking wisdom oh wise one :-) show me the way tequila shots oh great one. (or have i shown my age already?)
good to meet you as wekll a great gig :)
actually no... i'll go there soon enough :-)
great to see you last night and a good pic :) < cheers chris... the guy front left looks wierd though!
list me please? :)
8 ball says chances are very, very strong. :)
u will enjoy it :) rt@lizgomez92 we will be there later today can't wait
please follow back :)
good morning! :)
yes both but was mainly south, spent 6 weeks there :) wanna go back x
please go follow >> i promise to give u a huge shoutout :)
cool :) im so boreed :x
bouta watch my favorite pornstar kapri styles demolish the dick ! lmaooo #dontjudgeme but i enjoy watching porn =)
just watching and in sister day now :) hehehe / who is chocoopal???
man i want that magazine that had on ustream damn i wish i cud find it barbz!!!< u can get it at walmart! :)
wht type of cereal tho..frosted flakes? :)
ooohhh lmao =) sorry bad with acronyms lol til then im off twitter but if ud like to text me u can =) goodnight handsome
pls follwo me i listed you twice :)
great to know!! have a wonderful #easter ~ ahhh! :) thank you & to you too!
off to work! :)
yeah should be out this aft for a good old fashioned daytime sesh. goinging my old college hangouts :)
thank you :) yes, it's a funny one ;) how are you?
yes im looking forward to seeing my beautiful lesbian! ill give you all my goss! and im in love! :-) xxx
ok... so the new #1 video on vh1 t20 is 'telephone'! way to go girl! :)
lol im seriously gonna go there this year, for the laker parade after they repeat :d
last easter? not sure. not a huge holiday to me but if i have anything to do with it, yep should be one of last missed holidays :)
pls follow back? :)
malaysia final qualifying under streaming rain. perfect :-)
heeeey! how've u been? i miss u! hope all is well on ur side? :)
#6 in the line? wow, you *are* a fanboy! now don't forget to tell other fanboys how it feels like to have an "iprecious" :-)
thankyou :) i'm good, thanks. how old are you?
april is the best month :)
but apart from that everyone in relation everyone married are greatly happy.... :-) too happy...
