shooting in the studio! yaya finally doing something :d
alright you two. that's enough. i'm not sending you checks for being so nice to me! lol :)
bestie just scooped me up, we headin to the movies :)
pretty much :d
s/o to long lost love of my life :-)
it is my job! lmao our studio is there & we put in 20-30hrs a weekend. :)
yeah... have to wake up early and blog :)
i know! my page is mess up! i need 12 more! :)
ha! i'm watching fringe right now too :)
excellent! now get everyone else to see it that way :) hahaaa
just saw this. and its no prob babe! thanx 4 the help boo! =)
i have an ipad mini already, an iphone/touch. :-) so, who's getting an ipad tomorrow?
thx for the shout out! have a gr8 wkend! :)
your picture is making me hungry. must find chocolate! :)
relaxin right now :) how are u?
i don't mind if i do chocolate cake ne1? :d
follow me please! it would mean a lot! :)
ahhhhh where did my day go?? oh yes! watching scifi tv with the michael karakash :) good times
laura is my fh who lives next door, haha! :)
yoo yoo whats guuuu :)
thankss :) i`ll dedicate my 11,000 tweet to youu :)
every day, i build my tolerance up for ppl that choose 2 fuck with me :) it's ok. ''they know not what they do" lmao...
im good & i knw :/ i miss ya no prob =)
hey just popping my head in to say thanks to all of you for the #ff's.. you all are so very wonderful. :-) now i'm popping out again. :-)
the facetted glass is cool bc facets come out from center 2 edge like rays. i received my new soldering iron 2day, so can start :)
watching twilight with harley :d
no problem! i hope that catches on. :d
here we go again..stupid broadcasters sayin lebron is da best player blah blah blah!..umm *mute*! :)
just watched justin's performance on the kca's again. <3 i swear, everytime i see him on tv, i scream, then hug my tv :)
just saw in the latest hba alumni newsletter :-)
aiming at another kannagi-like incident? :d
for 12 months, my dear. you were on super slim plan... :)
that's great to hear! :)
keri you're such a barbie! i love it :)
#ff ty tjp :) happy easter to you & your girls.
ladies follow the sexy asap ! he a good look yall know i wouldn't lir to u =) $
awesome. safe travels :)
mii fav disz cutee sissy =)
one music fest/yr is my fill :) sounds like a crazy scene tho!
if you would be so kind as to ask mr. to unblock me i would appreciate it. i promise i won't bite :-)
what up huggie! have a dope weekend! djculture :)
it just showed the 10th! :) #lost
thx for the #ff luv...much appreciated :-)
boris the spider? lol :)
new photo(: going to sit at the fire. :d dm's are always good. hint hint (:
i think, that's why it's made there ... :-) did unterstand, that it just suggest to take place in iran ...
what level hockey do you play? me and my friends should come cheer you on in toronto :)
and some spelling lessions or is that just me :-)
you're welcome :)
it looks good :d the only thing is, i have a small screen, so it goes to the right xd and i'll send you my new coding
thanks babe :)
haha okay :d
1 please? :)
this is all chloe's fault. :) #smallville
i hope to turn in my card on tuesday ;-) what they are planning now makes me wish i did it wed. :-)
. more people say they want it, the more chance we can figure something out! also, we will look into more blogging features :)
i'm trying to recruit people to vote for so please, if you can, vote!! :) :)
thanks!!! :)
in copenhagen now... looking forward to the 4th :-)
i still think tatto hurt so bad... *claps* mimi is pretty brave! :d now she can fight with a dragon! yay!
i'm a good writer, and a good listener. you could be a journalist :)
awn awn awn my love :d
thats when i look at youuu :)
this if you love and wanna get him to 10,000 followers! :)
thx :) ☮fun2follow☮☞ ◯nモ ㄥ◯vモ #mgb ❀
hi :) what's up?
lol don't that. i am really asking. haha :)
thanks! i knew she was about to pop. was a nice surprise to come home to :)
look at all these familiar faces. :-) (#smtv live at )
sounds good! tues/thurs work best for me :d
thanks honeybee :) i am from philippines i am rose a saula fan :)
still playing "bowser's inside story" on my new nintendo :) ive been worthless today...
why isn't anyone following !! do it do it do it gogogogo :)
thanks! c'mon over!!! :d __nice. did u start this with the guitar?
yay! off work early =)
thanxx invit nya alia :) cuppss
photo: it’s very windy up here!!! (i have to yell so you can hear me) :)
i was feeling really down earlier...i feel better now tho... :)
aww that movie is awesome you're gonna love it babes :)
awh i love :)
have a great weekend!!! // you have a great week end also : )
do youu know it's a myth that chocolate makes you spotty, my dermotolgist told me :)
gossip and the everyday productions of politics suena interesante para esta epoca :d vamos a ver si lo leemos ;)
ditto :-) but being sweary isn't enough. the newspaper reports do not support your tweets.
whos up for a bit of chinese laundry action :-)
meus amoreeeees =) (@isakuli live on
#ff my ace boon coon go back like polo anoraks! =) love ya dude!
#ff :)
eating brownie bites with :)
look im in hooters commerical :) you look so cute!!!
wth! you stay away from my elliot (and uh, my mike! and my bear!!) you wench!!! :)
we just finished dying fingers & eggs! :)
i'm getting a burrito from hugos, then to crazy girls in hollywood :)
5th!!! usher u make me wanna :)
#nodisrespectbut you should know i'm #nowplaying the new game of #123rf.com to win my #ipad! n, read before u play! :)
like this? :)
250 tweets in an hour .. hmmm that possible :)
order some pizza :) lmao
my sincere gratitude for your : )
i don't know about ya'll but i had enough fun with my random tweets :) mental time is over. lol <33
