cillin with my czin :d anyway do u hav msn ? dm me (:
okaay, everyone tell mee what they think of myy new profileee :) <3
it's ipad day! :)
followed even if i'm not the first :)
have fun :d xxx
i made a new video of u. if u see it, then i hope u like it :) (cont)
hope your easter weekend with pooh is wonderful. smiles from the other side of the pond. :-)
aww thankyou :) : yeah! is so right! i love your tweets..
4 more people go follow & i'll give you a shoutout! :)
have you got any plans for today? :)
dxmn.. yall should let me join. =)
chyeahh lol....well im out lol...sweet dreams joey :)
i want 700 followers! tell me if u want me to follow back =)
final: tue 9.30 pm at flags? all in? :)
so you get chocolate and beer today :) happy birthday!
aussie beliebers! what's jb doing on mtv? :)
thank you..sorry i missed your goodnight last night :)
hows it going :) ♫
thank you amy. :) i'm dying to get back to the gym. feeling so weak after the hospital.
haha, not really. but, i'll have a nice free lunch :) em x
way to scary... hope its not true.. yes! sounds scary no?? :)
thank u!!!! ^_^
that sounds a whole lotta fun! :d lol
haha i'm considered a "mild" chilli eater in my family but i made pasta with fresh cut chillies and chillie flakes :d
:) learning every day ..
planning my trip to sydney right now :) for performance on the 25th of april xd who will i see there!?
okay, im gonna try this sleep thing again, g'night :d
quick what does it say? :-)
can u follow me back plz :)
your welcome :) xxx
maybeee . but look !jasmine vill is a filipino rite? btw, i dnt really like the girl in nlyg ,jasmine's better :)
hey bengsky :) been a while yah whats up?? long time no see hehehe
of course. i prayed tho i'm good :) watch out for tha crazy folks at this time of night!
boleee taruhannya apa niih? :d aku megang chelsea ya hahaha
ellos :) why after docs :p
follow me back please? thanks :) ;)
eire funky :) /via b2b sir henrys house!
which means that we're actually playing at 1 in the morning :d
follow me back thanks baby :)
if you're belieber, follow me, ill follow u back :)
ha. i have one now :) thanks though. i changed the name :)
yeah :) ill try if i can get back in time. yeh can't wait now, more excited to just get away for a bit. bet you are for tour!
oke :) follow back ya
thanks man :)
nice n romantic :) sumthin so ordinary as way u moved hair off my forehead said all those things i wish u wud sumtimes say
so...sometime these holidays i'm gonna make a personal twitter :)
i am exiting now. :d bye bye :p
:-) #tweepcare
billy is sleeping on my body :) i love it <3 ta lueng uh??? oiii
oh haha fair enough :p goooood :) xx
xd thanks :)
summer girl we a di easter< summer< winter< autum<spring<girl :)
noo that one was fun. okay we all were lookin stupid cause of this glasses but it was fun :d
awww thank you :d
i'd say yes you cant leave it on its own now can you :)
no my name is weird haha. oh it's nice to meet you chanelle :d where are you from?
i love my sister is the best << :) :)
okay.. thanks =)
hey whats up dear? how r u today??? :)
follow >> << and keep following! you know you wanna rape that sexy button on her page! :)
ooh thanks! :d enjoy stirling!
i was on virgin till a month ago its kakk man lol :) i'm on sky now much better :)
thank you!! =) much love.
whomsoever started that fight at pure!!! drink a bleach martini :) thnx
good :) so what r u planning for today?
gallifrey our childhood etc etc. love it. i love the tinkly childlike musical box bit in the middle. :)
yess of course :)
well done on your egg :d i am still eggless :( can i whinge?
im going to need for you to stop the nasty talk & go to bed...thank you :) *a special message from
:) "niveous blanche & the heptapygmies?" "great, mr disney! just great." "hm. nah.. we'll go with the 'snow white' idea."
thanks for #ff :)
trying to resist the urge to sing 'oh what a beautiful morning!' at the top of my lungs on the train. hello sun! ~ sing!! :)
ummmmmmmmmmmmmmm idk,.. ill think of something :)
lol i mean it is funny tho.... :)
she sounds like a very excited girl i hope it is a great day :)
q:how badly do you wanna get down & dirty with justin bieber on a scale from 1-100 ... a:100 :d
comedy show, club, fashion show, tacos, hookers...fun night! :)
work. ew i look skank. ahh well :)
is so hot, am i right? :)
(correction retweet) hey everyone support and follow cyndi lauper's (@shebop_aka_cyn) new equality campaign :)
sweet saturday to spain =)
hiii! :)
oooh books are always good. i've been reading about the ladies of llangollen, so def. going to plas newydd. :)
thanks, dear :) i'm gonna give you too, wait :>
if you want to be listed :)
thanks for you #ff and you were right some big showers this morning. gave you a wave as we drove through bodmin yest :)
satnight with family tonight :d
how are u hun? :d <33
please follow me :) i love you!
ahhahaa i know it makes up for all the concerts i'll miss while i'm gone :d
hahaha i really cant believe but im listening to can i have this dance from hsm3 :d haha; awsome.
you know it got you here in may? cee killed it tonight =) hk tonight j?
justin mj will live forever and you will too! ill make sure of it you are a lengend in my eyes! :d
early night 4 u tonite then! or pwer nap this afternoon if yr out on the tiles later! :)
lmaoo, whats up? && its never good to hold back! so thats good you did that :)
ask me something :)
that's good! :)
really? fucking awesome! :d
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
