wow! i just saw music video "kissin' you" wow! awesome music video! i love it & the song! just made me feel much better! :d
yo te recomendaria the haunting of connecticut :) dpana me parecio mucho mejor q drag me to hell!
thank you :)
hi. i thought you should know that she dropped some l-words on me last night. i'm soooooo happy. :d
hi devan, i'm cj...thanks for following, as you see...i followed back. ^_^
ha i was afraid you wouldn't get it. it's from a song by deep blue something called...wait for it...breakfast at tiffany's :)
#peopleshould #juststfu & get along or ignore the people they don't like #shoutouttodagirlz that do just that =)
and despite my stepmother's bad influence i have thus far avoided any plans to go to the shoe outlet :-)
g2g tell you everything leter :d xoxo
"alonso gets great style scores for this spin, but it won't help him in the race." lol alex. < :d
its 4:20 am in nyc :)
lacie petit hard disk is een mooi ding :)
such a fun day full of exciting adventures! i really love ca, so glad we only live 4 hrs away :)
for sure :) make sure you follow us back on it <33
hahaha.loh,emang bener kan lebay malang makin parah ??? ih jahat nih lebay madu :)
it's cool :) i know how life gets sometimes.
#followsaturday ! one by one , unlimited :d
yes...let the war begin :d
i am a sag lmfao!! my bday is dec 4 :)
all cuddled up with a good read and some hot chocolate :)
refollow me please :) love ya
يسعد اوقاتك كلها رفيق :)
yes :) haha we shall wander around and search for a life and along the way meet intersting people and get drunk :)
has she been to istanbul? because it's the city i live and people usually come here when they're in turkey for their holiday :)
hysterical song. the music is great, the lyrics are a total wreck, and it's all awesome. :)
right back atcha :) #pink
dang i neeeed my bedded! --- you need me-- i do :) on your way yet?
just had a good long talk with my dad. heading to bed after a great day... : )
are you having your birthday today? whoohoo! *throws mamutopia in the air* enjoy! :) #passmesomecakepls
no ma'am i'm off. pero see ya at toucans?! :d
watchu up to love :)
damn right; always use a condom when having sex with a hot pie. shees; what an ijjit. :)
boy you live half way across the world : )
on the phone with gage having a heart to heart, haha :)
and that is why i love you...ur so whats the right word? inspirational... let me stop im gettin into simp mode =)
b4 i go 2 sleep i just have 2 say i think sexy should follow me! :)
that was such a brilliant sleep there :d
so i wanted to thank for the hospitality as always, but he disappeared! xoxox for jonny, see you sunday :)
lmfao itss overr hunn :d ill dm u dont wana say it out loud
hi, tnx for following and have a great weekend :)
:) i ♥ my mom (via
what good is all $ if it doesn't buy time? what good is being famous if i'm never on ya mind? :)
i was not . unfortunately :)
:d i know.....but some r already waving the enemy flag. i am fine, nite was ok...even though it was short
q:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovyljmi9a90 this video sucks... a:thanks for the view :) lmfao
guess what i'm listening to...? :d
refollow me please :) it means alot if u do.. <3
come the fuck on =) chris is drunk as fuck lmao
that refreshing to know, i'm not the only one didn't have sex last night. and majority are very beautiful :) just like me :)
this if you smile when you saw justin bieber is on trending :)
most probably getting my new headphones today if i can find anything i like :d
well bed time for me! nighty night everyone! :) &' love youu! <3 xox
i am too '.. i can say he is my life :) lol
hey, thanks for the shoutout :)
for reallll ! :) ill kill you in your sleep . lol
#infolimit is on limit. this pls :)
hell yeahh! i'm still tryna go to a rave! i'm hella down for edc this summmerrr :)
thanks dara for yr kind words :)
a trip to the zoo :)
:-) u welcome
#infolimit is on limit. this pls :)
on the fast train! be prepared for excited tweets :)
you really are a good friend :)
happy bday sexyyy lady! :) lol
#infolimit is on limit. this pls :)
<wow, this is gr8 & exciting news!!> welcome to the weekend breakfast with thomas!!! on air until 10am :)
plans for today : read, eat, guitar, tv, eat, music, shopping, shopping, eat, shopping, shopping, chill, tv, eat, guitar, sleep. ahhhh =)
lol thanks hunni, glad you approve :)
to those of you who were asking why it was the best day ever. it was the best because i know i have the best fans in the world. : )
definately awesome. :) (@imageshack user)http://yfrog.com/47photormj
i had such a good night with him....hmmmmm :) #thatisall | aww yay!
follow!--->@justinspeeps :)
:d owww nothing much. just tweeting. haha hbu? ur welcome :) thankyou too!
so, is jibike's brother... hmmm! small world :)
its almost noon & i just woke!! :s well anyways good morning :)
welcome to australia! mr garibay :)
thanks for yongtaufoo! now having qt watching dvd "from paris w ♡" featuring :) xoxoxo
really looking forward to following :) hello and nice to tweet you.
angieee, you're the cutest! i would die for your eyelashes! :d
ok or ill buy 2 and we can share them :d
thanks honey, is very beautiful :) kisses xoxo <3
ur welcome :) ahh thanks! xo
its a bit dry! but hey the carnival starts today!!! :-)
hrithik's singing 'roshan'! plz :)
thank you! :) have a great easter too!
lmfao okay okay u know i was kiddin *hands u a platinum psp* :)
yes, pancakes and qualifying here this morning! :-)
-haha! i'm here. you can now talk.. i won't make u bored anymore.. :d
nite :)
<< follow now : )
just did 2 illegal u-turns to say heyyy to :) totally crushin
i have to best cuddle buddy when i go home :)
i cliiickked :d
hehehe... i'm fear, i'm really a very boring person ... :)
smileeee everyone. :d (i can't keep this facade of happiness up much longer)
i can relate to too drunk :)
thank you so much for the #ff dear :-)
#peopleshould follow me :d cuz im funny nd mad cool 8-)
you're onny tv :)
the 4438 mascots are hitting baguio, batangas and davao today! be on the look out for 4 walking numbers! :)
