tyvm for your kind rts/mentions! :) | thx.
life as usual :d :d btw i have started trekking its so much fun.. wonder why i didnt do it before :)
i only saw one lol but you put all three tt's together cleverly :-)
thanx neo what ya'll gettin into after the movie < nothin... its past my bed time! =)
follow she is new in twitter :d
i got like 30 followers after one twitcam.. pretty impressive need to do that again ?! :) sorry i just realized
my prayer tonight will be that i may always treat others, how i would like to be treated :)
hey wanna know something funny? :)
i got ma first block!!!! :d but y it had to be by this irrelevant bitch ---->
you're in line for an ipad! that's all the fuckin cred you need for these troglodytes. :)
only child minding my son, think my bedroom got a bit stuffy, need to open a window in future, first night in new house :-) x
congratsss bfc putri 70!!! ♥♥ dll :) :) :)
get a free house! no loans no mortgage yours for free
you can now ... visit join for free :-)
:) sup?
though day at the office ahead: 4x 2000…hope i can fix on of the guys to help with pacing (use some dog eyes & sweet smile :)
jacob hoggard from hedley and i :d
yay! well, im in the house heading to bed! :) g'night!
omg thankyou so much for the shoutouts , i appreciate it :) <3
dang so am i the only 1 who assumes #maybe means #yes ...maybe means yes point blank period...dnt #no me #fuckouttahere. thx&goodnight :)
good night! i wish i had some boring stories to tell, i'm afraid i'd keep y'all awake :)
omg- that`s great. put here on twitter too. i`ll follow her :-)
psycho was friggin awesome thanks for askin :)
good morning everyone! today i'm going to the beach, eat fish and sun to enjoy :d
oh that's nya just ask or bale809 about her they'll fill you in on all the details, lol :)
ooohhh they rollin up the dodie. :)
follow me. :d plixx
good morning loves :d let's tweet :p
thank you! :) xx
we did...did you two have a good time? i had both kiddies today, and ditched them for the night. :) now i'm sleeeeppppppyyyyyy!
please follow me back girl :) it would honestly mean so much <33..........
went to the hungry cat in h'wood. bummed a clove off of shane from the l word! :) now at the well chilling! fun night! :)
hey jasmine :) how are u? ...................
while was interviewed is at the back wearing something red. :)
please follow me back girl :) it would honestly mean so much <33.....
i'll be waiting nervously to hear what you think :)
now following :)
night!! :-)
i got knocked down to the "edge" but i'm also in douglas :)
yay!! thanks for the awesome page, :) everyone go follow!! xx
please follow me back girl :) it would honestly mean so much <33...
sushi tei pim waiting list with paupau » serrrr :d
yes i'm fine :)
good morning! i've been watching paris hilton's my new bff :) haha but now i'm on twitterrrr :) yay! lol :d
if i aim yo girl i bet she store me me =)
she probaly is. xd she's so pretty and nice too. i kinda feel bad. but, tonight, he loves me. :) so, i don't care right now
please follow me back girl :) it would honestly mean so much <33..
i love you edwin :) you make heart smile no matter what regardless what you do your my girl, i luv u.
good morning. no, the eggs are still in the chicken waiting to get laid. you could call them hidden, i guess :)
cge! mya ulit :)
missed walking through the park in ploiesti... way to long... :)
please follow me back girl :) it would honestly mean so much <33.
switching to autopilot. goodnight #wetdreamsaboutchris =)
had a good day overall :)
im there :) where ya from anyway lil tink tink
film nya tuch ttg band the titans yg gak naek clash kata tmn gue. he3x. joking2.. :) #clash of the titans#
getting ready for my live boracay report in tv patrol :-)
& christina aguilera :) enjoy!
..him sa facebook and ask if siya nga yun. siya nga! haha. then that marked the start of our friendship :)
yup! i watch drumline vids at 12:45am :d
i'm at party and there's a bunch of new faces. thankfully is helping to turn my day around :)
they would just tell you to chill out and give you a xanax, it's a win-win in their mind :)
well off to bed i got a full day of slow cookin to do for easter sunday dinner :)
actually nobody should be taxed :) but if we get taxed, so should churches
lookin fwd to spending the day in monterey 2morrow w/the fam & going to the aquarium. :)
anything you wish :)
love you girlie...always here for ya. :) have a good knight. :)
heyy x can i have a shoutout please ? im 40 away from 500 :d xx mean a lots
hahha okay lol and he has the same bday as me :) lol
happy birthday!!! have a great day!! :-)
hhmmm feeling good :d i never won any contest online yet so even this small gift matter a lot to feel good ;)
nah, don't say that. everyone has equal chances! :d
can you help me to get more followers? im new :)
thanks victor, can't wait to start working with you soon. i'm sorry if your job description grew today, hehehe. :d
rt: follow me back? :)
please remember to tag and geotag your 4am photogaphs! :) more info here: pls rt!
so.. .. #tweetups are great, except for the "tweewting" part. (soo busy) ;) so happy everyone of u could make it tho!! ! :)
i'm here! laughing & racking my brain for something witty to add :)
goodmorning :) last day of #yec today! share ur pics & feedback with us & tell us what u think! also, thanks for all ur kind #ff's yesterday
i still like eddie jordan even if he's got a sweat problem this morning :-) #f1
oh okay! ;) naww dont worry im mot going either :)
the new batman movie looks good.... :d
lemon, meet scrappy & the rev << umm, hullo! *waves* :)
yes and ongoing- jesus is being remodeled to the right. i look forward to hearing about it in your godlessgirl podcasts :)
not a problem :-) #ff
saw the phenomenauts, hannah and some burlesque dancing. it was a good start to a good weekend :)
hope you feel better :)
☂ there you go sunshine. hope it keeps you dry. =) cheer up buttercup lol
mmmm. howld are you? btw| this is twitter everybody knows :)
yea...i think you should go to sleep...your mind is still going hu? i think you might need a rest :(. take care loveee youu :)
i bought chicken, mom is cooking :d (for tomorrow)
108 times listed. thanks so much :d
#omgfact dale thomas is a faggot that cant play football #juststfu if u dont agree :)
lol its okay, haha i knew what u meant, i was just teasing :)
hey jasmine :) how are u? ......................
:) makes me smile when people have to put so much effort into other things to compensate for they're faces
perez hilton is secretly in love with justin :)
have a nice lunch, is some of ice cream stil left, plz put it up at go forum, we love ice cream :) :)
can't even explain my excitement for baseball season to start up. :)
welcoming as my new twisyon...eee haaayyy bubu :d
some things are *far* more important than money. or money issues. :)
