its supposed to. i haven't listened to music through my phone for the longest time. =/ its supposed to work though =)
who wants to talk? :d
haha thanks hun! ;) but he's sooo rebelious :d
i shampooed my barbie dolls hair :) it smelt pretty!! then fell out... fail! >:|
indeed...i should be sleep but reading her tweets for laughs! definitely :)
hahaha ohhh shit,thats hilarious,i was a mess.thank you tho :d
just britneybliss. :) and i also have a few fan pages. one sec for links.
i don't know, from an article i think :)
ya know,i think that liam is hot :) and him and miley make a perfect couple (: #liley ♥
im fine, how are you? :)
its all about the placement of the :) or the ;)
hahah its xander :)
i am tweeting lol, how bout you :)
yayy, my berry is no longer naked.. got a skin finally frm :)
hi, dear :) what's up? ;)
my new selena gomez bg! :d
long time no see! how's life treatin' ya? :-)
shut up and watch the movie. :)
hot dogs are amazing. i'm not judging. :)
nottt wit datt real bidnesss : )
you got that :)
whats up jbaby :)
you can be my girl i don't care what they say...< :)
q:follow back yaa :) a:followed :)
thanks for the follow. :)
i'm trying for shoutouts, but i think as we upload more bgs & people use it, we'll get more followers :)
follow back please? :)
could you follow me back pls? :)
i suspect i am, indeed, deadlier :)
me voy a dormir, chauu twitterworld :)
now that i know i will not be on the island tomorrow, i can do all the things i didnt do earlier, tomorrow/later. =)
:) i made it so the users can choose fixed or full :) i prefer fixed.
the new button is not so good to use, try to by the normal way =)
ur a leo trust me shell like u lmfaooo leos are cool :)
bahaha!...but in the summer i just want to live in a freezer! haha! :)
wow. haha,your fluent at tagalog? :)
#finally going to bed :) good night everyone!
what what what ?? :-)
i'm not maryse sweety.. i'm a fan of hers.. maryse's account is :)
enjoy your lunch! :)
thinks 4 day weekends should be every weekend -> that would be lovely! :)
okay.... i kinda changed my mind for a little while... gonna back up the computers real quick like... :)
goodnight :d
congrats! i'm very happy for you :)
aww u got into the rude boy yup :)
may i call you're sweetyj ? :) ♥ its the nickname i wanna creat just for you :)
you must be from pearl harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.!!! :d #blindquotes
that's :)
sunbathing at the balcony sounds like a good idea. :)
i wanna swim in the choc pool lol with my mouth wide open haha def better than newer one brings bk childhood memories :) x
thank you ! :)
finally a night where i can get wasted and enjoy myself :)
"siapin mkn ayooo 3 store jam 7 teng guys ya,ada king of panda,seems,touch the sky and sutha :)
i wanna make some icons for yooou :d pleeeeease tweet me if u want one .. i make icons from every celeb ;) everything that u want :p
morning tworld!! :)
thanks for coming through :) #appreciateyou !! (via
:) that's good.
well you've introduced me 2 a lot of diff. artists tonight so thx! have a great easter weekend :) & yes alison krause rocks!
gud noon ji :)
k ready ? :)
all i've been eating these 2 weeks is junk food :d
so fucking high! so happy i could die! :) haha
wud she sit with us and enjoy? :d
make anotha song 4 the moneyyyy :)
runnin off 3 hrs of sleep the past two days this gonna b some great sleep... #pandora days!!!!!!! :)
yousef_e sk8 day or nite...just do it!! lol make that shiiiiiiit happen...its fo life!!!! =)
nina.. in your words, in your class... what does learning look like? :) (thanks for great comment)
talk to me pls, i'm bored to death :d
gonna miss yah all >< yup, i will :d
you are welcome :)
and was he able to see my icon? i'm not sure, hehe. :)
brilliant! i will add it to the book the second i'm back :) xoxo
i have lots of celeb crushes like justin justin justin .. lmaooo :)
:) makasi dolly
is watching steve aoki tonightttt!!!! yessssiiirrrr!!! :d *doing the chicken dance
your whole being is beautiful"..<-- :)
whatching on disney channel right now ^_^
mabuti :) awww love the fact that you love the philippines so much :d representttt!
greetings phil oh & of course & & & & & :-)
probably wasn't a great idea to post that pic, huh? :)
i wanna call you... j-veezy. haha, like t-sweezy (taylor swift).. nevermind, i'll just call you jasmine v :)
i can't wait to go home abis itu ke sency ketemu semuanya! :) luv
heya good morning twitter :)
hello to all my new followes! *waves* :)
big thank you to all those who downloaded and are actually giving me feedback on the epic 2....thanx..iluv y'all :)
that'd 5 pints of tea, i'll give it a go, wish me luck :-)
currently browsing: my first ipad app :) me so happy ;)
thanks :d
bahaha. you should learn how to spell before you party.education first. :d
hi! :) when can we do ocular? :))
yeah. pria berbuat tanpa berpikir and it makes me think that they re irresponsible :) *okay ga smw si, but i know who re on my list*
i vote you and make a claymation with those play-doh ilse and moritz :d
ability + effort + attitude = success :)
thank you for the #ff mentions. have a nice weekend friends :)
yang mau di follow/follow back?? dan yang baik tolong di :)
watch labs recital gkj with congrats for labs recital 2010 committee, good job! :)
q:udah ya, ask balik doong ;p a:okay :)
<damnn how many team minaj is there? <over a 100 :d
