ahaha thaaaanks...... got an ideas yet? ahhaa pretty hard to do them... i'm doing a song or rap... ahaha :) <33
night bby :)
gingerbread men turned out awesome!!! getting pizza and watching a very potter musical :d
happy easter weekend to you :)
uhmmm not much. just tweetin'. :) wby?
good morning tweet people..... just slept 3 hours :/ getting ready to head to new jersey--- coffee, shower & out to nj :d
lmao :) oovoo is a webcam thingy u use it 2 keep in touch with ur friends n its jus so fun.team minaj should have a webchat
follow me pls, i really love you, u are awesome!! :d
night went nowhere near planned! but its cool, got my lil man sleep next to me now. i really love this kid! =)
ah, the main character in this movie is the same guy who plays as jack sully from the movie avatar! i love him :)
gooooodnite! spent my first day of spring break with my boyfriend :) loveleeeey! xoxo
i'll send u the pictures :)
welcome in da house :)
hahaha, be intrested then :)
the last two days i'm gonna be in tokyo. harajuku got plenty of #kattun stuffs :d i don't mind if i go there :d
hiya :d well i was painting my room and cleaning >.< no time for the mafia lolz.. what about u :d <3
pen is in my mouth :d
hello twitter. :)
just arrived home from alcantara :) ranna and had so much fun reading words <.< and even though we haven't watched...
what the fuck nahi. ass fuck. :d
lost count fu free drink on me. i. getz ta choose da drink :)
tommy an adam are havin fun together :)
oh lawd.. i can only imagine. :)
i'm up!!! :) lol
ouh okay thanks :d
stayin with melissa again :)
happy birthday paris! my best wishes for you. :) have a great day. you are my best friend forever. :) i love you sooo much my princess. ♥
:) hmmm /thinks of song.
fiiiiiiiiiiiiiine. /doesnt tell the rest of the story. :) and can you send me the link to joe saying what the fuck? :d
chilling in frangaa with some bogans smoking :)
naaww thnx :p okeyy i will :)
you* i mean xx :)
:) yay thanx so much, i literally was dancing round my room to ur video haha. how was your birthday?
yeah! :) your welcome don't let them bring ya down they'll just be people who are jealous (:
btw movie has a koo lil product placement for the #powerfingerstee :) thnkx 4 the shirt
i have no idea what i'm talking about :d ooooh awesome! one friend of mine bagging me to go...but i will spend all money att pp!
#jonasbrothers are everything to me cos their music inspire me. :d <3
hahha.. mag apply ka nlng din ng fa! haha pareho namn kami ni naexcite for you! :d
yes really hunn :)
urg! spelled beautiful wrong! but still a great pic. (its me) just thought i would show it since i love it! :)
i'm good :) hbu? uhh who are you anyway? lol.
first time we've seen the sun in 3 days, yes! hello sun! :)
yep, they're real. haha, :)
next easter i'm going to be so set! vinegar during boiling and for dyeing! thank you two. =)
workout, shower, dinner, and then back to the library. 4 days until la. =)
lol, yeah i'm good like that :)
sick :d i can't wait to do this! umm i'm not sure, maybee.. do you wanna do an interview as well in person? or jus email?
ok....im going 2 bed! :) night night every1! :) talk 2 every1 2morrow! :)
i have watched every one of your videos and my new favorite is never let you go. i love your videos!! :)
may be maksud lo :) may.. aja deh! jadi, lo weekend yg mana? (cont)
i love davey havok. :) he is my hero... and oliver. :) what beautiful men. :)
ok bgt sshheenn...me likeeyyy ;);) ntar bbm-an yah.. gimana? ok gak? at crown plaza... :)
that wasn't the point! i caught a 16 lb crappie in ky once on the lake dad had a small trailer on for fishing vacations. :d
wow wow . helloo =)
awww... thanks ♡ 1700 for :d haha
so true. although it is slightly amusing how it just doesn't fit. :)
sana easter sunday na =) wish a wish a wish wish wish!
may be maksud lo :) may.. aja deh! jadi, lo weekend yg mana? april's ag
i love how my timeline is always full :) i'd hate to only follow like 5 people! that's why i follow 3,000+ :d
hmm..is that special edition? its pure white =) heyyy, i tot u had one longchamp..arent you? hehe ;p
heyy :) please follow me :)<33
ohk you could always go on youtube or something, i like :d
nope, everything's all right ! =) why oh why? bad saturday by now !
and ill give you nothing less :)
happpy easter! :) ily
good morning, time to work :-) van ree!
oh my lanta ! one more til 3oo , that`s so aggravating lmao . lend me a follower ?

*puppy dog eyes* :d
loving android on my netbook awesome work :-)
expectations lead to disappointments :) :) :)
met a junior high friend at campus. it’s a miracle she still remembers my name :)
i really like u :)....i'm excited for my birthday! & to c what u have in store for me :) i may (cont)
hey! we have lawns and ocean in ney york too you know!? lol long island city, coney island, up state has a lotta lawns :-)
shoulda been in the house #teamthick ??? yes yes yes :) maybe lol
just worried abt you :-)
tomorrow no work-easter! :) we will eat eggs for breakfast as a symbol of new life.did you see my cakes? ;) pity you can't try.
congrats! you deserved the title... make us, kulasas, prouder than we already are... :)
hmmm.. i need to get to 200 followers & to 2,300! wish me luck! :) :)
boo time =) night twitter!
justin biebers on mtv. love my life :d
sure!! i'll tag you now! =)
the movie was incredible! btw i love the white queen's castle :)
shout out to my 280th follower
>> << congrats :d
best answer so far to the problem of what to say to door-to-door god-botherers: "i'm really happy with atheism." :d
thanks for following me you've made my weekend :-)
yeah am up & down fair bit over next few months so next time defo! glad new job is amazing :)
:d so what chu up to?
ohh hehehee dah ngerti aku makasi jaki :) disamping itu di bawah home
video: i think i’m falling in love with justin bieber! :) haha! the voice plus the cute face. :) i didn’t...
bntar mau nonton vierra dan ‎​happenstance :) okeee see you afc ! hihi
im finna have all my ladies working at the flame :) waitressing of course!!! boy we'd make millions :)
#jonasbrothers are everything to me cos their music inspire me. :d <3
if filipinas are whore what else more with your mom?! :d
me me! :)
follow if you want me to dm justin for you! :)
happy ipadurday all! i know what and have planned today. :-)
[dbsk] i love how hard micky and the rest are laughing at junsu's fail english :d
congrats on the victory 2day mate..! :d
my dad has the household version of radioshack in his garage :-)
haha watever. .eeee loco for 4 locos. .ok and remember i would do anything for u cuz ur a really cool friend :)
u guys have watched? we are ! me and :d eager to catch 'clash of the titans'. anyone?
