i'll list the next who follows : 10 times ! :)
just get me 20 also, so i will be at 5,235 :) lets goo.
follow them plz :) :) n <=former member
aww thanks for helping :)
this would be wonderful :) >>> is giving away $100 visa cash cards every day from www.esmarttax.com
that is fantastic news! hopefully number 1 next week! :)
same, i dont really mind about driving :p but itle be nice :) xx
is that your t-shirt? // yes ka! :d that was stanley, thx ..
hahaa..nooo..outside of our group :) you n latief ya? :prt it takes at least 2 (cont)
wot a trilliant song : ) i love entire album that 1!!!
i'll list the next who follows : 10 times ! :)
why? is he not risen? or does jesus have to be dead for 3 days every year? every day is a happy easter day! :)
good idea! will head up to the shop for pringles and m&ms! :d
i happily give them to you free of charge :)
follow--->@biebertweeps now!! :d
love uuuuu guysss had a blaaaaast tonight!! with and : )
hola ! i'm sittin here rollin off tweets about a song we heard last night ugh too funny its early! 230 :) n u?
dming them for you :)
was great to see you in q2. good luck tomorrow!! go get heikki! :) xx
oh no.. its ok.. no need to make a big deal of it.. lets just drop it.. =)
:d hey sean follow me ?? i know i always ask that :/
then u a perfect woman. =)
followed :d btw i wanna off, thanks for the shoutout :d
goodmorning! god bless u too...rt goodmorn' to y'all.....god bless! :)
yo dudette! ....how you doing, long time no see, all well at your end?? :) xxx
thanks so much for :) :) hope ur having a brilliant time & happy easter weekend!
the feeling after you just finished a shitload of homework :)
csl bluberry phone meet n greet with at itc roxy mas :)
yes ka! :d that was stanley, thx ..
lots of people coming up to the fp table, saying 'i know you from twitter'. far cry from orbital two years ago!! :)
awwww you're sweet :) <3
haha thank you :d
make shure you follow please follow :)
you've missed out puke, that happens quite regularly after a heavy night out the day before. :-)
it's okk!! :d
awhhh happy easter to you too :)
here it is ! really hilarious! :) a cuteness break ! cats with an attitude:
i always wonder why women think men are wired in a certain way and they "women" are not wired in their own way too :d #random
but not yet :)
omg cheryl's song from her album on the #f1!! :d rain on me :d :d
^_^ sagittarius woman likes to explore and learn new things, she will not refuse if you suggest her to experiment in sex
#nowplayyin drake " successful " i won't the money money and the cars cars in the clothes , fuck these hoes i just wanna be successful :)
41 more till 1000 :d . help ? please .:d i'll help you back <3
it is rather good, glad you agree! i totally misread it the first time round too aha. :)
omg jealous! how much was it? we don't even hv it here! got lollipop gd580 red colour as my new phone :d
shopping now then bk to football then! bliss :) just seen look alike, tryed to get a pic, bt 2 awkward lmao
yeah. :d still amazing though. <3
just teasing :-) you are right for a marriage to survive 17 yrs takes lots of hard work and, yes, maturity. seriously, well done!
lucky you hope you get it :)
then you should be supporting cambridge! haha lol :)
awww no i didnt but i saw the girl after who got one from aston she was so cute :) did u? x
if you're belieber and you're very proud of :)
spent a week away from twitter. it felt good and refreshing :-)
this is sexy. hahahahaha! 2pm and oneday :)
welcome ;)rt thanks yaa :) followed yaaaa
follow me broooo :d
ciee lucy mau kencan di ultah ade ipar wakakakak on my way to 's home :d
thanks! :) how are you hun? <3
i just got off and i want a slurpee and hot cheetos :)
unfollowed the people who unfollowed me, that's fair right? if you want me to follow just ask easy :)
yes! train delay! :-) now i made an earlier connecting train which was late. good day to use a first class upgrade too. #nswin
uvvah.. :-d hahah u own chocolate & heart sweet as chocolate # soap makes u chocolate factory :d
thanks :)
arrey dont even remind both of us : ) *local train k dhakke* the worst part of mumbai ever! haha
this conversation should be held elsewhere! :)
i'm glad too :) but this is to you : fck off.
thanks babe <3 yes we shall :) when are you here?
i'll leave 11 :) hahaha that was a pointless tweet.... #kristenstewart :d
have a safe flight babe! :d <3
if you're belieber and you're very proud of :)
its ok, panic now over i have 667 now :)
aah, i looove the hills hereee :d its beautiful. <3 kinda reminds me of somewhere in canada!? lmao. like outside torontooo.
yeah :)
thanks :)
yw :) and it goes well thanks :d i really ♥ the conference chat on msn :) why don't you try #screnzy? :)
woooo see ya theree ;d. ima go now :)
jpdiaz: i love it :d
congrats to on bursting through the 1000 follower threshold :-) #ff
chaiwat film apa ya? "bangkok love story" ya? ih, i hate that slooooooow boring movie :d
yes ka! that is stanley! :d
hahaha yeah was getting abit chilly lol :-)
omg that is madness! :o that why we love yaaaa :d x
haileyyyyyyyyyyyy its 2day its 2day its 2day ndubz 2day xd i cant wait :d oh n ily n hav a fab day xxx
my friend have one from danny :d
hot cold. hot cold. hot hot chicken sh*t? yes :)
thanks david. :)
i know, i'm kiddin : p hehe.. okay : ) bukann.. minta fto kka...ntar aku liat hsil editannya lucu tw
no problem :) follow back? wow you got 7 more followers since i followed you lol
if you're belieber and you're very proud of :)
who cares :) #stemmingistochgoed
i bet you can't look at this photo of and without saying arhh :)
we want the old youtube, please sign this >> :d
i'll dm sean kingston for the next 3 people who follow :)
barely got service back on my phone :)
nicely done there, impressive to qualify not last in this weather with so little experience, looking forward to tomorrow. :)
not yours new one. happy nao :)
ty mate :) happy easter
omj!! i love the #jonasbrothers more then... more then i love my own foot. :d lmao idk?
follow back(? please :)
happy birthday dear :-) have a great year ahead!!!
just feel the love :) #nowplaying ♥ songs by !! i ♥ ur playlist today!! muaaachhh muaachh~ xp
haha sounds good loool, mmm i just had a bacon sandwich yum yum! :) :l have a safe fli...
thz for the f1 advice, clearly as i boy i should have known this :)
i'm from germany :)
yupiii finally out of cairo :d
good :) buhbye.
i shall make an aim! :d
go get to 771 followers before i continue :)
im so used to instant grief that instant gradification is a good thing. gracias. :)
i am entirely misjunctional : )
shout out to (travel safely boo) mtg u) & gives the worlds best hugs) :-) #skeetox
well, that's an odd grid for tomorrow's race. compelling qualifying session though. oh, morning all btw! :)
i'm chuffed with that. force india got both cars in the top 10, and not last. :)
i've got 5 up to now lol there at dads he's dropping them off later, i would have eaten them by now if i'd left them here :-)
yuuuus! i am stoked. i'm improving/degenerating and i love it! #teampervz needs a medal, i believe. :d i too have received an add
still up :) lol wide awake i cant believe they all passed out damn!
yup, we love shoutouts! :)
oh hello bum, i see you like all those squats :d
hey follow back dong :)
♥ hugs i don't know how to put this in good or poetic words..point is i'm glad that i'm happy living my life now :)
just made the headband. hand sewed.. turn out sewing is fun :d
on my way home ! night was fuckery but now i'm all ^_^
the ipad signage goes up in palo alto. geeks in line go crazy. :-)
aint got no idea :) wbu ?x
#welltried :d
can someone list me 4 times? :)
or you can go, play with it a little and then make a fast decision :)
ohhh cool! :) wow you did communion today? i've never heard of that! definitely makes sense though.
realstaceydash: worked with the girls & persia today they are all so sweet, i had fun : )
im listening 2 eenie meenie right now!. even though its 5:29am where im at!. :-)
it was your momma's birthday yesterday, and it's my momma's birthday today!!! :)
ooh, reahlay now? haha's, i'm only kiddingg. me lovess that songg. :)
:) i think i must have wandered off to bed at that point!
the pile of awesome-est! :)
:d :d :d having a heartttttattackkkknfje xxxx
thank you ya get well soon jess :) flu :'(
im currently in nc but i spend most of my time in fl. i'll be down there for my bday... :)
ahhh, thanks very much for the linkedin recommendation! much appreciated :-)
plz follow me <3 im ur biggest aussie fan :d ily xx
yes. :) thx!
can you please follow back? :d
mongolian grill anyone? is where it's at. let's get them to 1700 followers & tell em i sent you! :)
up, dressed, bacon sandwiched, onto second cup of tea :-) i know!!! been programming already
3 tweets from tom & 1 from dougie. :d
thanks so much! you're awesome yourself. :)
until you were gone i didnt know how much i'd miss you :) <3
has gf? pls i hope u reply :)
ooh get well soon yaaa..biar kita bsa perang lgi :) blk bdg justru buat recovery..tp sdh membaik (cont)
ncoh! pretty and happy! wola tyma they don't call it "happy meal" for nothing. :)
;) lol im chillin, cant sleep, the usual haha and timeout imma gam, i dont have a bedtime :d ..i know its past urs doe lol
oh, everyone.. new nickname.................... hugsy =)
miss six is opening my presents. i'm so excited :d
thank u :)
check your bbm please :)
i think you should follow now. :d
super friends! ty for the rts & mentions :)
champaine :) me encanta el champanie y tu chica.
#jonasbrothers #1 topic!! :d
hope i win one . i need a psp to get of twitter :d
wow malas nya! :) (youtube
hahahaha i'm good thanks :)
lol i can see the billing now, jeff and the singing, dancing booty: tonight only! :)
i want :d again :))
cause im your big brother :)
rude gurl is amazing :) pls follow me :)
follow back(? please :)
and yes very excited :)
fun nite sleepy but i want 2cont. to watch freddy vs. jason !!! :-) :-p
agree? that's kazuo inamori's formula :) cpt pulaaaang! enakan di jakartaaart ability + effort + attitude = success :)
mau dong.... cooking cocciolini chicken japanesse curry :)
check this video out -- brooke and emily having a foam fight :) ♥ so funny
it feels as if someone's having a laugh somewhere! :-)
pilot. ten years in gliders, ten months in cessnas. :)
another adrian who's a siouxsie fan ? great minds think alike :)
enjoy geordieville. i'm working in the metro centre all day so drop me a dm if you decide to pop over this way :)
thanks will check it out =)
it was a lovely pic. :)
glad u like, wanna try & do a few more. :-) yeah that would be cool.
good idea! :d i'm just looking at your blog to read your review
new eventphone feature: call 6283 (mate), blow your 0,5l clubmate bottle and get the fill-level :-)
big smiley face this morning... good morning all, have a lovely day! :d
heyy can you follow me back pleaseee?? :)
the house once again stinks of burnt toast and for once it had absolutely nothing to do with me. i do surprise myself :d
woke up, read the first issue of thor. loved it. in a great mood. :d
i thinkk :) if we get to 11,000 he should dm some fans ;d
i like it wen ur angry :-)
sure. it'd be awesome :)
hahaaa! i'm sure bjorks gonna survive for a few days yet!! :)
aww i'm here : )
thx. :)
me too. twitter would suck without you guys lol :) -- i love my entire #mjfam just saying =] <333
ahah, i can't be hungover if i wasn't drunk :p anyways, i was correcting your grammar not your spelling tehehe. :d
well duh, i know that :) but it's an epic, broken into sections. lots of people got their first taste of coleridge that.
gak jg, just doin what i have to do : ) wahh manjain diri nih....rt hey. aku lg (cont)
:d
please follow me :) :) !
ohh yeah.. :d .. if u wanna go home though..
morning!! what a b e a utiful day :d
which video? i'm interested. :)
haha thanks :) any time you need a shoutie, come to me :d xxx
