replied. :)
follow her now shes amazing :d > :)
um 7 mt say we're 8?rt was revelation 2c shelo9 & be 2(cute)5-yr olds as "finding nemo" #chesstweetup :)
bye all just the occasional tweet from me now until monday night enjoy your weekend! :-)
gutted for hamilton, not so much for button :)
follow me back?pleaseeeee :) ure awesome!!!
lol was cause now she's a lovely grown up woman who's engaged to be married :) that lizzie mcguire days are over.
q:follow back ya? a:udah :)
course why not? :)
now i try to paint my nails like :d
thank you for the #ff :)
thank you yaaa aku udah nyampe hihi :d
followed :) thanks u'
udah liat rif. hehe :d button kebrpa?
okay :d you can get into me instead ;)
thank u :)
ah. i wouldn't bother going, in that case. :)
sorry i didn't properly thank every1 for the follow friday, a chick was tired! :)
i fucking love surprises, nd its only 3.5 weeks before my birthday. i love this! :d i sweaaar. gaahd.
haha #shoutout to your background picture :)
ugh got shouted at by mum for not getting up my beds warm and comfy :)
i got you to 3702 :)
accessory genie: accessory genie deals, discounts, coupons & 6 % rebate :)
morning :) good ta, just chilling, waiting for my tesco to turn up!
:) love closer by a wonderful song! huge fan from venezuela
haha, i wonder if there's an sd tip?? i use that and the 1m the most as they produce lovely swirls :)
happy bday again bunny!!!and happy easter.. god bless u :)
thanks :) u're name is beautiful <3
i just made a tumblr, i will be posting random things. my photography, what im feeling, pictures of people :d
yeah, why? :)
what about hermeneutics?! kirste, thank you said the phenomenolgist to the mythologist-both in marketing :)
goodmorning :) :) how are ya?
lmao . yur right . im drunk af lol . but i ammmm ! im coo ! :d wyddd ?
:) text mee
oh god. who would've thought putting socks on could be that painful? #lowerbackblewoutontuesday :d
morning hun :) have an amazing day
hey seannnnnnnnnnn! plsplspls follow me? :) <3
i thought iguana is freaking damn bad, the fact is, it won't bite you. they're nice :)
wow, facebook connections works! :-) so all our facebook fans can see our tweets information, too! #fb
ya but not for much longer i will be back in la and back in the studio by sunday!rt living the life i see :)
#fail you didn't notice gemini is o podu, not appidi podu :d that would be gilli :d
can you follow me ?? french girl :)
"#isthataproblem if i ♥ to tweet until i win the apple #ipad from #123rf.com?""nope, i just want to know the rules before i tweet." :)
thanks :)
except when i'm hosting big downtown nightlife parties. :-) i keep my "mainstay" a secret. get to know me. then i tell.
eff yuu cuuhz. i won; fair && squuuare :d fuucx yuur 2000 followers; they can all choke on dicks. unless they #wingzup :)
if you want to get listed 10 times must be following me :)
go follow my cute sista :d now oke guys (((:
had fun tonight :-) ~ now laying down watching freddy vs jason who remembers this movie !!??? :-p
i'll follow the next who follows : gooo! :)
is well into her 27th year of life. for those of you who don't folllow, she's 26. :)
haha okay what time are u going? :)
woooooo half hour left of work :) back to do it all again tomorrow though :(
thanks for the william! :-)
lol it com on at 6 =)
thanks for following, yummy! :d
cleared out most of my inbox :) will revert to the rest on monday k? gotta get ready for a photog get-together in kk now :d
#omgthatssotrue that #jonasbrothers pwns tts :d
lol, i like 2 wear my head wrapped, this hottie named remote thinks its schmexyy :)
more caffine please :) #nowplaying chiefrocka show #2 i think check for it (cont)
yeppp :) and a girl from my country got one from danny, about... boobs! lmaaaao :d
please follow us!!!! :d it'd be soooo amazing! love ur songs!!! i support u
haha finally :d thanks :]
:) me & mona love your voice and your work closer is amazig :)
i'm in love with jennifer check.just finishing my work on the fb page :)
yay got my postcard from again #postcardsrock gonna write some more this weekend ^_^
may you follow me ? :)
k byee c u later have to go :) have a nice charming day ahead
thanks. :)
thanks! seem to be an increasingly nervous flyer, tho. sure club class will help that! :) hope you are well.
lol yh i'm good thanks! just at work :) u no how i do on a saturday! u at work too?! x
i met josiah gentry tonight. :) i mentioned you and he knew immediately who you were lol
as i see it, yes :)
awww hehe u so sweet :)
i heard u had a good show and got some radio play too congrats sis..keep doin what u doin! <<thx dude!!! =)
seems to be an article in some paper or the other every alternate week. p'raps you're more fortunate with the delhi editions :)
hello....good morning! :-)
of course not.... and well you shouldnt be :) that would mean i shouldnt tweet about bball.... naw.. #thataintright :)
good morning! welcome to the weekend! anyone have any special plans? me: work some today, watch basketball tonight, then off tomorrow! =)
we might get the good weather tomorrow so if you could send it my way it would be appreciated :)
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
dea's &van :-)
getting something dope made to wear at my birthday 27th :)
s/o to follow him now! :)
:-)
if you want to get listed 10 times must be following me :)
thanks! i'm interested in women photojournalists. :-)
i got one of those too. i think the april fool's cron job ran behind. will you be in line in the morning? :)
congrats to on bursting through the 1000 gollower threshold :-) #ff
yay you're watching it :)
#infolimit is on limit. ya yg baca tysm :)
the ipad signage goes up in palo alto. geeks in line go crazy. :-)
you will one day. :)
no i've got a friend coming over gonna cook dinner and watch a movie :)
thanks for comments and :)
 rt if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
cheese & onion with chips & baked beans :-)
unsurprisingly popular event today: whisky tasting with iain banks. i got my ticket. :) #eastercon
i'll follow the next who follows : gooo! :)
so come :)
thank you for your help, you're awesome :)
thank you for the #ff and your support :)
being in london without a cell phone will be.. interesting. :d
please don't spam me.... #welovesteph ok? :)
i haaaaaave :d
goodnight my love :)
oh i know :d i am so awesome i deserve a planet of awesomeness all for me :f
.......actually had a lil bit of fun 2nite.. =) ....................goodnite
very very interesting grid :) cannot wait for tomorrow. let's hope the race goes ahead!
if you're belieber and you're very proud of :)
aww adorable!!! i left matthew speeling at home, am heading for a girls hang out today :)
i remember the days when they put beans on your plate :)
just eaten a whole pack of starbursts very yummy! :d
omg that is madness! :o that why we love yaaaa :d x
what do you think about my tweet below? click to like! click to dislike! thanks :)
lmao! lucky youse. :d
say i make sure i come down when he's in atl? then would it be an almost done deal?! :)
sure. am following you now :)
jamming to my world part 2.0 :d
it is impractical but tasty! and loud and you know how i likes it loud :)
lmao. we all do that. i know i have several times :d
home from i had a blasttt!! thanx & the rest of the gang!!! :)
deket white wood ya? landed golden island court !! time to schoolin' someone .. :)
parang mahirap ata yan. laaawl. ahaha :p heyy, shoutout? :d
are you ever coming to america? like in new york? i'd pay any amount of money too see you if you came to new york :)
yes.. train strikes gold again.. after 'calling all angels' and 'drops of jupiter' :)
bom dia :) ngc 602 and beyond
no, thank you :)
-i should never stop! i know that! thanks for reminding me! :)
it's fantastic isn't it!! huge result after just two weeks :) well done everyone!
thank you for the #ff and good luck with your walk :) happy easter x
if you're belieber and you're very proud of :)
good-it's-almost-evening. :)
bye! got your text- glad everything is okay! send my best <3 see you soon! :d xxx
michael senoff is interviewing jim camp soon the gr8 negotiator. i'm looking forward to that teleseminar :)
thanks babe :) x :d :d xxx
a huge shout out for www.handysquad.com on time, cheap and miracle workers with any diy issues :)
easter is the demonstration of god that life is essentially spiritual and timeless. god bless twitterhood! :)
happy birthday to mr thomas winter :-) x
lady: (to waitress) may i hav bag to carry leftovers to my dog? kid: oh mommy, r v goin2get a dog? hahaha : ) #fb
hello emma, it is raining in inverness today :)
that dont make sense lol :)
very true. just got used to those, which makes the bunnies seem very odd :-)
just got a fb msg from the bride i married today told her to get off facebook and start enjoying her reception :) but appreciate the thanks
also, my glitched badges came today :-) now to think about how to sell them
massive shoutout goes to : :)
you great soft sissy girly nancy french bender man united supporting poof! <<< must use this on james :)
haha thanks :)
still sick.. also lonely,, mom aint home ! lucky me i have got 2 dogs with me and one rabbit.. :d
i can come down if you can get time off in july! :) (just not the last week, i'll be away then) xxx
u have too! i love the fact how you have your heart in a good place. :d extra points for you
ok =) i was wondering... you coming tomorrow?
ooooooooo. yes please :)
#lateff :)
haha sacré luke! good luck with the travels :) it's my turn to sleep now! oh and... go to the hairdresser please...
nawww :) i missed u more
my homie<phony! « true ☺<lol, thanks4 bking me up :)
morning :) xx
hey i made a fan twitter for selena could you follow it? its :)
i just thought seriously lol! thats cool :) good girl, u didnt need me afterall ;)x
please follow !!! she needs more follower! :)
10 for 10? :)
thank you & for putting a :) on my face 2:20am. that's cnet premium service for ya. #iballz
no worries, we are still young motivated women! we can still get it! :)
it's never too early to start thinking about curry! :d i would happily eat it for breakfast!!
hey, thanks for the follow :) how are you?
just keep saying biscuits hate me and it might work for you :)
:) honest... words desert me .. i don't know what to say !!
its crazy to think justin bieber can see what im saying :d
let's give a big happy birthday to she turns 20 today *yay* :d
cheers! and thanks for doing the primary school hookup thing :d
those ipads are coming out tomorrow . the first person to slipp up and put that shit don't is getting jacked! :) #thuglife .
it feels nice to hear so much about indus scripts. enlightening. :) #tedxmumbai
lol! thought of tmbg album "here comes science" (for kids). making clomplicated fun :)
true. :) but it's hard to approach people there.
patience is a virtue young lady! :) regards. kites official.
lets keep it this way :) sir i m following a legend cricketer here...not a politician :)
one day i'll forget about you you'll see, i won't even miss you someday :) nina
been watching 2pints episodes on youtube... i want every episode of it on dvd hehe :)
dl "magnificent" free at: "girl u r magnificent" :) #imrs
do you love #lost then watch this little spoof :)
thats cool i am good too :)
welcome :)
:) znate li sto je to speed dating? a sto je onda business speed dating? a znate li da cemo to organizirati na #wi2010?
isn't hacking #wp themes amazing? i feel like i found this long lost treasure; it was just a click away :)
i was fuming but luckily they are ok :)
i followed back! :)
huahahahaha nciii hahahah you'se welcome cici haha makasih ka :)
hey there :)
aku tinggal di apart hehe :d
i hope it is! :p :d
bahahaha! dm is direct messages :)
:) keep tweetin it real love! lets goo
if you want to get listed 10 times must be following me :)
ok when ur yawn activiates tears its time to call it one....night :d
i've got an interview with college!! wohoo. :d
soo was hype to see me today =)
i'm great!! :) love your new display picture :)
good morning =)
it's a short game and i am playing on a borrowed ps3 and borrowed game, which makes for some serious gaming sessions :)
