33 more followers! :)
#followfriday because.. well.. its hammer... duh! :)
april 16th yo!!! i'm ready :)
was planning to do some work in garden of my dutch home but is is raining ....... good planning :) #donottellmywife
otw rumah :)
that old lady will go straight in for the hug, and look you deep in your eyes and be very interested in your well being : )
gettin ready to go dancing :)
joann, babynesya and mommyodit :) berasa sesi english conversation sm joann :)
cant wait to see what you come up with for next weeks tee :d
your icon is beautiful :d
#oz was chatting with in a webinar and dinner in the oven/ you to gals are everywhere :-)
no problem :d xx
keep rting and i'll follow you :)
or u can just visit for all those flavors! =)
thank you for #ff :) fallow my #akfam --> ;d much love!
follow back? :)
ahh yes! now you're home cos of the holidays? :) xxx
#nowplaying loch ness monster < wooooo! :)
editing pictures with a good old "wish you were here" pink floyd album sound good, even more excellent : )
140 character mini shenoys are here :) :) do a search at the hash #shenoy (@shenoyn)
photo: source: fanpop.com will totally teach my kids how to play this. hahaha. :d
i knew it wasn't the parents. not that they aren't awesome. just a different kind of awesome :-)
i think i should change my username.. ppl confuse me with other gagamonster users.. remember: it's 2 _.. not only 1 :d
athu pattilla... :) quit working.rt not in a mood to work...
i watched my screen all night but no reply! :-) have a lovely time! bon voyage!
happy 14th birthday!!! :)
thank you! i can't wait til the full vid comes out.rt what up miki! nice job on that wmc video :)
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
:-) i can say the same for you. men and women have become better b/c of you. i can't wait to hear what's next for your life.
thanks a lot! :)
:) thanks & regards the official kites team.
thanks :)
my goal; to get 13 more followers before bed time. (:
please help?? :d
thank youuu :d
follow back please? =)
falling back asleep watching #sportscenter after saying goodnight to sweet dreams :)
thankyou, you too! :)
i'm gonna put everybody who follows on a list justin should follow/dm! tell me if you did :)
im gonna make a video about justin :)
okay. :) goodluck with it twin. it'll all work out for the best..
awwwww youre so sweeeet ma , come eat the box=) just missing you!!! :) lol #ham
nothing special till now, but hopefully something special will happen by the time the weekend is over. :-)
aussie #f1 driver mark webber (@aussiegrit) grabs pole position for malaysian sepang grand prix tomorrow with blazing qualifying speed :-)
thanks for the :)
happy dance ... three hours of adam and joe it feels like a real saturday morning again :)
omg! that'r really lucky! :)
thanks mate :d
whats your opinion on #sankeys getting number 1? i can kinda understand it tbh,when it brings an atmosphere, its *badass* :)
hey everyone ... thanks for the wishes :) ...
nope :) on facebook & here ..
follow me back please =) !
oooooh good choice :d #eastercon
woah! scratch that lol soo give me an observation on how you think joe went with the babiez :)
scheduled to awake in five hours. maybe it would be smart to sleep now. yeah? yeah. okay. goodnight :)
anytime :d btw welcome for the shoutie too! i have facebook account: dina shawtybieber :d hbu?
nobody wants to ask me a question? plz plz someone :)
i have the most amazing friends in the world. thank you for the best birthday night! thank u for putting this together!!! :)
thank you babe :d <3
iya skut be shaa :)
liam hemsworth :)
yeah, and then he'd kill you again if you posted that gag on twitter :)
his in the bathroom. and i can't take my clothes and my bra. well that sucks. :d
hehe welcome :-) iya sedih yaa. udh gitu curang banget dressnya bagus gitu, maumaumau.
def one of my fav albums! so moving :)
finally venus... do me do me :d
thank you :d
np :)
i wanna see "the last song" :)
cool :) was winter olympics funny cuz ppl here weren't taking it seriously?
too late – it's all gone :d
:d .. awesome! xd xd so will it be a 40pic by 40pic board instead?
roflol : ) hahaha he meants tweeting and working in b/w...@stuti_
: suuure i will ! :d
good :) still searching for the girl? :)
thank you. :)
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
lol haha whatchu up to? lol always such a hater :)
my brain won't quit being in work mode... can't sleep. hey brain, you don't have a wedding tomorrow... chill out :)
sandy toes. :)
i will give you shoutouts when i come home, i gotta go, speak later :d <3
not alot tbh, seeing some friends tomorrow then at dads with brothers on monday :-) you feeling less tired yet? hope so xx
awwhh :) do u like chaz?
me too :-)
looks like the perfect hiding place for a cat. :)
one of us should take a 10lb hammer to brocket's memorial while we're up there. :) i'm amazed it's never been vandalised.
aww, youre sweet too<3 :)
#jonasbrothers are the most talented boys in the world :d
aw, that's okay~ you'll have more chances to meet the fans in the future. -cough- hopefully fans from australia too? :d
i need just 3 more followers :)
i want #jonasbrothers to easster :d
kiiiidddnnnnaaappppeeeedddd lol amberalert- white scion lol on the 215 --- 951 :-)
:) if we give that away... it wont be any fun. will it?
that is not really nice to change the plan. lol bf made me breakfast today =)
talk soon! have a happy easter! i so envy you. baguio's weather must be fantastic this weekend. :)
jakarta's traffic is verrryyy friendly today. am lovin' it!! :d
ditto.. see ya at qnet ya sista :d ngantuik... :(. ayo dong buruan jam 6an can't wait for the match! :d
*bows* #ramaalists rocked! most of it 100% true, and the remaining 90% :p continue the good work :p :)
_/i\_ and to you, sweet have a good one ! :: >> thank you ! :)
eso digo yo, sí ^_^
:) good morning! love is a miracle. sending love & aloha to you on this splendid new day. how are you doing?
fuck! how many times i tweet the word fuck is down in the last 7 days, ile soon fix that :d
can't wait :d <3... .thanks for the follow too xxx
guy who never sleeps :)
its not yet finish kim.. =) i'm still waiting for something from shaun.. =)
i hear only charges his agent $500 p.week to look after him. good rate i think :)
you're welcome hun, i love the new janet video, nice and simple and she looks amazing as always :] oh & thank u for #ff :)
you neeeeedddd to!!! :)
안녕하세열~ :d
i'll take that bet! :)
:) good you?
happy birthday! have mad fun for me!! :-)
if your famous bieber :d
<< you know what you should do :) ask meeeeee :)
ayeeee you! go follow i love her & you will too! :) <3
ohhh my turn for a follow. :) :)
dubai misses you :) have fun in beruit! have a great easter with the family!
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
this is sooooo beautiful!! love it :d
aww..goin to see ma baby cousin :)
watchin save the last dance =) od love dis movie
((thank you. means a lot)) my prayers go out to ur bff's mum and family :)
they've landed and lucas has only just got dressed ...that was what i call good timing :)
sleep is overrated =d after 4 hours sleep i start getting headaches. going to be late, geting up early. perfect day =)
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
i would like starbucks frappucino.... now :d :p
home sweet home !! from the heights straight to the cross bronx onto the bronx river & i'm home :-)
hehe :p weallaa cegek aku say hehe :d eh gatau ding -..- pokoknya ada by pass nya gitchu
i have this book too :d
:)
havent been on twitter for a while because we are making me a new desk :)
you first ? :)
is that "ass" as in the butt or the donkey? :d
going to see matt later! :d he makes me feel alive again. :\
how many times i tweet the word fuck is down in the last 7 days, ile soon fix that :d
okay. nobody wants to be followed back?! just tweet me! :)
wrong choice? really? :) #f1
yoo, i'm cool or what? are u kidding? no plan what i write here ! lmao :d justin is my drug :))))
thank you! :) if both of them or just even justin, i owe bigtime. :> i'm dying just to be followed by justin! hahaha!
cheers andrew! :) xx we won't be seeing for a while then?
wow so many tweets. i'm thinking tonight was a good night? =)
it's a warm and sunny day over beirut.


am loving it :)
5 germans in the top 10... #f1 turning german??? :d
belum dong udah mandi , #hbu ? :)
in4merz competition...sorry! :) x
nice meeting u doll i met at jet nightclub + new boyz :)
thanks n_n, and ok coolio :)
how bewtyful iz 2do nuthin.... n den rest afterward :) hahaa...
rt: #jonasbrothers is still a tt when i woke up, it's a beautiful day looming today, a good easter weekend to all :)
trending topics, again.. #epicfail« wanna make my own! << i think you should go for it :)
thank you adis :) juara 1 47 juara 2 82 selamat ya kaliaaaan
watching tv and tweeting :) so are you looking forward to easter? :)
hmm :) biggest media challenge of our times is the art of self-restraint.when will we learn to say 'enough and no more'
your in a good mood :)
why dont u try twitteriffic also? :)
writing from the heart is writing for god :)
suppp :)
omg! i'm so drunk... p.s... i love you. #sofiamaria #away :-( :-) :-( *tears*
so many amazing things in this world, eh? :)
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
well done webber! brave decision paid off! :) #f1
#oz and i like noodles / yes but every nite i dont think sooo :)
apa si?rt hmm no comment kok gua ? knp hayolo ka tya semangat dong :)
ltv will not kill me with laughter one day, errm about the g.spot, i think that's what it is....u re so right! :d
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
not too bad, think we've gotta go out and about today, at least it's not raining today =)
weekend ?? am there for the full haul ! tues till mon !!! a great week i thinks lol :)
and mentioned in my blog post about apps recommendations :)
hey there, thanks for the #ff :) hope you have a wonderful weekend, my friend!!
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
quick send me the link before my debit card tries to pull a runner! lol! : )
my friend did some troubleshooting with me and decided i am just anal about creases :)
omgaga! i'm finally geting close to my 3,oooth tweet :dd who wants it? :d
*jealous* :)
#nowplaying vanilla twilight owl city. goodnight! :)
re foodie karaoke night, i do like to come but marcus needs a bit of convincing. :-)
i say enjoy it, but take pictures for the rest of us unlucky folk :)
i updated my flickr anyway #loganlerman :)
someone unfolloweddddd :( shoutout for shoutout? :)
good morning <3 it's 4 am here <3 i have nooo idea why i'm awake xd anyways... how's everyone doing? :)
very nice. i can't wait for the trillium to start blooming this spring :-)
me tooo!! i dont really have much though, mainly just pearls and anything with clocks! hha :) loveee clocks :)
shoutout -----> follow!!! :)
lmaooo ok, well im actually glad u said i look african :) never heard that one
as long as the celtics don't go far i'm cool =)
haha, thank you ;) hmm both! :) but for me is a bit better ;p
aww, that's so cool tbh! :d
your a lady with class :) -- thanks lol ;)
hmm... i *obviously* need to change my avatar asap :)
oh. and follow my little brother's twitter.. :)
can u help me? just 6 more till 600!! :d
gotta watch her! i think so :) did she just say i have a big ass?! big ass chimichanga.
everyday is epic, my man. you have excellent taste innew friends! :) cc:
cant wait till da am :)
making a tutorial about an awesome add on for firefox "monkeyfly" its like tweetdeck but on the web. :)
can i get mote followers ??? :) i will follow back
can you help me get 10 more followers? please? i wanna get to 850 :)
whatever it was, well done!! it makes you feel really good getting something right on the pc doesn't it :-)
