i found u i added u :d
lol-look 4ward 2 hearing more! about 2 email + 2 assist me school on july 6th. do it 4 the kids :)
they have elfenlied merch :d
fllow bck? :d
watching time traveller's wife ~ ooo! enjoy. my daughter loved it. i've yet to watch. let me know if u enjoyed it :)
gettin bored on ustream..whats good twitters :)
very ecletic mixture--can't wait to read up on all of that :)
you da man, i've got family in abbottabad that i need to visit good morning #abottabad :)
ive been to 3 shows in the uk : ) hbu??
mum just told me she got me t4 on the beach tickets wooo :d last year was amazing. :) :)
<<<< changed my name i didn't like my old one :)
#teamchrisbrownabitch :d <--lol dead gnr
ke grande. no use complaining :-)
thankyou :)
you are an apple :d
whattttt?!!! go to bed pa :)
follow :)
*hug* :)
lol i love the ladies as well =)
:d just in case you didn't ;)
morning :) i'm the only one awake and i need to leave asap if i'm going out 1...
good morning how are you? :)
practising bass again, this time working on some slap :) good video here:
<3 thank you so much for the well wishes :d
pls follow <3 :)
eh sorry 30 june ahayahah :d sejak kapan ada tgl 31di bln june? my very good (cont)
"scars in weird places" was afraid 2 open pix :) now u r kermit/shrek in snow! &...
cliick that liink please :d uhmm pleaseplease? :d
hey u r you reading this tweet if you r :d xd
me & zoe straight cuties. :)
hey ready now? i'll be at 10,303 and you'll be at 4,095 :)
this one :)
shower now :) i'll be back in 20 minutes :) i think..xoxo
is hacking into #wordpress theme :)
lol! you calling me lazy?! :-) hmm, thinking about it though ..... :-)
when you reach out to someone, they may never understand completely by action. sometimes starting off with words is simple and true. :d
okaay ill be at 5,204 :) lets goo .
happy to hear! #titanium is one of the #soimpressive novels :) nice one
haha totally, i wont be anywhere near the cage! :-)
:| to :) wld take time..
was about all that snip3rzzz unimaginative crap :-)
yeppp im great :) xx you xx
:)
thanks :)
davewiner: is like yahoo pipes except calls it "crack pipes.: heh. :-)
tonight was fuun :) we still up...you up?
just rocked 4 all the ladies in the desert :) with super fun killed it b4 hand .. 2maro we get sun.. yes!
ja, meine schuld :d
thanks :d
and us fans haven't even seen the episode yet!! :d
this april :d
i'm awake :) or am i just tweeting in my sleep? ;)
arey bail meant wud rescue u out of it :) humare hote hue aap dono ko kuch ho hi nahin sakta :p
no problem! do work sir! : )
i want to talk :d
that's gr8. so r ur videos. i'm sure u have lots of fans!! :) ~ naw we wish. lol soon doe w/ the ppls help. thx u
morning! how do you personalise a skirt? isn't it yours already? :-)
good morning! :-)
splits is here &feelin a little better :) this hospital is excelant on giving pain pills. so that is hwlping. i aslo walked. go me!!!
esp is gonna be ultrafly! say..think if we each buy a drink he'll rock the mic?? :d
:) soo.. what did you do today?
pengen punya sip(surat izin pacaran) :)
worddd ; if i had the number i wuld of called hunn : ) someonee needs too kall mee !
lol okayy.... :) so how's going 10th grade? i know it's stupid question cuz it's a crucial year for you >_<
umm.... i'm going to have to disagree :) mine is pretty awesome.
going now :) c ya later <3
i'm drivin :) wat yu doinn wokee??
easter candy yummy! happy easter :)
hello =) yea how are u? :) it suxx how i don't live there and don't get to see the shows ur on. even ur movie =(
yeah finally followed you :d you're screwed now.
and birthday, also on 12th april :)
lol!! yay, that's meee!! xo* dunno why but every time i hear i'm vee i'm vee (of course my remix) comes to my mind :)
is that so hardddd? just one click! hit the follow button on profile! :d
i'm going to the church with emily, caroline and cody :) c'ya in la soon guys
i kick ass, like the phillies, the philly phanatic, tastykakes, and philly fans! :)
ipaupd launch then photo shoot with forget paris :)
lol i kno right, wat da hell u doin up so late neway? :)
the damien rice o album has some of my favorite string arrangements. :)
i would but it's too risky for my laptop :/ awesome, what pics are you looking for? i was getting selena ones earlier :d <3
bye good luck house hunting :)
wow...guess i'm not in soho as often as i used to be : )
the ipad signage goes up in palo alto. geeks in line go crazy. :-) /via
that's fine. i guess i'm bound to buy the 3g release anyway. but i'll see you on the #eastertweetup with your brand new ipad!! :)
give a shout out to :d
have fun :)
i'm just going to bed. hope you have a good one! : )
aww okey dokey, well glad you're on board :) dont be a stranger :d
you excited to see ur girl on grey's anatomy?!?! she's gonna kill it!! i smell an emmy nomination for her performance!! :d
is hacking our #wordpress theme. apologies if you experience errors while browsing through our site :)
yes i am =) <---- #late nightfreak
i'm here always :)
thanks for the peeps shout out and goood morning :)
urm not atm :p might go skating later :) dr who is gonna be on xd
ncurley and short : )
no bother :d how come your names just alice now :)? x
if you want to be listed :)
:) roflmao! u r funny dude!
oh you will :d no doubt about it.
this kid is seriously knackered, so didn't take much tonight. massive 2 days, so think he's already out :)
i wanna see "the last song" :)
lol awww thank you!! :)
big smile sending your way ^_^ thankew for ff!
oke :drt thanks for the ff :)
haha, np! thx for the info! :) that's amazing! he's a great singer of course!
anyone else wanna be followed? this :)
followed udah difollow tuh. followback yaa awas kok enggaj hihi :) tysm.
ok.. donut temptation killed.. now back to more bourdain.. in sweden :d
ok.. i've decided na sasama na ko sa swimming..! see yah tomorrow tweeps! need to pack up my things now.. aalis na ang sasakyan namin eh! =)
doing ok, pain is being manged wth gr8 pain meds. :)
it looks yummy to hun...i would buy it :)
we're watching fringe on the blu ray right now. looks really cool :) heh. by this rate might be done s1 by monday ;)
do we combine that with archery? hows about a trebuchet for when they misbehave?!? :d
hey, thats an awesome suggest. thank you :)
u had me way to hot when u talked about this honey....u had me feeling too special :)
shoutout :)
so you'd think... he'll either be passed out in a second, or won't be able to keep from babbling :)
thank you :)
meh some of us need an upgrade before we are allowed to download that... :)
goodnight beautiful lady's :-)
yea i did. i said it n a nice way too :) lol
eh ada teteh emsi !! ;) amien,,,rt it's 70% 4 charity !! bismillaah.. ☺ :)
what do you think about my tweet below? click to like! click to dislike! thanks :)
being lazy watching the grand prix qualifying :)
social media search tool | whostalkin? :)
<<follow now :d
okayy haha is it building or what? :)
ok ... getting confused now... again see? lol ... good idea btw... i'll reverse the process! :)
already following you :)
still using it as an excuse to draw her a panorama of frolicking monsters, however. :d
it's okay, went off to the midlands instead. :)
lmao alright :) im boredd :(
eating pickled herring with cranberries on danish ryebread on the shore of the baltic. sun is shining. life is good. :)
cases of massive timber felling in himachal :)
im gunna dm justin & christian for the next 3 ppl who follow theyve both answered before. tweet me if you follow, goo :)
yep it's friday night and hell week is over for students at viu :d
folloer now ? commonn folllloooooowwww :d
hey! thanks for the #ff! :d
same here, waiting as well. not kareena here, just her fanclub :)
but we'll let you know when she arrives. :)
thanks :) i'm gonna change it again inna little while :) x
nitey nite! must get some sleep need to be ready for wondercon day 2 :)
lol@'somehow got home' ooh, i'm quite familiar with that sentiment. :)
thank you babe :)
he's perfect :)
lmfaoo!! wordd haha =)
yes that pempek hehehe..sekarang cabangnya dah ada di mana2 sih, tp paling mantep rasanya ya di belakang ramai itu :d
hahahahha fine fine we will stop (wivmebeenthemostspecial) :) xx
give those haedo brothers a cheeky smile for me :-)
i need 1 more follower :) please????
we also have hypermarket here... =)
haha, you can go to sleep whenever you like! i'll be okay :)
whinge whinge easter eggs hate me :)
as if i would be that cheeky ;-) i'm off to see my sis for impromptu visit, can't wait!! :-)
okay, ask me a question :)
followed :)
the egg is full of my favourites! :d
that's gorgeous :) i love my city.
i got open wings sold probably to someone super big :d
just rocked 4 all the ladies in the desert :) with super fun killed it b4 hand .. 2maro we get sun.. yes!
been there, done that! :)
yum! nice :)
ohh hi new followers :) especially my best friend :)<3 tweet me new followers xx
::sigh:: aren't we all :)
hahaa, yeah. yay! i'm on vacation too. :) & yeah. :( like now! i want her badly to come here again. te amo is new single. :)
so surprised to see my #cv project on main gallery! yay! :) #design #typography
so surprised to see my #cv project on main gallery! yay! :) #design #typography
oh of course i'll help! :d
goodmorning! :)
dear followers please ask questions on her formspring thanks :)
bahaha.. justin bieber & chuck norris :d (once again, i don't own the edited pics. just saw it on tumblr.)
#peopleshould follow these tweeps! :)
he he he lol #sania mirza is now bhabi e qom............ :)
please ask me anything :)
im not conceited ! i swear a milllllllion ppl told me i look stuck up! welll im not =)
it will be over soon enough yay summer :) and inside days are good, and excuse to drink copious amounts of tea :d <truefax :)
it's okay :) thanks for x
hit me!! :) wit a smiley face!
every needs inspiration :)
hey huni, yo tatoo looks pretty cool :) ---> merci merci! the pain was horrible lol xx
hey! what's up? :)
lol iiqht so 2 more hourss den :)
all the people moving :d
they are the --> <-- follow jessica now go! :)
so surprised to see my #cv project on main gallery! yay! :) #design #typography
it's ok.. there are plenty of you in this world.. maybe 1 day we can tempt you over to the dark side ... :)
i'm going out :) clubbing. you?
''are you a magnet cuz im attracted to you '' =) < *dead*
an easter party on a budget. | baby budgeting: have you had an easter party? / :-)
k lets do that now :)
just rocked 4 all the ladies in the desert :) with super fun killed it b4 hand .. 2maro we get sun.. yes!
okay cool :) so how are you?
i think so :) did she just say i have a big ass?! big ass chimichanga. (cont)
so happy right now... :)
morning :)
moest a jou denken toen seth godin dit gisteren zei tegen me: do what no one else dares. be shameless in 'shipping' your believes :-)
thxxxx :)
thanks. public vote. it's the fans wot done it. :)
well done on your eggggs :)
noo :d
dried, phone was kept disassembled all through the night. now working. :) saved from unplanned spending on phone. :relief:
