thanks lol, i got these from primark lol, :d xx
goodnight nick :) freaky i was just on ur profile the second you tweeted :l
i love the remix :)
the one good thing about this economy angie, was it caused me to get a degree.but, it cost $$$ lol best of luck on that too : )
aaoowww dm that :) lmao you're right because you look wayyy better.
if you had pre-empted blam!! i would've still been alive :-)
i like 2 play w.it ;; squeeze it like ah stress ball =)
you'll get there and you may be a little sad when you do... i know i'm missing school like crazy. glad i have s&d =)
taky dobraa..ja mam porad stuck in the moment .. :d
lol beer makes boring people sound very interesting after your 5th bottle :d
to for sale dahon speed p9 dm for the price tq :)
naww ily how are you and melbourne going :)
thanks bro :) what about yours ?
how are you :) everyone follow him!!<-----
decided that i am going to unlink my youtube from facebook! if they wanna see what i am watching, they'll have to join twitter :)
yeah sure ill try to get you 10 :d
does it get any better?!? lol! :)
for sale dahon speed p9 dm for the price tq :)
aww.. thank you amanda!! :) you're not as bad as amanda young.. lol. just everytime i hear the name amanda, i think of her ;p
aww, i hope someone puts it on youtube then :)
a lot of ppl on my timeline right now are tweeting ubertwitter ! :d bbms anybody ?
selena bg comment & credit if use :)
<3 goodnight! :)
god it feels so good to just lie down in my comfy bed and tweet. a beautiful lazy saturday! =) and #ilovemytwitterfriends
not feeling well.. severe cold n body ache.. catch u laters :) *waves
ada! it's quiet today :)
want to see someone following -4 people? :)
if u've ever gone to school and forgot to brush ur tweet. lol :d
sounds like a busy day! :)
you mean goodmorning? haha night! :)
iya. ok dh :-) gleek juga kan? follow back yah? =)
:) i love getting up in the morning. i clap my hands and say, 'this is gonna be a great day.' dicky fox
yep. i got a wifi router at home tho. its super fast here! :-)
no! twitspree first? kthanks. :)
wkwkwkw iyaa,maap.. gmn menghilangkan hobi ini y? :d it's your hobby, remember? :p (cont)
it's my doing his thing :d x
you are haunting me in a way that i would never want to stop....<---and thats all i have to say about that :-)
are you excited? party today! ice palace/ice berg! 6 pm uk time! :d
haha. yep :) thanks! ur awesome :)
i'm at a wedding love :)
gonna grab some breakfast then hit the stores, swimwear shopping = fun :d
i'm fine, a bit tired but fine :p and you ? :)
goodnight! have nice dreamss :d ♥♥
heeyy,yeah it was amazing aston sang to me :o :) glad u enjoyed it and thank u xx
ya twittie el sf hace unos tweets atras x) con todo y link :)
it's okay to be different. your peers won't judge you but society will :)
comment on my twitpics, hahaha, they're funny :)
okay :) what is it?
night :)
yeah it's charged and clicking :)
100 fans in the first 2 days! :) thanks everyone. if you are in the ulster museum over easter please share your...
i am so happy that i got to see made my night =)
i wanna go back to disney land ... i was there once and i have a photo with mickey mouse :d
oh really? so where do you live? :d
well good morning from england :)
if that can be scanned... :-)
morning :) i love having my first coffee outside :d
so what do you think was the reason for me and being in nyc early last saturday morning? :)
i cant believe you moved :( i miss you heaps already. tiffany doesn't even give a fuck. what a whore. lol. loveyou :) x
thanks for getting me 3 followers :) just need 23 more! haha
cool good morning to you to :) i live in england and its 10:10am here. :)
give me some starmate! :) hotcake hotcake hotcake...nom nom nom
thank you for the #ff :)
thanks i followed u back! =)
yay! whoooop whoooop! : ) wins the season ticket for the match today.
hmmm na coz there are other reasons :-)
singing britney with someone on zingled! :d
yh just helpin dad pack car now :)
i get such a laugh outta people who im me on facebook. sorry boo, we aint friends, i dont wanna text you & hell nah we aint chillin. :) haha
chill out, maybe she was busy :) tomorrow came & she didn't call :( fall back time?
heyyy u should follow me :)
i wish, i could hand out cold drinks...from the diagram looks like they do the return just before they hit the high street : )
no worries, here to help :)
where in the world do u have your bed?? and can u do a few sit ups for me to.. =)
lovely :)
am bloggin about malaysia gp now!! :)
yeay abis ini rio alvin :)
#nowplaying omg :)
will be tweeting in 3d later from the man u chels game :)
and one of the sweetest pussycats i know :-)
no i'm going on tuesday to tenerife :) i've gotta be at the airport for 5 as well... ugh :p
hey follow back please? :)
:) bout 2 go mobile an talk 2 my babi till um out!!!!!!!!
off to the post office in about 15 minutes, hopefully there'll be some packages waiting for me. :-)
thankss hunn :)
woo 2 more till 790 :d help me?? :) i will return em all !!
#ff have a happy 3aster! :)
on the world slavery tour a wise mate said that dave smiled like he had just farted :) can't look at him now.
the next 2 people to follow will get a solo shoutoutou! :) go go gooooo ;)
if you wanna marry justin bieber, logan lerman,zac efron, or taylor lautner :) --@kaileynicolefan
yippeyy! done with radenroro photoshoot! time to shop-pop-pop! :d
whats up? :)
*kisses cheek back* :) ;)
thank you rr :)
#nowplaying pixie lott gravity and remember the london time with ! it was sooo awesome :)
omg my hun is on! :) yay <3
~ so nice of u sarah :-)
did you say amateurish? you are just being humble :)
thanks :) hey, could you give me some shoutouts so i could reach 620? thanks! :d
ahhhh!! so i'm not alone in my "too early in the morning" tweeting! :) thank goodness for spellcheck right now....eyes sleepy. :)
