ferrari got rained in q1... maybe next race would revive them.. rip :d #f1 (schumi ko rakhte to aisa nahi hota)
tmmw i have songs for you to sing for me :)
happy with my life. thanks god. :)
wash you mouth out ms astley! chocolate melted within the hot cross bum is divine! :) happy easter! xx
thanks for your lovely followfriday. :) xx
you're my hero! :)
what a lovely thing to hear :) "when u dance, i go back to turkey!"- awesome compliment after the show :) #fb
sounds awesome. i love bags. and chocolate. who doesn't? lol. i've got 3 parties! 2 with family then a big one with friends :-)
my hands are dead,, i cant hold a pencil but a cellphone =) haha
omg i cant belieeve whats going right now.. i must be the luckiest guy right now.. :d
& told you i twitpicced the plates you saw :)
thank you so much. that much i do have in common with my father :)
it is, isn't it? :) nice view 3an l balkon btw :p is in da house. let the hacking begin.
happy birthday have a great day babe :-)
had fun tonight w/ empressjazzy1 :)
lemme talk about my pussy. that's going to make me feel much better :-)
awwwwhhh thnx :) i <3 designers. look at this shit! beautiful. (by
oh i haven't either! someday we will & oh okay byez! nice talking to you!! =)
oohhh..well atleast u okay now..im bout 2 go 2 sleep tho soo ima talk 2 u laterr..goodnight :)
family is doin fine...... :d
thank you :)
sorry to hear that you had issues with your satio, we do hope that you like the x10 if you do buy it, any questions let us know :)
muah :) wassup
oh ok cool beans :)
nah gitu dong, tweet responnya cepet. :d
awwe! i'll trade you the amon amarth/eluveitie tour for the behemoth one ^_^
is touring in like 3 days :) i know he gonna shut shit down. i'm sorry i can't be there, but we'll meet soon.
qum shelele :-) u speak the language? *runs* ericsayz: ququququqqaqaqa or bush (cont)
haha yaaaaay :d see yas soon :d so long as i make my change at nuneaton haha x
good morning, happy saturday and happy easter :)
stepbrothers :)
i love you soooo much :) sorry i was asleep :( but #jonasbrothers
aww don't beat yourself up lol. i left my phone charger before. i got my ipod, dvd player, cd player and psp hahaa :d
#shoutout 2 been a while since she blessed my line*gucci* well damn «- thanks for the s/o love =) ..what's up?
kelapa gadiing.. with my luvly sister :)
i can't help, but i think thats too funny! :) and very well made! 'maja the bee' meets '300' :
back from a good lunch .. :)
guud to read :d the 8 best beginner's guides to twitter /via
#followsaturday ! one by one , unlimited :d
q:hy, hy, ,anak mana? a:tangerang :)
aww that's good. hopefully you get let out early tonight :d
the other ppl paid me 2 entertain them but ur my friend so...blah, blah, good night! :)
haha xd just noticed that #jonasbrothers is still a tt xd let's get it back to #1 :d #jonasbrothers
tired.. goodnight :)
god bless <3
i asked her to marry me & she said "yes", look at how happy she is :)
hey uncle big!!! :d what's up??
excuse my butting in but yep it's with an e... :)
idd =) #jonasbrothers all the way <3
yes, it was yesterday :d but thanks! i gave everyone apple pie yesterday, but luckily i have a piece left ;)
heyy! well, i should say eehm, taylor swift, demi lovato, miley, selena, michael bublé, all time low ? =)
just abuse everyone in your household and order 2 on each of those names :)
aww, thanks :d you're gorgeous (:
oh do have a lovely time. hopefully you'll have the sun. :-)
7755th tweetieeee :)
pleaseee kasitau aku kalo online dooong :)
drinking chai 7alib :) :p
what is all this talk about strippers and penis tattoo's?! i didn't get any of those tweets! wtf!! :)
heart you get well soon step mom.. hugs and kisses frm ur daugh :)
followed. :)
haha. this is good! holy shit. q2! first time ever :) go heikki
i feel much better now! :d you just gotta think positive!
lol get it out babe :-) you sleep well!
vh1 top 20 countdown :d watching out for kris and adam
i like to keep you on your toes :)
haha! yeah. silver linings and all that. :-) x
and you celebrating by waiting at home in the warmth? :-)
follow back plsssss. :)
i gotta work early so im gonna go to bed now, night nemo <3 :)
wordpress 3.0 beta 1 läuft! nice! :)
please follow my personal :)
morning :) hope everyone's having a great day. ^^
your welcome! :)
hahahahahahha, i love that :d
i'm proud to say i love mj :) #happybirthdayparis
sensenbrenner, krauthammer, pfotenhauer...to a german, the names of some american conservatives are just too darn funny :-)
new twitcon should i keep it?<< yeahhhh :d
who makes rice at 2:30 in the morning after a night of raging? oh, just me. no big deal. :) haha ohhh how i love my rice.
hahah thats ok, but i can now laugh at everyone, if i choose to, without feeling bad :d
pooran poli delight continues today as well... prolly will continue for a few more days! ;-) good times! :)
lol :-) have a nice one!!!!!!!!!
today i want to get 44 followers ...funny right? :d well...let's see what can i do...(=
follow me back please? thanks :)
ok i'll email you my exchange of message with james, then you decide how to proceed :)
ahhaha its cool i get that alot :d
so did i , but you never know :-)
lol it's all good :)
k babe u do ur thing n yes, workin on beating the cold. :-)
do you have a big weekend planned ? :)
really sorry have to go now sweetie-pie talk 2morrow yehh? :d ily x <33
coloring easter eggs with demi :)
have fun girls :) (i know the feeling when you want to have your room for yourself again :d)
#jonasbrothers on mtv :)
ohh you know just chating it up on ichat with mandi and adam lambert. :)
happy easter to you too ! kiss x :)
nuhhhh. i love you wayyy moreee. :)
good to see you again! thanks for everything =)
aww awesome, yeh i love it here to buuut i wanna go to america :)
awww he's so cute monica :-) x
loved the photo of time out. too funny, i would've done the same thing! :)
what should i do to cure my boredom right now? :d
thankyou :)
:) followed
4 more followers til 600! :d
a scoop of cookies & cream & a scoop of chocolate chip =) #fat
kamu udah follow aku? thanks ya :) follow me back
do you have the link 4 the last song online ? :)
kay imma go check =) ...
oh. haha.. she was in jusitn bieber's baby music video. :)
thanks you're very kind. i can feel it coming together now one note docs getting consolidated into semblance of order :-)
got proper drunk last night. wasn't sick :) and didn't post weird comments here, fb or in txts 2 friends 4 which i'm v happy!!
thank you :) #lotro
yep :d
pearrrrrrrl jam! :d thank you, jezis! ^_^
yes this is me =)
lol! we wouldn't toss you out of the volcano just for squatting. :-)
loll , i got you . :) supppp .
hopelessness, it's an epidemic w da kids:( nothin 2 lose, nothin 2 live 4 but dey see u, from dey hood, doin it= inspiration! :)
cool :) just excuse- i'm still in my pjs :)
thank u so much maam :)
a full scale military presence is a must i'm sure :)
thanks to for the #ff mentions :)
nothin much =) relaxin. wut you up2?
zarir bhai... i hate when people piss me off! pseudos must be taught a lesson & thats what akhil & his bros are doing :)
heyy :d
.... morning! hey u gotta do what u gotta do keep that spirit good result will show in the end =) for all ur hard work.
watching jonas <333 :d
: yes that's a version i have tried :-)
really? feel good movie talaga? madami ba funny scenes? :d
your welcome, thanks :)
sure whats your goal? :)
omb! only 13 more until 1,200!! :d
... fun ass night w/ my bestfriends bobby&tally . even tho tally tried to make me cry again . =) loveeeee yu guys =*
happy birthday and just won my first beer pong game. =)
the 20 worst parenting fails... hoezo fail? noem het gewoon the 20 ultimate parenting tips :)
okay, i'm going. bye everyone<3 :) #ripelizzy <3
hi plz follow ɑ.k.ɑ tyora, our cousin :)
thank you for dming me yesterday 2x in a row. you made my day yesterday :)
#ff #twitterlove thanks! follow me? :)
which jingle? :d
i woked that right arm for those pics that dude send me :) lol
da citizen is playing call of duty: modern warfare 2. and yes, he be merking :)
happy easter! to celebrate, i've put together another post on chocolate. enjoy :)
haha game :) although i think at this point, has a bigger graphic novel collection than i do. dami lang ako sa pc :)
thx for the rtl :)
#followsaturday follow them and me :d
there is a new lee child book out but at 18.99 il wait for the paperback :)
heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyaya! i knows! :( hello from japan! :)
oh well... i have better plans. i would rather have :d <3 don't say what you are thinking, nikki. lol
1 more follower :o haha :)
if you want to follow you! :d
xtube is my second home :) #twitterafterdark
going 2 bed. hope u get some rest & pray i don't want 2 sleep all day. y'all b good! :)
iphone and ipad are completely different :) (thats what i will say to myself when i by one of each in the next 3 months)
hey my friend :) long time no talk too
okay. i know it. i just need to get my body to move. haha! anyway, to the chorus now. :d my fave part.<3
nother pic, he's such a sweetie :)
shout outs 4 shout outs ? :d
tapi nggu smpe batre low dlu:d ayoo cpetan loww :d
sure but please follow me back :)
nothing much going on at my end of the world. busy with work, and wasting time :-) i really could use a skeptic crowd around here
i won $26 on a $3 crossword! happy :-) !
i'm great :) well apart from being sick xd
i'm offically in love with overbored- :)
ƪ udah setengah 4!! banting semuanya. mandi --> sholat --> belajar. see ya! :d btw thanks buat kak
dai. thoppa mama! yeah rite.. i am not baindagoli like :d
we all need a vacay :) lol!!!
hey! :) do you still need that link? it's here, at 2:05 :)
good morning :)
u get my mess n pic i sent fb for the jamie book? thanks again for doing it hun :) x
kateeee, how are yoou? :)
well here,catch this 987,986,829 kilograms of love from the hottie hottt hottt philippines! :d
thanks heather :) little one is doing heaps better today. have a great easter
is watching channel [v]. wow! i've got some knowledge to knowing korean artists/bands! (y) :d
hehe i'll blame tom if it's wrong! i even enjoy the rpts.. can't remember this one really. i'll pretend it's a new one. thanks! :)
check out here and checking in there. pls don't think dirty my dear :) sampai nantiiii...
morning!!! :) dont forget to enter the 1st question of the day at classic fm!
good observation :-)
brb i'll be back after 3 weeks :)
i think you need to rest after that thought :)
me roud to be their mc when dpt platinum awards di sariater brg musica waktu itu :) (cont)
time's up!! :) we will pick 5 people!!
i think you done :)
lol hey nice to meet u 's bestie im lexis =) *goes to get popcorn*
hai new zara. :) what are the diffrerences between you and the old one
itunes might not do a lot, but the radio is awesome. i've just listened to rancid fall back down acoustically. ^_^
happy holidays to all my friends :) :) :)
7places ahead!! he shd be 24th :d #f1 button will start 17th as his car got beached in the gravel. serves you right arse!
tomorrow we begin a new life. spongebob squarepants <#love it. :)
#jonasbrothers are hella cool!!! i dont know why people dont like them :d but i doo!!!! i l-o-v-e them!!!
banyak istirahat ya cha :) satnite kemana ?
i'm about to do sum i shouldn't do.. oh well! :)
hey sweetie :) how r u today? :)
yehi toh problem hai bhaai, k main kuchh kartaa hi nahin : ) bas apne aap hi ho jaati hai mktin! hahaha
you're welcome syg :)
:) #zodiacfacts #taurus needs a partner who will reinforce feelings of comfort and familiarity
listening to "bria's interlude" -awwww that song brings back good memories :)
thank you!!! :)
why back so early? :)
get my new lens today at 4pm i'm counting down the seconds. yay! :-)
