i know you're nikita banerjee :-d me sudatta mukherjee :-)
game day today tweeps! its about prep at and having fun! bit of pingpong with the boys now :)
right, today i need to be productive...then go driving and then have a disney night with a bunch of 17/18 year olds... i like my life :d
how would a person survive on the nexus one who is used to getting 3 days of battery life on his e72? :d *giggles*
...is sad but true, and maybe if you "lighten" your ads in some way, you might be able to mutually benefit. ...hope this helps. :)
aww thank you! :) x
lol no guys i don't do x-pills!!haha that's a line i got from jay-z song there playing in the club!! #imdrugfree promise!! :)
i aim to please. :)
don't u love when the power gets put back in ur court? :d its the best feeling! :) lol
i might see you, and there if things go well. :) happy ipad! i *really* wished i had ordered one. (!!)
sounds great with all that, i've thought of a a simple yoga set to do. :)
thats fab news for them then- wow! :)
cyanogen back already :)
it really ended up being the expected mental night in kimmage. i'm wide awake now tho, 4 hours sleep later! great 2 see everyone :-) #dublin
fuck. i hate being a girl. every girl understands me. you know.. every month. those days. arggg, fuck them :d
and even more amazing is that you're not the only one :)
had two sessions yesterday. waiting for today's appointment its better today :)
thanks! :)
ayeeee! ready for a justin bieber trivia quiz? winners get shoutouts (5 followers at least)! :) if you're playing! (starts in 15 minutes)
i stay firing n rehiring niggas..now let's this shit str8 =)
now please excuse me while i go turn green with envy! haha :)
ido :d
batman all day aka the dark knight. :)
good morning, how are you? :d
i am! :) soooo whosz widee awakee likee i am ?*
parabéns shor'tor aniceto :)
thank you for the kind recommendations :)
thanks. :) the .mp3 link also works for me, so i might have mistyped...
let's just get the "add my usage of a language" release done first :-)
she's doing brilliantly :) she's slept every night and every nap in her big girl bed with no fuss so far :)
good morning :)
100% human, with no interest in hawking diet pills, free ipads or ways to get a million followers :d
awwwww have fun, i'm going knightsbridge with my older sister :)
lol lol loll in yoo facee :d
'a chocolate cornish pasty? '...... they tend to call them croissants :-) mind you don't gorge on the cheddar !
i have heard of it.. but i didnt get wat was happening on sahara samay? :)
today's itinerary = quali, train, beverley, shopping, lunch at whites, pub, pub, bit more pub, train home. simple but effective :) .
good morning world! :) wasssup??
thank heavens for "nothing crazy," we don't want that... just crazy parties are okay :-) hope ur back here shortly.
glad to see just pip #glock in q2, well done :)
nice song :) :)
i know thats wat im telling my mom. im crossing my fingers :)
bonjour tweeps :) wish you guys a wonderful week end and easter day as well :):) yummmmy chocolate
thank you! :)
ayyyeee :d
if it's not me, it's one of my siblings or dad :) one of us is always ill :) i'm not sure, might be meeting up with my ...
no hayne no gain : )
go to bed u hore :)
haha "repeat tonite" anytime i had a blast =)
you're pretty. :)
morning all : ) hubby has taken the twins shopping to sainsbury's !!!! first time ever ! that should be fun this weekend especially lol!
oh thanks.. i just changed my username :) i miss you.. <3
haha okay so me (bianca) and jamie are both on this account now :)
that's exactly what it was for, i heard that when i was a lil kid. yep, i was a good kid.....if you like baby goats. :d
thanks kuya :) hugs
sure where will you be at? :) i'll be on 6,769
i wanna be rich and i want lots of money i don't care about clever i don't care about funny the fear // lily allen :d
aw..thanks. :) and thanks for being a fan too!
idm irish dubstep muck /via eire funky is the future! :)
nite ladies wish i were there with you guys!!! goodnight love yall :)
omg! thanks so much to for following me...this is why i love her! :-)
hmmm yeah, i am pretty sure it will be saner in perl, but i can do it faster (as in speed of writing code) in c :)
is so excited about the emirates later! ooh to, ooh to be, ooh to be a gooner! :-) <-- it's going to be awesome
not to my taste i like pilsners and wheat beers. but each to their own. :)
late night for me! but it was fun and great to hang out with everyone. :-) i like it when the group gets back together again.
ayee im backk :)
thanks much for rt! =)
instead of seeing perform on tv i flicked it over to see the oompah loompah's! :d im so cool
lol no i was too excited i got up and got it all unpacked and on charge :d
i'm fine :) and you?
i'm lucky to have such a mature daughter who looks out for her friends :-)
morning twats!!! :) i have sooooooo much to do 2day omg jus the thought makes me wanna hide under my duvet! *sigh*
:) just listenin to music, that's all.
ohh ok =)
nice meeting u guys! much love from dis side :)
its going down tonight!! hurry up!! (pls retweet) :)
morning boy! how's life? :d
rolling to spot two with my girl klub hoppin!! =)
actually you are both anyway, you may consider twice using the description agency =)
why the fuk did i hold down 2night & she was still complaining about drinks..havn all her girls wantn me 2 be baby daddy like shit :)
awesome. :) nothing like a 7-eleven meal run! breakfast/lunch/dinner of champions!
really pumped up for the man utd vs chelsea showdown! we all know who's gonna win :)
:) great time six... going 2 bed!! somebody just call me drunk n blow the ish out of me!!! smh love u all!!
i know, right? :d *giggles like paris hilton* x)
"yes, uber-cool inner city hipster, i know you’re edgy and awesome." :)
==> #follow ==> & dont say that sweet heart!! :)
always so nice to hear from you, dearest friend =) *hugs*
wooow nice talk :) haha u always say lol. loool :d
ha going to bed now :)
wht i didn't see :) boy waz cuttin up thanks 4 da peep show__wat u seen
woo yay your awesome. :) where r u from?
impossible! haha..can't wait :)
follow me back please? thanks :)
thank you for random shout out =) <3
thanks! you too. yes, can't wait! :-)
buahaya! aseekk.. bsk uncle g mau dateng :d
batman all day aka the dark knight. :)
shoutout 4 shoutout? :d
liz, i replied to your dm message, i will definitely be in touch. how soon would u like to get started? : )
i saw the finale for last so i'd expect so :)
hey i just did the same thing. it is fun :)
no probs :) high pass technique?
red wine, chilli beans & tofu and 30 rock #samesamebutdifferent :)
let the darkside have their hit. :d it prolly won't take, prolly be a hit on the dark side box office.
flat ironed my hair..finallyy :-)
just so you know, you are between she keeps bees and shearwater in my itunes. i'd want to know these things if i made music :)
:)
aww.... thanks :)
if you want to get listed 10 times must be following me :)
<<< followed :)
hahah, what´s up with #jonasbrothers ? :d
thanks! we had fun. she wasn't thrilled when i made her wear it on the bts tho :)
congrats for being the mayor of pim 1! enjoy it while it last! :d
thank ya vonz, i wont go to sleep sad now cuz you make me laughhh.. have a great day :) good nite
dropped off june and sam. tonight didn't go as planned. :( but i had fun! :)
#shoutie-->@xladysupporter :)
bwahaha. :) club-girls. :))
some self promotion lol i'm shameful! and now i'm off to bed. tweet you tomorrow! : )
rt: follow :) 39
#madness! #yhp / :-)
lol eddie changed shirts!!!! :-)
#f1
i'm telling you; it was my tweet to jake... ;-)
heheh : ) as i said... lol! arrey but i think u need to strech ur sleep for 6hrs! i dunno how thats practically possible for you tho
:)
u r much welcome =) i'm glad that u like them...
that's awesome. it's always fun to have that to look forward to. :)
i confess i've never met a selkie in either form, or at least not one who confessed to it. :)
lol werd tht shit wudd be fireee!!!!!! idd buy it too :d
zara simonds of kowguran qld au sold buy anything wholesale earning her 23.50 :)
welcome! just gettin home!!! so yummy. thank you again!! :)
#ff happy easter weekend! :) lots of nice stuff farmers mkt?
new background :)
what did you request? not lonely goat herd? :-)
you're not a loser... just a pretty girl who needs a night off :) miss u to the moon and back
if you want to get listed 10 times must be following me :)
thanks for sharing. dang, he looked good on tuesday :)
ordering parts for my chevy :-)
good morning :)
as long as he's in q3, its all that matters. every lap he drives, he improves. :d
having a justin bieber trivia quiz!! winners get shoutouts!! :) if you're playing!! :d 10 questions. do your research. be ready in 15.
lol, yeah, football fans on trains are always weird! where you headed too? :)
hey thanks for the tweet :d hope you like our pillows!
#manila #philippines :)
ozy hehehe oji siapa erma? :)
can't rape the willing! lol =)
will do something wild this summer :)
all i want for easter is that follow me! haha :)
april cover for check out and read my interview :) sweet dreams loves xoxo!
you're welcome. :)
i i wanna eat good ghas phus :)
helloooo ! :) & yes i'm watching this show & they won't stop saying james ! -___- its annoying . yu ?
off to town today with to get her mop chopped, promotion today? let's see :)
i made one for you, even if you use it til you get a new one >> :)
aww :) thanks :d
chocolates avanu next time cochin visitnu kodukkamnnu promised. :-)
get in my belly? :d
how is everyone? :)
off to visit and the ultimate tweet-up! have a lovely weekend everyone. :-)
hahaha if he has any offspring it'll be immaculate conception. he was already spayed when i adopted him :)
thanks for the ff :)
wow, coklate pake godiva/ hershey? hahaha :d mauu fiii, aku beli di kamu aja dehhh :9 *slurrp
me too :-)
hey there :) hows the vac looking? sowie, owe you an apology. dint see ur call, was fast asleep. sowie!
woo! :)
he was my man! he knew how to treat a slutty lady :) lmao...anselmo was fucken married to john
is such a respectful, spectular, fabulous, fun, loyal, hardworking, positive person & influence 4 me & many more ppl everywhere :)
#jonasbrothers come on jonas fans lets do it a tt again :d
good food will always see my $$$ lmao nice!! always good to see uptown gettin' that love on here. :)
13 more! pls help me :)
has had £100 penalty removed by hmrc! pretty sure their submission system failed but as i don't owe them a bean i don't pay :-) phew!
hope it's all going well .... and i saw you in the paper =) haa! i'll text you when i get back! xx
on set til 9pm w a full sack is worse!! mmmn.. jerky! shomer shabbos! nobody fucks with the jesus! :d
you will dont worry!! its those bucket heads loss :)
yeah i might :) movie night tomorrow night? x
follow for sure :d
breaking news: eddie jordan has changed his sweaty shirt for a bbc one :) #f1
i know that cuz im clever and i have googlemaps :d yeah i wasnt there too. but i want :)
hey whassup! i commented ur video about sex<-awww okk thanxx mama :-)
5 column app drawer in portrait... and 7 column in landscape! :d 7 column land is secks
is it the one at the terminus? i'm definitely gonna try! :d
named after you, theyre almost as cute as you are :d
nice one... can't wait! :-)
thanks :)
i would hve choked on my food if i heard that. haha :)
in the movie "cruel intentions," ryan phillippe does an excellent valmont. buffy's pretty good, too. :-)
exciting qualy... :d
hee, you guys are meant to be, eh? happy birthday to your madre as well! :)
hell yeahh he hot! no problem ahaha thankss love yourss too :d
i love reds too will be moving onto a shiraz shortly :) luckily i don't have the anti-histamine probs unless i drink a lot!
i could cry at the beauty we've been given on this earth. 25 of the most colorful lakes in the world....weep & enjoy :-)
if i could have any uk tv job i'd wanna be the presenter of either soccer am, top gear or the gadget show... :) <really!
yep, it's me :d i guess, but i because of 'em i can't go to the church :p that sucks. for eastern i can't go to the church..
me and :) love you supers! :))
yaaaaay :d she said 3 other different words :) haha loveyouu<3
yes plz :) ideas?
12 more followers would make my day :) plz help i'll dm or another celeb for ya plus shoutouts :)
can you follow me back please? :)
no time 2 stress about it. everything is going to fall into place very soon! :) --when prayers go up.....blessings cone down! ;)
hai kawai! have fun in tokyo :-)
birthday in 20 days :)
alright dope. :)
