hi..thanks for the retweet :)
thanks for coming through :) #appreciateyou !!
#iphone agreed all :) me too hardcore apple fan for the past 5 yrs :)
non juste le grand journal :)
hiii :) i miss u
you too haha :)
dear mandul lg om! please..fokus :d
i now can't wait to read everything yates ever wrote. glad i don't smoke or drink whiskey anymore :-)
siap2 ke gereja. easter eve. upacara cahaya! :)
thanks =)
lol, i thought you were from dubai :p yea, one day :)
are welcome i enjoy it's physical energy :)
have fun :)
you are sooooooo funny, demi. xd i like the names :)
tomoro should be a goooood day :-)
on the phone wit my :)
so like i'm not sleepy at all :) i'm mad hyper
i use a laptop as a desktop :) but i get his point.
its addicting :d
he;s fine thanks :) yea ofcourse i mus come cuz she will be my mom hahaha :d wts up?
hey sweetie :)
yea i guess! i think the phone should be enough! :d
andun ba si father? dm me the address :)
just read 's horrors/mean girls quotes from last night -dead from all the lols- :d
#offthis for thee night :) texxt me or aim mee lovers; xoxo.
shoutoutt tooo-------> <---------shoutoutt :)
hmm....idk if every single ftsk fan likes jb...but i know i dont have a problem with them! :)
loving the easter weekend ... i could live on wine, chocolate & hot cross buns! not too good for the figure lol :) have a great...
omg, it's seriously amazing. mine actually crashed the other day but once i figured out how to reset it all was fine. :d
in v.i.p with :) fuck yes
donee :) 8 more u can do it;)
happy 12th birthday paris jackson! cant believe how much you've grown! i know your daddy is proud of you :) #happybirthdayparis #weloveparis
right! pics as promised! amazing work guys! 18500? more pics and.... they get better :) x
thanks! are you getting one? i'm still skeptical that wifi will be sufficient. i think i'll really want 3g mobility. :)
fucked up on couch watchin espn..drinking a fanta...strawberry ^_^
want to see someone following -4 people? :)
#peopleshould stop hating on .. u just wish u could be him :d
yeahh, i'd like to be followed back thanks :d
exactly :)
gooooooooood morning dear sog vvvvvvvvvvvvvv dorooooooooood hamvatanaane azizam : ) #iranelection #iran
nothing :)
lol :) will never be thee same again.
i already follow her.. :)
head(less)lines today : 03.01.10 : : do if u like it!! :)
yes! speaks the truth :d
... i'm fine thank u :) and u???
ohk :d heheee
dirty girl! sleep well! : )
about my sexy stare!!! *thud* :d
ur bg :) view full size and i hope u like it :p
woot new #iphone :d haha. habis already. picked up my iphone already. thx for the free gift!
:) i felt like i needed to bring it back!
i'm going camping later thus week, should be lots of fun. :)
yip watching it. the lotus man was a funny one eh! :) who's ur pole tip? should get v gel in supermarket but t balm from boots.
#jonasbrothers listening "if we ever meet again" by timbaland feat. katy perry :d
oh cool. i'm at home! chillin..i have les deux tomorrow! haha. have fun! :) take a shot for me!
good night spent with paul, and of course :) that boy, i swear. i love my life! sleepover at the bff :)
welcome back hannah.... enjoy sa :) x
what you mean? :)
cheers uso :)
comin out nice tho... will post link in a few hours when its all done... its for a pretty special artist! :) heh
"we love u miss jackson, oooh, i am 4 reeeeal", #happybirthdayparis :) for the sweetest girl in the world
:)
and hence everlasting booze hangover :d
that's cool! =) so how's your weekend going?? =) <---not bad...online n workin'...u???vacation now???
help me! 3 more :) #welovesteph
that's great! <3 so what are you doing at the moment? :)
it's outrageous isn't it. can't imagine jesus would approve :)
bank in pocket cont'd :d
catting with uooooo ik mis je zo honey! :)
thank you :-) here's to many more
what is your religion? answer this plss im just curious! :)
same name as yours :-) but without the "ul haq" bit.
safe journey. take care. :-)
legoland tickets | | have a great time | family fun :)
hahah :dd dude! i don't think i can't fall asleep! lmfaoo. ahhh oh okayyy :d haha
i actually feel good too :) !! it was good seeing u hun! i was 100% sober!!!! (me too)
hehe omg i really love :d there is always someoe on it :d :d heheeee
hehe okie :)
thank you very much :)
#oz popping in hope you're having a great easter break <<hope you are as well maralyn...happy easter :)
oohhh, that's normally not good when i do that :)
fyi #4sqday made the press :)
thanks tiw :d tweets ke 22222 untuk
dickes simon's cat buch gekauft :)
q: are you still doing the show wizards of waverly place a: i am not selena gomez :d
smh you wont--->rt lol :) dont make me take off my belt lil one
jasmine follow me back pls? although i didnt have "jasmine or villegas" on my name but i really really love u. pls thx :) 9
nice pic m8 :)
i'm slightly obsessed with rihanna....like i just like to stare lol :) gorgeous!
smh ... always!!! least it was funn for a lil!!! :-)
thanks, it's a turkish name :) & i love your name! nice to meet you too.
^_^ clip clop.
slacker is better yes it is except the part where it doesn't let u skip lol pandora radio is a cool app =)
can i ask you? what is mean the mark :) ?
finished one more assignment :) now, i need to sleep, night guys #birtharts
omg i love your pic :)
jasmine follow me back pls? although i didnt have "jasmine or villegas" on my name but i really really love u. pls thx :) 8
bulacan. :) i bet you're a filipino too. you?
hey.. wud be waiting to speak to the cutie devil :d
waah anak kita satu almamater dong, cuma sy warga baru dan bukan dr kepompong :d re: sd kupu2
thanks for the ff hun :d
ahahahhahaah #win >.< have u asked ur mummy about staying here? :)
oh no. no there were not. that were definitely all at joondalup! :)
congrats on edub's straight a's!!! good job dad :)
so like i'm not sleepy at all :) i'm mad hyper
and your choosing to love me, duh. :)
sorry to interupt but his name was reptar! :d <----thanx! :d
the future looks mighty bright. :-) you remember why today is a special day for me, right? (-:
if you're online .. =)
so whats up jbaby :)
sounds like a plan! yum! :)
thomas was the former member :d
hi danin me miss you :) xoxo
sometimes i feel the majority redefining my inner reality too..i don't like it... : )
:-) r.i.p. onmouseover. you will be missed. (via +1 to that.
:) i'm glad you liked it!!
something eerie about going to the corner shop in shorts and a tee when everyone's donning scarves and boots :d
q:eh lo plng suka siapa di winnie the pooh? a:pooh sm eeyore dong :)
if u love spongebob square pants :)
ikaw? kamusta? haha :) when are you comin back here in the phil?
q:baby, seth here :) guess what? :p a:what?! :d
who else wants shoutouts? :) i'm up for doing shoutouts* <3
hello saturday morning lie-in. #bendis #immonen #acuna over to you for the next 20 mins! #siege then haircut, then edinburgh! :-)
i love that dessert. it's so wrong, it's right :)
whoops :) yup. me too. good luck in the choir.
maybe that will work. =)
gotta lovee my heffners.!!!!! another successful nite niceeeeeeeee =)
welcome & thanks to our new followers... imma follow back.. i needa get more followers tho to get past the twitter limit.. ktbspa! :)
no! could it be? i think it is.... yes! it's chelseaa! :d ohey there,
bonjour maamaani : )
#ff to these a-m-a-z-i-n-g ppl. they're so nice & follow back :) (cont)
human psychology is amazing :)
fat burger with my girls :) thx for making my day!!
yap he is cute :) ellen is pretty handsome too (what??) hahha
rendering a 10-0 snd game on salvage :) for machinima though, sending it in later bro's/ho's
hbd kaaa :) p'afuu , hope u happy on ur bd na ka :))/thanks
merci, beaucoup.---cup of soup to you tooo babe :)
goodnight have a wonderful easter weekend! :)
dang. i wish i started following before i came back from maui. <-- i wished you would have too! :)
hey tweeties whatsup my moms visiting me today :)
okay lang ako. ikaw? wait! you're filipino, right? :)
it pretty much reminds me of summer, i miss being there :d i have to study for my maths exam which is on monday. soo boring.
ohh yes it would hurt haha i took mine out :)
what is your religion? answer this plss im just curious! :) ...
g'night! had fun chatting :) hope your back feels better in the morning!
sis i hope u know u goin to miami w/ me end of july. you have to! my real 21st. just tellin u way ahead so u can plan :) lol
simpel communicerrd vaak het best :-)
ummmmmmmm.... can i jusssssst say, i <3 :d
i wonder if i can reach 2500 by today! i 'only' need 70 more hahah but it is possible cuz yesterday i gained 80 followers :d
lol, cassidy/mac are adorable. ♥ i kinda wish we saw more of them. =) #vmars
more on the woodland of the south downs np think i need to move to west sussex thats where all the trees are :)
they make me feel very, very naughty :)
hahaha i dont remember i think basketball :)
oh i wanna see remember me too :d i've seen the trailor and it's sooo sweet :p
hahaha yah alyssa jahat banget sih lo. oh or lo beli makanan laen but then you sit with us :d hehehe okaysss please wahaha!
i think ima go to bed early, that workout has my bones tired..... going to see why did i get married too tomorrow =)
aiight =) cool
ciaooo :)
happy 4 monthsary lovebirds stay in love, guys :)
hahah yeea :d i mean i can miss something xd and i always dream shitty things xd
hey chickka :) i think you should come to australia.. agree?? :)
you guys are amazing help me reach to 3,000 we are almost there :d
thank u and good night :)
little early to call it a fail, isn't it? don't go looking foolish :)
woohoo!!! :) wordpress 3.0 beta released
haha :) what's ur name?
thankx i appreciate it :)
my drunk texts (mdt)... more lol's than texts from last night :d
hehe punch my wii? lmao. some doctors got fired :d
yep, ready to go with my new shorts :d #jeansmakeover
ok everyone i was talking to stopped replying.... i think i'll tweet some videos of lucky bitches :)
thank you! it's not til wednesday, though. :) coffee coffee coffee!
awwwww just seen why did i get married too.... soooooo sweet n sad! =) & =( lol
will do found a really nice cookie one :)
omg never in the history of a saturday morning (good job it wasn't last week!!) have i gotten up so late!! morning :)
you are welcome :)
follow me back??? : )
should i sue doctor? :)
lol, still! i'm sorry. :) nothing like that has ever happened to me before. i'm still freaking out. my stomach is in little
awwwwwwwwww :d we can make one of those sleeping bags that are really two zipped into one
in gereh ro man ? saal pish zadeh boodam ;) :p :d
haha :) and he's a year older than me lol
thank you :)
thanks :)
i drew this for a friend. whaddya think? :d
-oh yeah sorry, tonight was nuts :( we need to play animal crossing sometime too :)
your birthday bro? too much :) have a good night cuz.
how are you today? :)
goodmorning tweeps :)
nobody! #trillog ! ya pops n royce59 killed it! noboy fuccin wit us!! <- #inkredible :)
'morning. breakfast with mummy :)
aw yeaa tht wuld b nicee :)
hahah ok! thanks girl :)
you're so demand i n g :)
ohhhh okay i got ya now :) #welovesteph !!!!
i would be your co- onwer if you want :) ♥
im wonderful thanks. haha yeah xd u dont know him. im'a tell u later. :) xx
thank you! it's not til wednesday, though. :)
hey how you been? anything new? :)
