i'm good, thanks. how are you? :)
haha good! :)
i can't believe your actually having a convo about it! think of the children! << lool shut up :)
so surprised to see my #cv project on main gallery! yay! :) #design #typography (via
haha thanks xd! how are you? :d
what does that button do? :)
in the studio with dirty harris today =)
thx bro,luv yaa.. *cupz* gracebaon happy b'day to your mums y...tuhan yesus slalu mmberkati,,,amin..!!:) :)
peyton when you need me text me! lol i replied :)
thanks for the 'rt' :-)
ayoo latiaaannn :) 9voices!!!! 'usah kau lara sendiri' (cont)
idk ahahahhah but u dont need to do that! hehehe thanks :)
lol :) aah today i will stay up a bit longer :d maybe 12-1-2 :d
it's alright, it's okay, i'm so much better without u ! :) ashleyy ♥
i'm ready :) what do i have to get ya? i'll be at 6,795 :)
for all my amazing followers = just tweet me if u want me to follow u back :) ok //
i have msn :) .. im gonna watch him on the kca's which is like now and then i will put it on :d
followed :)
bababababysitting for abit today :) aka, my sisters can play in their rooms whilst i watch lost.
the benefit of waking up early then going back 2 bed is that you get to have two breakfasts :) hot cross buns followed by fried egg on toast
i wont be back on msn. but im here now :)
just saw a look-alike in blr on richmond road :d #rockstar
fun night with my boos! love you guys! :)
in cinema...yum sweet popcorn and coke :)
my poor skin can't really get any worse at the moment so i'm looking forward to an improvement : )
dank je :)
just finished making a bg for ya'all should follow it, i co-own that account :)
great to have cousin with us today! :)
errrm... not sure :p i hope so though :d where are u from? :)
would that be your hair roots or your national roots? :d
3:33 make a wish! :d// ya :)
elooo chua family + friend! ethee andrea greg and amanda :)
q:whats your favourite film? a:big daddy is up there :)
ขออนุญาต follow นะค่ะ/thank u ka :)
sooo... i think hellogoodbye's concert is going to be the 10th concert that i'm going to :d
hey i was in france :) i miss you too <3
awwweew cute shit . i came home and my brother is all passed out on the couch :) w/ youngr brother
salmon bagel, tropicana & bourbons. #jedwardsaturday off to a good start :)
i think my cold is getting better :d it must be the southern air!
now i'm really confused. :)
thanks for the following :d
rockin stilletoes lol come one lets go :) h!ttp://twitpic.com/1culo0
pleasee follow me :)
morning. rents are packing to go back madrid. recording some music in my dad's ipod i found this pic :)
-my pleasure. signed! :)
plz follow me?? itd mean soooo much!!! god bless!! ♥ :)
happy easter weekend everyone :-)
no way!!!rt no way!! aries !!rt libra is the best zodiac ever!!! :d
follow back? :)
lml well ima #iceteahead if it makes u feel any betta :)
oooh yes, there is a party! frock up deary, social pages await! :)
which has the better hair? justin bieber or zac efron ? :d
if you think lloyd should tweet more! :)
i used to read them when i was younger. i even used to watch the cartoons ^_^
sorry, i don't have it tooo, i'm looking for it :) (youtube
i prefer jco than any other uve mentioned :)
while we wait for our burgers to cook, my man sets up his new work desk. hihi :)
haa thank you :d xx
u already ve one rite? can anyone design a business card for me, best design will get a printed version of it :d :d :d
lol i think i guessed that :)
have to go and buy easter eggs for people! :)
massive shout outs if u comment :d thank u x
aaaand my mom's too :d
good to hear luv. :)
you think we could have made a fortune? :)
p'opal 's account twitter ka p' :) /really?she told me she doesn't know how to play yet?gotta call
good morning! :)
nice. it's hit the low 80s here the past couple days. been a nice change finally spring! :-) relaxing is the way to go. enjoy!
shoutout 4 shoutout?? :)
heh. righto need to go buy another easter egg, i ate the smartie one. :d see you later. :d
12 days until me and meet ya! :d xo
yeah ....... my all time favourite usher song :) on tha radio ad now doing te bieber glide around my shop cause
i'm cool like that :)
q:what is your favourite tv show? a:friends :d
we should have an avatars party then! painting myself blue... :d
i must admit i do love picking out those guys whose mummies loved them enough to bandage their heads all pretty :)
not helping :) >>rt it was pretty good here.
i would guess so. they just cant keep themselves away from the computer... :-) though they both bring daddy the remote controls
lol :) morninnn' !!!
aw, deadly! :d mega excited? :p
so i'm cleaning my room and i find 2 dollars :)
coloring easter eggs with maddie :)
which? :d
sorry so late....bt yeah one day(idk when)bt one day imma take u out to a movie and u wont b disappointed or frustrated =)
hmm we want to know the reason! :) :)
oh my goodness please go to youtube and listen to ! they are amaziing and dey cann sannng!! :) thnx
this month will be fun... two tv appearances... one on the style channel and one here... :-)
follow back(? please :)
ty :) #ff my fam--#bleedat
good nights. :) pending blog post postponed to monday . due to eye blindness.... :(
#peopleshould practice #selflessness-- amen :)
sorry. up until recently, i probably would have said the same thing about love. ugh. puke. phooey. spit. :)
91 followers till 2000 :] please help me ! :)
yeep it's hot :d well im 15.
so who feels like ordering some lola's cupcakes for me? :)
hey :) i'm good thanks, you?
q:ohhh lmao ! that's good to hear :d a:yup
i'm proud to love #jonasbrothers :d
#wtf040 #thedayafter ontbijt :)
vaddiyaa hai jee : ) looking at all the hanging wires... *nokia-connecting ppl!!*
if you love and his music :) <333
shinee onew & key :)
lol. thank u but i think the ass is amazing by itself :) #imjustsayin lol.
happy easter to all followers of the youth cancer trust #kickcancer <<< and to you :-)
i mean that in a nice way :-)
morning everyone :-)
i'm great :d hbu ? <3
could you follow me back pls? :)
why is it weird????? hhaahahaha :)
man, that looks gorgeous. enjoy :)
bwahahaha !! we found him ! the nice neighbours found him in their backyard, so folded him down and took him inside :)
lol it's all about the choc. :d
have a wonderful time & happy anniversary :) also happy easter! x
you're completely welcome! :) hope your weekend is awesome up on top of the world there!
yeah hope i get..thnx :)
im doing 10 for 10 with someone right noww :)
dm link please! ^_^
i wish i could gah. but only 2more months and i will :d patience my love xd
yes!! woken up with a sealed envelope on my chest, i open it and it's an invite to go paintballing!! im well excited, roll on may 8th :d
#peopleshould follow > she is my bestie :d
its scooters gf i just got it :d
aren't you the smart one! :) but follow closely. like every week we will have an entertaining update for you. regards.
too adorable! they don't call it "happy meal" for nothing. :)
thanks for your goodbyes! hope to be back on twitter within the week- see you soon :)
i know. haha, buhh i didn't think it was possible for someone to sing that awesomely. i was so wrong. foolish younger me. :)
lucky you! lol. :)
i have always loved jt :) he is amazing
today is flight booking, tour planning and practicing for tomorrow night's gig at round midnight in islington, feat. :)
yeah, sleep is a good thing, but i need to knock myself out...overactive mind! think its mechanical this time. thanks :)
ahh sorry man, this isn't nish! :)
good morning yall :)
amazing qualifying. brilliant tyre call by webber and red bull team already looking forward to racing mclarens & ferraris :)
haha, yea not much here :)
great, hotel for dogs on sky, some silly kids film fun for a while :-)
hey i'm not a perfect girl :)
i like the name but i prefer ur last one it was joceysweet or something right? but love them all :)
does he have the option? :)
rt: uses of local seo: know basic facts frm seo experts wealthy :)
-v-v-v-ote! :)
you're welcome. i think? :)
haha im kinda spamming :) sorry but i really want him to follow me!! xox
yes, it shows you are on twitter mobile web, so your typos are understandable! :)
& are all following me! :)
ha yeah might have to pack the server too :-)
haha i'm great thanks (apart from my neck) lol. same old, same old. what about you? :)
follow back(? please :)
hahah so true :-)
10 first ppls who follow get to be listed 10 times and get a dm to all of celebs who was follow me. tell me if u did :)
morning all :) so tired. kept me up yapping til nearly 3 am. hubs is making us breakfast now better go wake her up ;)
um so u aint talk to me tonight smh<+ i'm calling you now babe :) lol
how can you be a guru then? :)
it could be, but i'm still on the fence with it. it serves no real purpose other than to tell stalker's where you're at. :)
on our way to pay the deposit for the wedding venue :-)
oh yeh and that too. although if brad pitt showed up looking for love im not sure i could say no ... im only human! :)
yes if you can send it soon :d
oh okay. :) <3 thanks mrs bieber... i mean jonas. x]
i just use the jedi mind trick this is only a carry-on, you can move along now. :) luke?!
wait....did i say the same thing with 'the rocky horror picture show'? oh, well...they are both terrific to me. :)
have you got any plans for
today? :) xxx
really really pleased. i'll be even more pleased later though, and tomorrow. i had my first phone call on my new phone, too just now. :)
lol ahhh the good life :)
nevermind that idea, i was sleepy and that idea sucked. here's your invite anyway :)
goodmorning! :d
had a fantastic night at an evening with sgt. pepper...if anyone is in sligo this weekend go and see it :) #sligo
q:if you had to choose between meeting kings of leon and justin bieber who ... a:kings of bieber :d
ma pussy on anotha plant ;; got da nassau pussy =)
thanks girl :)
yep. :)
ermm tso's with my sister =) aww my likle prince in bed would you like a massage? ;-) hehe xxxxx
shoutz to :)
you will get folowers fast if u're a fanpage :) there are ppl who have like 10 000 followers =d
hmmm i am schocked !! hahahhaahahah :d was in my dream last night !! lol
have pmed you on folksy :) thank you!!
wat i been up2?? school/work/(~_~) my normal routine :d
hey i'm not a perfect girl :)
hehe ia kak, waktu itu di online, aq mention dia suruh folback, eh difolback, hehe :d
yeah fo shawwww :) x
really good night :)
glad i got to hangout with my bestie, its been awhile..
i can't believe they used cheryl's rain on me on the actual #f1 then! :d
how do you know if someone has blocked you?! i don't get it i only block perverts! :d
:d <33333 we still need to see the ring lmao xd
should i show u guys what i look like? :)
ok then. message received. understood. apology dispatched. :)
not at all :) i see u been up to no good! smfh
#tweetthatgavememanythots.... :d ~hung~
just got home :) i'm hungry af sooooo i'm gonna make me some sandwiches lol
lmao, see how u r callin me like my mother :d i am good oooo
if you're 15, 16, 17 or 18 years!! :)
--> for sale dahon speed p9 dm for the price tq :)
aww thanks! :) you are 2 ^^
it's like that we try to get each other 10 new followers :)
aww, thanks! :d
i just orded one for my dad for reagan to play with. :) i'm a bad uncle.
for all my amazing followers = just tweet me if u want me to follow u back :) ok //
frohe #ostern, happy easter :)
your cute ^_^
thank god :) its scooters gf, dont worry.
it's been too long since i got to watch iron chef...it makes me happy ^_^
thank you hun. :-)
new icon =)
hi desmond kelvin darrel carmen brandon aveery cheng kang and jason!!!! :)
