she asked if anyone wanted to be a co owner, and i said i would be :)
well twitter is kinda dead. i'm going offline now, bye :)
if you want a flirty dm from justin :)
we all smell fresh and the neighbours are speaking to us again. even the chooks were starting to back away :)
salut i'm ok thank are you? oh an can you please follow > he's a great british singer :)
lazy morning, had a lot of fun with the little one and watched wallye together in bed :)
? what do you mean ? :d
in bedd :) what you doing lol
welcome ain :) tysmt ya thank youu ayaaaa lo juga yaaaa ;) avatarnya cantik
haha! thank you! :)
otay! =) u know i might need ya help on things!
morning tweeps! :)
awww now you tell me. hahaha i couldn't help it. :)
and our 14,263 th tweet goes to you! hahah. btw in china 14,263 is a very special number, you should feel honoured :) x
haha :) wow.ngeri ah.. iya inget suara bagus gue wktu msh kecil :) (cont)
stuck in the moment up that should me :)
ask me anything nowwww :)
that's good to hear :d notes: yankees reliever alfredo aceves shows encouraging signs
thanks and you :)
hmm... u almost got 2 correct there.. =)
i meant tyres. :)
hey! you got the shake? how was it? =)
nah babe i wudnt do that it jus wont open at all, talk about it here babe :)
good for you, any one who can give up choc i admire! i eat loads & could not give it up :-)
want a tweet from :d
if you're 12, 13, 14, 15, 16. :)
can you not get some wonder webbing and an iron? :)
yeah :d !! from oliver phelps (george) check it on my favs. it was just ' ;-) ' i freaked out!! <33 hbu?
follow ? ill give you a massive shoutout . ++ she follows back :)
will be on vacation from april 19 26 :)
i have seen them perform twice and i went to their redcarpet london premiere for their 3d movie. so 3 times i guess :)
eeeek! this is awesome, congratulations! it looks so amazing! :-)
congrats naz and dimas.. see you tonight :* sah! :)
give ken a kiss from me :)
:d aye, got me a longboards.
goood morning ! :)
waaa sorry i had to leave earlier. have a great night :)
hey big man: how's the lungs? :) (nb that post was not one of mine, it came from
meeting her on the 7th! :d yipeeeeee! x p.s. & hahahaha miss whitebread you are hilarious :p
smash hits have got cheryl cole/tweedy takeover day today! :d so its nothing but cheryl/ga all day 8) haha
ok, bieber is always on tt. we need to keep #jonasbrothers there. since ' jonas brothers ' is spammed so it can't be on tt. =)
let me rephrase this » some ppl from queens is wack ! :-) that's a no no queens ppl are the shit all of us
go comment bob hes me dude dms 2 justin if u do :d x
#shoutout to <-- she's cooool. :d
hey, if you follow i'll follow you back :)
well. doctor who is on tonight at 6:20pm. stephen moffat ftw. looking forward to this! :) #fb
follow my personal and ill follow you back! :)
if you are a girl :)
shoutout to--------->>>@jboosdaddy for haviin hope in meee !!!!!! :d
wow u r so lucky i would luv to meet them all but chester more so. hes amazing luv him :) lol
im good thnx :d hbu ? <3
hey are you coming to australia any time soon? :d
the real celebration will start only tomorrow on sunday. a good day to spend with the family. :)
i like my coffee like i like my man: sweet and pasty! :)
hey how are you? :)
thank you for followingg :) u okay? <3
i wonder what time im going to barrys amusements today :)
ooh when you coming over? :)
oh yay. their fans are called diamonds. xd i am now a diamond. :d xd
coool .xd sounds great :d xx
a reply from andy before my national examination :d good luck with that shit-a
nice words there! philosophically gud! :d
now kick ass looks good :)
ha thanks :) and you can add tweets as favourites... sort of similar!
that was her 25 year old b-day!!! she was sooooo drunk....but we had a good time :)
had a great night w my girls =) now bout to hit the hookah bar to finish upp
one mr is now followee 667 :)
morning :)
"i'm going to die." "well, so am i, one day." "don't you dare." "alright, i'll try not to." :) #doctorwho #endoftime
why sania is gud fr him...she is pretty too :) !! if he breaks up he'll mostly end up wid sum1 lyk ayesha...so dat wont happen :p
yeeah true. i was just worried watz goin on witchu :) everybody's disappearin.. kinda weird!! *thinkkin*
yellow :) x
aww ; but omg you agree right ? :d those are the hottest in the world !
i don't know i have not seen your diary :-)
your tweet didn't have the word 'narnia' in it. :)
im always up this late. i dont sleep til 5 sometimes 6. im nocturnal :)
if you're 12, 13, 14, 15, 16. :)
really? at 5 am :) i #literally justtt got done #nowplaying that! hahaha groove slam work (cont)
lol if u say so>> deelami no, she usually goes "otokpa, my son in whom i am well pleased with all he does" :d
please follow me back :d
:) "do or do not, there is no try."yoda jedi
cute name! ;d 'm sophie <3 sorry i need to go :/ it was nice meeting u luisa! :) ttyl <3
we should deff have a conversation < hey =)
good morning cassy have a good day :-)
2 away :] can someone help me :d
thanks for unfollowing ? :)
he'll tell ye the story :) it's funny
heeey :)
morning twitterverse, how are we all this rainy,sunny,cloudy,blue sky-ed day (apologies if i missed snow off we dont have that yet) :)
thanks :] nice :) abis ganti avatar :)
thats good :) here...mm could be better but some things i just have to live with, for now i might add. other than that its good!
thanks dear :d
: )
kl lilu wajib ngeceng rif :prt sambil ngeceng! translate mim.. :d gw yg jwb... :p (cont)
watching "the invention of lying" :) ricky gervais is hilarious as usual.
please vote for here--> is hot! :d
yipe,great2have u all here!rt woo...an evening with lobvelies :-) ♥☺♥
it's all about the jailbreak :) /via : now your scaring me :o
*chalks up another point* :)
i'm the same :-) would love to get to el bulli before adria takes his 2 year break
