p.s today went great. :) :) :)
if you want me to get you 5 followers :)
very nice :) some where else for me to shop for #f1 stuff xxx
have to log off for awhile now. lovely chatting to you both again. :)
good, be the same always :)
:)
off to moscow to play at club neo :)
no drinking, watching bp go down casa. :)
morning :) how you doing this soggy saturday morning?
yess i doo :)
jonesssssssssss hehe :)
tonight has been filled with heart warming joy. thank you. :)
:) night :-* bout to cuddle up & maybe fuck & lmaooo! night night tweeties
club 411 packed asfuck :)
it certainly can. i'm taking the next few days to rest. but i shall rise again! (where have i heard that before?) :)
life=money over bitches :-)
no prob ma! everyone #follow ----->> thanks for followin :)
yeah i'm planning to make some videos so you can see :) & i don't really need 3g since i have a verizon mi-fi
in the shower sex :)
great performance on idol!! =)
lol well depends on the kind of intellectual activity you're looking for. i just generalized it, you have to specify it :)
thanks for the mention again! :-) have a happy easter
glad to see that starting the company still has perks then :-) i and ipad
goodmorning :)
ohk :) thank you ***
well if i'm not going to like it i'm not sure whether i want to own it! :d thanks for offer of 10, will get back to you on it. :)
typing my email using my thumbs, while listening to rocking music list :)
yah i know. maybe cause they feel so lonely on twitter :)
sometimes i don't feel like walking, so i make enormous people carry me around. let's go get a lollipop :) -justin
chatting with :)
that was worth it specially :)
hahaha :d expect nothing less miss!
totally just went on a heel rant about pushing new talent on my blog about the sd/nxt/superstars taping. yeah, i'm a heel now. beware. :d
first child about to go off to the emergency doctor. it must be a bank holiday weekend :)
first nights sleep in my new apartment. & it's raining hard.... kinda scared :-/ pray for me. #goodnight :)
makan eskrim coklat aja :) gimana caranya ngelepasin beban di pikiran gw ya ???!!!
sleep now? s'only 8:30 :d
button, hamilton will beat you cause he is better k? :)
coool :) we'll go on disneyland paris ! haha
how are you? i remember talking to you way back. :)
aw thanks... #ff :)
goin to sleep <-- what happened ; thought you was gonna stay up ? lmaoo ; good night thou ! :)
haha :) the perfect match for a taurus is a pisces.
far too early to be tweeting work things... especially on a bank holiday weekend :-)
we will :d
hati2 dijalan ya sayang :d
if your a christian :)
still have heaps of work to do but think i'll fit in a nice, long soak in the tub to clear the mind before i get back to it :)
:) wat you doin?
can't watch movies so i'll listen to music :) while i scarf this jack in the box yummmm
where u at?? that line was ridiculous lucky for connects :)
in v.i.p with my boo :) we gonna run this city together«--lol
goodnighttt loviess <3 i'm gonna head to bed now ; soo tiredd & gnna get some rest :) byee :)
happy easter to you! ...and by surprise turn of events i'll be at c'prof! really look fwd to seeing you! :)
haha nah we good :) feel free to use it lol
#dope awwww =)
a tufted duck greets me on my walk ~ good morning to you :-)
no worries :) not much u?
so. mal off :)
ur dismissed from my life lol vete!!!!!! :)
thank you =)
suggest us your bgs, and we'll try to make them. i'll be on come here later today to upload the new bgs. :d <3
noo noo, thats okay :)
mhmm , palms hotel :) w/ . lol preggo girrrl
lmao well i watch'em all da tiiiiime :)
you mean the world to me baby can't wait to see you :)
eyy erykah badhairdo >> and this is why ilove you so ruuude :) lol
daripada di hotel dgn tiket mahal, hrsnya konser michael bolton dibikin lebih murah di tempat lain. takut rugi? coba ajak tommy page :)
lol ya we really had good times as kids #backintheday :) && aw man i sooo didnt kno tally didnt have smoothieking!! :( so sorry
thank you! :) thankfully we do have a proper summer, about 20 to 25c, it doesn't get freezing again until nov/dec
haha ok cool : ) i can see how people say pink with your blonde hair
oh good. really need the dry for children on the edge at priory park where i'll be chopping veg from 11-1 :-)
why nosql is bad for startups :)
thanks for the new profile pic comments :) up early for another rehearsal! definitely tired!
weiiitss.. kita lihat dulu saja lah pertandingannya. :d tar malem nonton chelsea dibantai yuuukk.. anyone?? hohoho
cool i look forward to the pic : )
better then nothing :) obviously or we wouldnt talk :(
i'm glad you feel the same way. :)
what's your name?« ashley & i'm a #gemini......the best signnnnnn everrrrrr....... =)
ooooooh.. sarcy?! :) yeah livestream can be turned off, bt not the event! anyway i already said, it ted is ok with it, it goes
new site entry! o-cast finale, aka episode 6: “the pledge” read and comment? :)
i have some great friends. simple fun :)
haha thanks i followed you to :)
#welovesteph tweet this 5 times and i wil list u 20 times + a shoutout.!!!! do it :) cmon just 5 times :)
#jonasbrother are on tt :) #jasminators shall be on tt too
for once, a serious answer, please. :)
i haven't laffed all day till now thanx friend :)
i hear that an order came in cuz of me :d
i love watching people get absolutely trashed. :)
forcing myself into bed.they werent kidding when they said that when u wrk fr urself the hrs are longer but its hard to stop yourself! :)
short stack makeup ^_^ so birthday is in 23 days what should i get him??
moin moin =)
siang jg :) siankk kaa cmuaaa!!!
lets slide 2 our secret hide out sex :)
god i love my job. busta rhymes killed it and now jermaine dupri is on the decks in 207! doesn't get better than this :)
otw to airport, picking up conrad from idjut boys :d
woke up to being featured in this fun eco vintage etsy treasury :-)
i refollowed you :)
i knoe, so sad :( but sooon ! #pinkypromise :d
so, yeah, anyway. i'm drunk & sleepy. g'night, loves. :-) (for real this time).
get ej a fresh shirt please and some deodrant. thank you from all on twitter :) > i second that!!
congratsss bfc putri 70!!! ♥♥ dll :) :) :)
my friend's a bit downn, so i'm gonna cheer her up. and go to her soon :)
happy birthday! be always smiley,be loved and let your dreams come true! :-) <3
10am :) what time your train depart? i'm dead excited :) xxx
nice. :d bought a hat. :)
thank you mas ifaaaa!! nyusuul!! enjoy jogja yaaa :)
follow right now!!!!!! please :)
danke :) hehe yeah, its my fav too ;)
on my way to pick up quinny :)
thank you! :)
put this ---> #welovesteph <--- at the end of ur tweets :)
new video :) -- i hate the new youtube! / shout / plug
just tweet me if you wanna be followed back. okaysh? :d
awe :d anyone hear alex lambert talking about presley lewis? yeah? well that was me! :) he's amazing.
it was bennet and his dragons puking instead of breathing fire :) #nrl
i'd like to think i earned my ipod touch n worthy of bb :) #iphone
#jonasbrothers is still trending : ) wooooooooo
χααχχα! thanks :)
i've sent u a long dm :d
thank you :)
yeah, spn fans are certifiable for much different reasons. scary in their own right. :)
thanks :) in loveeee with apartment! :)) gorgeous midtown living.
hey :) btw u can ask me if u need any music/vids :) #jaysaying
lol my moms name is brenda :d how are you?
morning. not so grumpy now but i will be later. up dressed & showered but left 2 hours late. parents felt bad & let me have a lie in :)
put this---> #welovesteph <--- at the end of ur tweets :)
so much fun with u guys. :) ttyl ya. must study. :)
good evening to you jerry thank you greatly for the drawing that german genitive flows beautifully :)
ur bg :) hope u like it & view full size
follow , shes amazing on my timeline :)
sorry, penelope. but you look like errr..a refrigerator :)
oh, i should add happy easter, too :-)
along with those ferrets :) #digitalbritain
afty dude :d
im so close to 1,400!! can i make it there??? :d
i try to. 11 to 13 year olds this year :-)
great: after some hard work (mostly thanks to ben cooksley) phonon-vlc is now usable with #amarok, and more stable than xine ever was :d
home from work :) it was a good night
thanks matey, very nice of you to say so. :) i still look 20 or less though right? i don't wanna look too old ahah!
thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu :d :d :d
vodka is for after the wine :-)
maui wowi keiysha cole is my mane bitch but irene is my wifey :)
why thank you! :)
thanks for the favourite too! :d
i agree! #windows crash all the time! im getting the #macbook white on #monday :)
haha i just listened to that :)
3:30 in the morning?are u kidding?hahaha =o ur not sleepy hahaha mm..mm well i get ready to go to my dad :) where are u tight now?
please, follow me!for you a mouse click, but for me the happiness.please, do it in order for me to be happy! :) ♥
#jonasborthers is rock my life :)
hater > q:can i be your hater? asshole a:yes you can be my hater! haha. start hating! :)
has woody got you up watching f1 again!? :)
okayy goodnight :)
lets go see ll cool j o n sunday :)
yeah, watch yourself. in the morning the floor will be covered with them. :d
thank you to everyone who did #ff on me today. you guys are lovely! :)
hi lorna! that's great :) looking forward to it!
he has the prettiest green eyes ever. and today, he actually talked to me! eep! and at least he knows me and talks to me, unlike michael. :)
sneak preview of interior :) we're doing trials now & will open very soon!
if you want me to get you 5 followers :)
finished the last song in about 7 hours with little breaks in between. can't wait to watch the movie tomorrow! :)
nah later today =)
so hey its getting late; heading of to bed :)
yeah wat color bow? n im guessin u want a hershey wit almonds =)
i need to go to bed. once again: #happybirthdayparis! overload of love. night everyone :)
:)
it is very highly appreciated if everyone helps trend #happybirthdayparis. "it's time to give a damn let's work together."-janet jackson :)
+ = greatness :) "all i want is you"
no she has another car. its a honda cvr 1999. silver =) im super pumped tooooo!
*stops* wanna gummy-bears :) ?? xd
lol she get it from me :)
yupp it suree is :d
i have to talk with the other owners, once i get clearance, ill get back to you :d
banget! apalagi abs or :d seger banget tuh shan apples and oranges! yummie!
hey :) i'm good. you?
thanks a lot jen, that's really nice of you to say. :-)
#blink182 :)
first dutch twitter party conclusions- twittering is of all ages. audience 15-63 years old! generations blend in on twitter :) #wtf040
yeah, it's so relaxing too. :)
having an awesome time here :) next time ikut yaa boss lady ;) hey... gmana solo? (cont)
knocking down things while we having sex..sex :)
not taken one yet. but will try. :-)
have a fab time, like ure focus lolz ,,...... tonite im going 2 party like a rockstar. lol! :)
way2sms ftw ! life saver , seriously. give it a try or just bookmark it :)
i know. i guess her keen senses aren't all there yet :)
if you weren't in the cell biz, you'd be in the retail store mgmt biz. just a guess. :)
hello! i love you gracia :)
lol! :d he likes justin bieber. and he would tickle him. :d oh wow. i love him so much.
watch me work this ish now :)
finally leaving the kitchen. tonight's service was good :)
you can if you create an account with a us itunes card. and choose an address in oregon so you don't have to pay tax. :)
if you want me to get you 5 followers :)
mymom gotme tickets togo see justin formy birthday :) she almost got the vip packages..she didnt feel likespending 1000 dollars for 3 tho :p
yeah it tiqht work ! & hehe thankzss :d
and so has he. some things just aren't meant to be... and i'm very happy now with my man! :)
#ff << apologies for missing friday : )
thaanks :) im aweesome ! how are youu ? <3
i love u ..your amazing please notice this tweet :) #jasminators ......
