delight for punjus :) lol this is so funny :) ull love it if u understand punjabi.
haha thanks :) i'm sure you will one day!
ima take a shot of patron a shot of don julio a shot of vodka :) this should make me feel bettttttter
you tape them to the edge of the page as a bookmarking system. :d in this case, their heads peek out!
there's no better feelin than what i get when i'm surrounded by my mum and brothers... :) #somebodysayamen #praisethelord
thanks guys :) how's the new house? any new ps3 yet mike? ;)
just being cheeky. :) for some reason my wife can't sleep it is 3:30 am. thought i'd sit up with her. my humor has no clock.
thanks for your congrats jane :-)
im simply dreaming u see this lol we supported you since age 6 :)
hello saturday! i cracked the wp theme prob so onto content #kulsocial. looks like its going to be a cracking easter sunday weatherwise :)
kay im out , i might come back in a bit . :) surraya
lol. mexican food. you should watch the vice city one too. :)
:d
ok girl im leaving see ya tomorrow ok :)
chitechyall i'm finna mack on that sack cuzzz.... that means g'night in cory's bawlin ass useless to the world ass language lol :)
demi how are you ? =) we love you so much in kuwait <3 u are so amazing
heyyylo are on way too see u :) xxx
awe :) i will too. you got some drink?
hahaha.i only like the food & toys not the creepy mascots :)
i came to set the world on fire :-)
but ur still ohh soooo coool thoughhh :) ur personality rocksss<thx u
for one song, adam started singing it at the back of audience and it was a nice surprise :)
hiiiiiiii, im still here just been editing :) wassup?
so. i may have bought a lumix gf1. and it may be totally sweet. :d
thanks so much danny! hope you enjoy it! :-)
hehe :d so whats up?
todays plan: go to work;home;washhair;kierronscomindown;hes leavin earlyish;gaenor stayin over :)
she got rich girl t playing red light green light! :) get yours now! (cont)
yes, it was great :) did you?
i drove so far idk where im at& im sleepy now i wont make it back i think but i.ll try :| // quien te manda :d
yeah sure :)
ohhh i'm happy she is ok! :)
oh cool! :)
thanks for your congrats miranda :-)
imma go dwn b4 i give you this good sex :)
i'm sat watching tv with my daughter drinking coffee from my new mug! :-) #msmbc10
and if you want me to promote or even list you :) hurry the first 3 people this i will follow !
goodmorning everyone :)
wel on summers power cuts r frequent here.btw it came nw :)
ahh i love oreoss !!!!!! :)
alas no. no time for canb trip. working all w/e, only my normal sunday off. #woeisme :)
(re: haha this is a cute photo of you two! looks like you had lotsa fun. :d
and cuz i have my nose pierced also. and all my tatts :)
hii demi ! i love you....u makes me happy with just a reply yours :)
so that's why it was the music for your latest ep. :)
go follow ---> help gaining more followers! :) if you follow, i'll give you 3 shouties, just tell me if you did! :)
well make sure u bring me sumthin ...i got u..even tho yall party waz wack :)
cool! i like you buzzed just as much as not buzzed. :)
thanks for the #ff ! follow me? :)
driving onto the chunnel next stop tielt winge :-)
haha! fucking hilarious! :d
yesil ve kedili canta sahibini bulmustur.. kirmiziyi isteyen mail atsin : )
thank you jessica! :)
ok ok i'm done. fyi: my statements dnt mean ima be doin anybody who asks. i have standards, morals, etc. twas just for fun. :-)
it never bothers me cuz i think i'm the most awesome ever. i have a huge ego. :)
wakey wakey! i had a well nice baguette from waitrose last week, nomnom :)
i love cool breezes too, just that its so hard to come by, especially in a city like calcutta :)
and now you have 334 thanks to moi :)
hey jasmine :) how are u? .............
good morningrt thank you so much :) follow
honey p dice goodnight and goodbye!!!! :d
sba7 elfol :) how's ur day that hadn't started yet going!
lol saturday quote twinkle twinkle little star point me to the nearest bar :d
would u make me a cute jasmine v bg 4 us ? i know im being possy \: im sorry 4 that ! & update it ? anytime ur free :)
hey jasmine :) how are u? ...........
share :) i'm having turkey & rice for lunch. would approve?
"don't worry! everything happens for a reason!".... good morning ya tweeps :)
ok no prob just checking if u like playing with the kitty :)
post offices are open today right? sold 5 things overnight :) all to the same person i hasten to add!
ha ha. :d nice! (@ the "it's quite big" and the wide eyes!!)
let me know if this link works :)
yall killed it once again sebastian needs to learn how to stage dive :)
thanks for the recommendation :) although i'm still trying to get my head around mr. tweet lol..
hey jasmine :) how are u? ..........
i just made myself :) im a good ass fucking friend!
lml hey aint ur bday comin up yes , yes , yes may6th :d
:) how are you?
oh cool ;) next year i'll go on l.a with my school :) costa mesa !
go to bed shithead :)
hahahahah. i don't think anyone wants to see me in that pose, lol. there's a reason i'm behind the camera :)
i hate u :o omg hahahah i mean i love youuuuuuu <3 :)
followed follow back ya thanks :d
hey jasmine :) how are u? .....
pop tarts & strawberry milk.. ^_^
happy birthday!!!!! <3 ...hope you hv a fabulous day! :)
.@rocketman528 i can see it now round belly, chubby cheeks all aglow :-) // um, wouldn't be different than a normal day lmao!
clash of the titans = amazingness!!! go see itttt :d
hey jasmine :) how are u? ......
hi, thankyou for following me :)
thanks man. i am indeed lucky! and you will find her bro! i know it! : )
:-) the real question we need to be asking: how can we get vanilla ice cancelled again tonight?
i like to think that somewhere in the twitterverse, someone else is drinking too.. so, we are never drinking alone :-) *cheers*
i hope you are having an awesome time at wondercon, even with all the pimping. :)
byeee guys!!!!!!! smiling now :)
you never spent more than 10 minutes with the iphone, though. just trying to help ya. :)
fyi: was born steven patrick b4 becoming known by his surname...love u beaucoup, mozfather! :d
followed followed follow back ya :) thanks
i kno :) that's trife unless i jus don't like the broad
hey jasmine :) how are u? ....
samantha :) www.twitter.com/samanthamarra (is my personal twitter xp)
ok i'm going to sleep ! it was fun fighting with .... tha girl
! :) bye love ya guys !
pft, just stay awake and tweet. and drink heaps of coffee. :d that's what i'd do.
ooooooooohhhhh i have arrived!!!!! smiley face on!!! :d — at makaha surfside
yeah hubby material doesn't cut it.... give that one to malik for me #jokes he's probably got better 1's anyway :d
good to see you've got your priorities right! eat some haigh's choc frogs and drink farmer's iced coffee for me! :)
follow me back pls ? :)
hahaha okay than :) are u still by ur dad in miami?
im really upset u wont tweet me, its like my dream..please.or follow..i love you girl! :)
we basically been on the phone all night. =)
just me and edward saving lives.. :)
ne was? picture please :)
good morning #iranelection : )
glad to see another fan of the cheese out there. :)
lovie u too!!! josie's on a vacation far away! hope you are having the time of your life. lovie you :)
lo bukannya udah ada? hehe minta pin dong giss yakin dong :) yakinn? hehe
i saw them riding down the footpath and just had to stop and get a shot look at them :)
i've been to morocco :) decided not to go back until i get to live in europe hahaha
ah, well more than likely i'll get one frm ebay, where i get most of my accessories just cuz it's so cheap. :)
goodmorning tweeps :)
it was a gooooooood movie :)
lil different, right? kita = we :d so, if u say mahal kita in indonesia it mean u say we're expensive! lol
at my moms drinking :)
hawt :) wearing my tshirt to bed. goodnight
at least having a 7am delivery doesn't mean having to hang around all day for the delivery people to arrive :)
haahaha. yaudah gpp kok gue cari back up deh. :d
the world craves videos. please make some! and congrats again. i got that text at 3am and it perked me right up :)
i will buddy :) thanks!
nice...sweet dreams babes :)
sip udah gw terima mon, gw pgn tau pendapat anak2 dulu..hehe. thx much! :)
#peopleshould mind their own business :)
im really upset you wont tweet me, its like my dream..please.or follow..i love you girl :)
awww *random guy in hoboken voice* lol :) *drake voice) and yeah, i got home at 3:30 -- get over it. -__-
yes but not as much as i like miam. miley's so happy with liam and i think that's all the matters :)
home and time to unload cat litter, kibble, mega heavy detergent and ginger ale shasta :) along w/other mixins for smoothies :) nite all ♥
thanks! :d xo 16600 #latenightfollow (cont)
sedang prebiu adnan sempit the series ep.1 :)
taking a shot with c before last set. :)
k :) i love you hannah :)
ipad launch day :) well for us customers anyway :( if you're getting one make this your 1st app! #ipad #app
thanks for the #ff sare :-)
off to see the last song!!!! :d <3
heyyy ginna =) ; hey honey how are you ?
lol!!! right?!..smh..well i can't answer that but get ready for some snapshots 2mrw nucca! :)
awwww thts so cute!!. :-) *late reply*
anyone want a sambuca and blueberry ice shot with me #trancefamily??!!! #asot450 hmmmm :-)
oh no...luckily, it is still a month away. i'm still not ready for vegas...still trying to lose a couple of pounds. :)
like, like, like :d
that's why u deleted your background cuz u know i was telling the truth good night sweet dreams =)
im really upset you wont tweet me, its like my dream..please.or follow..i love you girl! :)
long day. just left the studio. got some bangers i see haha :)
ah ffs we will win okay ;) you had to go n make it a competition didn't ya lmao! i shall be in the land of scots first :) xxx
video it! :d in the studio with timbo
lol we could!! :) woooo
i don't like staying at my grandma. good luck! :d xx
you need to listen good music (i'd listen "battle studies") and relax, don't worry, you know you can count on your fans :)
q:are you dating ryan? awww :) a:maybe (:
thank you :)
gotta focus on people's strengths & not weaknesses (constructive criticism). every1 has weaknesses no1 is perfect but everyone is unique :)
thanks so much :) i'll follow you back. yes he's adorable. did you watch percy jackson?
no tmmw my night for you to sing to me :)
#jonasbrothers rockin' my world ! :d
have a great friday night everyone! its easter weekend, i am going to get some sleep. goodnight friends!! :)
so long as you learn that i hail from a southern state; i'm good :)
precious...what's yours? :) what's your name?
wasssssssssup for mannna , ijus hit rest of this locco im goood :)
great great :)
i want to have a daughter and sing justin bieber songs to her :)
thanks mate :) took me a couple of days to let the new age sink in ;)
u know how much dem folks like some good ol traditional easter type food......zzzzzzzzzz :)
the winners is: you get 10 points :)
as long as i'm beating kris i'm happy :d
and if you want me to promote or even list you :) hurry the first 3 people this i will follow !
first to lol :)
i can see you are great at what you do, so i trust you to be my near and dear stalker :d
//saludos para uds :d
hey jasmine :) how are u? .......... ...
sba7 elfol miss dina :) sho akhbark?
:-)
haha yeah it'll do that to ya sometimes (n) not much just gonna go get some food with channie :)
im such a good friend! :) --she ain't lying , she's the bestest ! --:) all love
dear god: can't things just happen effortlessly, w/o much thought on my part? make him just appear in front of me w/a sign :d thx, love you!
=)
nai re, lookin great!! :)
hey jasmine :) how are u? ... ..
ditto that & raise you 10 lol. good thing so adorable could fill global demand :-)
thanks! :)
the wine is good.. i think with everyone's help, i have made the right decision :-)
gotta see and and my cuz tonight... #goodnight #thumbsup :-)
thanks!! :-)
its cause you too hot 2 be true :)
phone is fully charged :)
i feel i should still be asleep :)
time to clock out with my cock out. gn monsters! :)
okay no problem :)
awww e all drunk an shit :) *sighs.. cutie
and if you want me to promote or even list you :) hurry the first 3 people this i will follow !
u kno lol studies have found that da greater da orgasm, means the deeper the sleep. -ohh yea it does :)
i could guess, coz it happens to all of us, tomm is another day n it will happen. just keep at it :)
follow these fan sites :-)
