yep i have :) just search kezia tirayoh..
if your bieber fan or demi fan or joans fan or disney fan or miley fan or selena fan so i can list everyone hahaha :d
thanks :) ask me soeting
i'll list the next who follows : 5 times ! :)
i'll list the next who follows : 5 times ! :)
ah. cool. :)
australia mate :) yehh im going with my friends to greece and italy <33
if multi-tasking is ur concern den i sugest go ahed & get dis 1st version coz mt is just an inevitable software upgrade away :)
it's a manual job and therefore a trade :-)
yes that's how snipers are meant to play. not mixing it up with the smg's and shotguns close quarters. :-)
had a lovely lovely evening thank you! sorry about awful stressful kids :) drive safely xxx
i am enjoying ai wei wei on amanpour! :d :d :d
im car-less as well:( otherwise that would of been sweet ps may of found a 14 seater for 5000 :)
yeah brother and his fiancée however u spell it is coming round lol and then working on a fansite you? :)
thanks for #ff's lovelies :)
honesty ... it's a powerful and amazing thing :-) #perspective
#ff music (i'm a little late but..) have a great easter :)
ace :) where is cargoes?
ummmmv wat ya think about dis twitcon ?? <<< love it *signed #theb00biewatcher* // hehe :)
that would be amazing love :) do you have a contact email? x
thanks for the #ff :)
don't be sad, disappointed...maybe tomorrow everything will be better! keep pushing..we are with you! :)
ahh yeah nice one :)
bonnaroo | cute animation. :)) it seemed like a child drew it. :)
follow--->@dabieberville now! she is really nice and justin replied to her 3 times! go :)
vultures have you heard about toxic (britney spears cover) by versaemerge? what do you think? :)
i wish mate! this is the ultimate liberty!! the most mental time for shows and i'm dead.. thanks a lot! bugs, bacteria! cunt! :)
follow please?! :)
wow hot default pic......luv ya glasses :)
just got off,.... now what? :)
hey :) thanks
aww ur in pain ur gonna b in more when i make u laugh i'm on a hype c u rehearsals :-)
alright :) night :-*
thanx hunny :)
i thought that´s what you meant :)
acordado is awake! :) im asking who is awake
please follow me back too! :) u should!
3 followers to 760 =) gaining fast nowadays!
be-de be-de be-de. hi there tweakey :-)
"happy easter" to all of you :-)
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
#ff----> <------ kus he da shyt... #pointblank.. :-)
saw the whistle podu banner yesday :d much niceness its! i started singing jingle & all friends joined in:d
thanks :)
whaaa? you're in hong kong??! awesome! hope you're having a good time! :)
no i don't need to chose... i'll never get to choose... i'm too fussy... or there might be lot :-) to choosing...
aww thank you :-)
q3 abt to start... lets c wat kubica's does :)
thanks :d
bhuahaha! orisinal! :) i really really really hate waiting! it feels like fucking a low bat dildo!
doğru :)
hey! can you list me? i"ll list yah back :)
is it cold in argentina ? :)
okey. clue. that's spelling they spell that way :d
lookin out for my friends is what i do best :-)
i will indeed! have a nice night sir :)
awww but sharing is caring. & it will be fun. =)
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
yeah :d
well, you already broke that rule :d
9 days to budday :d
np! :) hannah still mad at you?
trust me, i will. thank you :)
ewww!! i dare you to do it!-->rt i #doubledogdareyou to stop what you are doing and smell your belly button :) lmfao
happy birthday benny! necking some original pilsner in your honor :)
saints are going to beat roos by 200 if this keeps up :-) #afl
fuck. you guys are awesome :d only 27 lists away from 1.ooo :d love ya ♥
hahaha thanks :)
just had a hotel chocolat easter egg delivered. thank you very much val :) i
excellent :-) i *want* to be able to give positive feedback far more often than negative & find lots of others do too :-))
lol i know it would be hot!! u should do it! i can see it makin u a pastry kicks spokesperson b/c of it 2 :)
you're welcome :)
oder so. ;) guggenwill! :d
awww yeah at the beginning i hate her too. but now dont anymore cause i think shes one of the prettiest ladies in hollywood :)
what's your formspring? i'll follow you :)
if you are intelligent :)
the weird but wonderful cuttlefish, so ugly it's cute :) #fish #reef #nature
hahahahaha good one. lucky :d
its fun though :) i like puttin in work kuz its a challenge 2 me haha
okay ill be at 14,710 :) ad u
3hours of work done already. . . .wishing i was in my bed :)
bargs! yeah mine's luckily only sort walk bout 2 miles away. don't go too often though, to many online deals! :d
whos going to see kick ass with me ?! :d
there is something about your tweets but you seem to have a very interesting life,lls!<lol y thank u :)
crazy horse didn't have a candle so they brought a flaming sambuca shot with 3 coffee beans for nick :) he had to have it
:) can't wait 2 see him ,omg! i kno he's veryyy lil! :)
aww thank you :) is it morning where you live?
ikr? well, more of a "boundaries" report. a girl can get tired, you know. =)
#shoutout to one of ma new followers -- from what i can see in his twitcon he's a cutie lol #follow him ladies =)
i know! :) *hugs* hope you're not feeling so rough today. x
follow if you ive in biebers dream world :)
car broke down. good thing we're men- fixed it in minutes! :) yup!
i contacted scvngr again and got a reply. they are still waiting to hear about uk use. thanks for the help. :)
and are the focus of author michael norton's new blog post --> check it out & pls rt! :)
for sure, including yours truely :)
lmfao.... follow me thaaan :)
if u cant stop thinkin about :)
will there be an uncivilised every man for himself, no queuing re-start to q3? let's see a bottleneck at the pit exit :) #f1
bit by a dog. bleeding from the leg now. raff my rass off. never attempt to stop a fight :d
healthy!!! sounds very good too :)
dear friends, thank you for your rtl : )
what a lovely day. i have a hot date today :)
guy's! let's make #welovesteph a tt.i heard that her dad & cousin are both really sick, & she's a belieber. jonas fans: pls? :)
morning all, all ok? chilled start to the day, mia slept till 8! :) now in work.
awesome :) have a good time :d
dey have officially been roasted :d
rise and shine today its b-day time!! :)
haha not, but this april about 12th till 21th i stay there :d actually i go to austria and praha too ;d
tweet me if u want to be followed back! :)
check your dm :)
ummm..@martindb74 sing this song donny osmond puppy love young hearts have feelings too :)
im backkk. =) sup yall
mar a boxutca poleposert is harc van :) #f1
#on2thanextone :-)
dwdd was a joke indeed in many ways :)
lol :-) yeah i decided on the desire as i was going to get £30/ month contract on voda as it was still free with getting it tues
q3 all set to resume !! both force india cars leading the way :d !! #f1
twas a good night. :) z's now!
thanks glynn! well i'm back in the gym. am getting help with work. and cutting down on the pies. that shud hopefully do it :)
aww luv ron :-)
common follow she needs to get to her goal :d
#gemini has the best sex eva!! nothing like it thus far! :-) -- #youaintnevalie! lol.. #handsdown!!!
i'll list the next who follows : 5 times ! :)
no problem ;)hope it helped ypu a little :)
thanks for the follow honey, i followed back ! :)
hehe.. thank you! :d
haha i hope so :d i'm sure it will be :d x
i agree. still, i think you should smile more frequently on cam :)
apasihhh artis.. hey, nice to know you new followers :)
if your bieber fan or demi fan or joans fan or disney fan or miley fan or selena fan so i can list everyone hahaha :d
it takes at least 2 'naughty' minds to create an out-of-the-box concept, and these two have gathered :d
lucky fuckers going to the peter gig today .. have fun :d please take pictures, and get em on the forum! :) xx
haha, nice. good observation :-)
that is very cool! i'm going to la for about a day (maybe 2) in july. you'll havd to tell mr must do's!!! :-) very exciting!
good morning! getting ready to go to the station to hang out with my best friend =) see you soon baby! i hukiwuba you!
i'm still {hearting} my ramalama bag! it's the best bag ever! :)
#shoutout to one of ma new followers -- from what i can see in his twitcon he's a cutie lol #follow him ladies =)
tech, founder of helped me with the cp pst widget, i added credit to the widget for him :)
yeah, me neither :) save me a seat on the bus ey ey ey
got you theree :)
i'm from germany and you ? :)
youre so preetty :)
no it's not enough sleep hun!....files on there way...i've started :) xx
100 untuk nakedo =)
sounds like a good deal. :) see you guys tomorrow?
wont it be a dream if he follow me :d x
me toooo :) watching me on super stuntin 21
damn me && miss our beckys.. gimme dat && :)
no matter how good or bad you are, golf is a funny game depends on the day. will be a good walk spoiled. :) #golftm
thanks for the rt! :-)
yeah sure :)
haha... how much u work?? :)
you're welcome :)
body pump :) (@ fitness zone, the mall)
whenever i look at david seaman i laugh!! purely because when he came to play in lincoln my brother punched him! :)
i'll list the next who follows : 5 times ! :)
gosh, that place is beautiful!! :d that's so cool mica!!
editing my first vlog atm :) (youtube
ha, the earth spins, i think this adds to our confusion. motion, commotion, bring the lotion. :) ox
i dont know what the shop's called lmao, we could do coursework too wills lmao :)
#nowplaying chiddy bang opposite of adults :)
yea, you did :) thanks. people are telling me that they like it :)
'better off ted' is in the current top 5 of eonline's save one show campaign! keep voting :) →
up & at 'em!!! :) today is going to be great!!! :) ~happy saturday!!!~ xoxo
i'm outside putting umbrellas up :) it's good weather today :)
its my birthday in like 2 days :)
what's everyone up to today? much chocolate on the agenda?! tom :)
so far our most popular sock the blue affirmation sock! which of our socks is your favourite? check them out here --> :)
good to know that. weekend is pretty chilled out. work pressure to highs but i dont feel like working today nymo! lets see : )
breakbeat :d :) << ahhh love that pic bs up xxx
followed :)
:) goin to sf tommorow :) wish was still there(:
that would be the best! <3 aaaaaaaaaaaaaah. i'll be having that on my dreams, i guess. lucky you. :)
good morninq lovely twitterworld :d <3
i read the post. i wanted it and didn't even know what it was lol :-)
now, everything you save is crossing that 20% threshold. :-)
"#isthataproblem if i ♥ to tweet until i win the apple #ipad from #123rf.com?""nope, i just want to know the rules before i tweet." :)
nih ambil (?) bagi bagi dong-_- nah gitu dooong baru ol 5 menit followers udh nambah 4 :d
:-) my bird book says its a victoria crowned pigeon and google confirms. i'm a bird geek. hope it helps!
have fun with your new toy tomorrow morning :)
leaving seijogakuen and heading to roppongi for augmtokyo :)
hehehe getting into my avatar and ill be gone for a few days. see you when i get back :)
has been good :)
do you also belong to green tweeple? :-)
did u jus stand and stare :) ru not supposed to be at work?!
wow super focused on the prize but cedric gervas had to come fuk it up :)
not at covent garden market today due to some last minute problems but will be back soon! go check out the other lovely stalls :)
come on beliebers, go answer my previous wyr question, please :d i'll your answer!
awww...thank u! :) lol!!! have a goodnight, and thank you for listening!!2morrow will be better for u!! u rock! :) gnight!
hahah :d did i got you something :d lol
... "i shall return" ... :)
i know right!! and hilary duff was simply amazing :)
good morning hun! how are you today? =)
so surprised to see my #cv project on main gallery! yay! :) #design #typography... #typography
so surprised to see my #cv project on main gallery! yay! :) #design #typography... #typography
lol, nah, it's just something he says :l you'll be getting wrink;es soon! :d
best jb fan's ever.can you plz reply you have more followers than verified wow! :d
welcome : )
so surprised to see my #cv project on main gallery! yay! :) #design #typography... #typography
i like your pun very much. i am guessing your car is painted red :)
