lol, hey at least you've worked :) i've only got an extra spot (uncredited) on the ranger charlie & roscoe show as a kid :p
we have some crazy hysterics going on in this hotel room right now also... no sleeping for us. la in 3 hours!!! :)
thank you for the #ff! you're too sweet :-)
oh no you didnt ! :o , ;-) ") (: :d ^^
morning flower :) x
eff u!! lol >>rt bianca its 1 am, no1 wants to hear u trend, so #juststfu hahahaha i'm jk :d
this is my 10th tweet in about 2 minutes :)
follooooowww :)
yo people follow right now she's a newbie k thanks :d
put #iplnights at the end of your tweet :)
hello :)
nowhere should be deemed "further away" in this day and age! so sad. i'm sure social metrics will be worth the wait though. :-)
won an easter egg! thought i wasn't going to get one this year! m&s mr potato head from meadowhall just turned up :d i'm no longer eggless!!
oh..are you referring to beck being the mascot vagina for his high school? :)
were changing our usernames, you should too :)
:) beer is proof that god wants us to be happy
how long you been waiting dear? :)
no, u wont! coz im ur fav special kid 'member? :) lol ima tackle u wen i see u lol shitrt soz if i was be..
vegas baby! really big :d
thanks for following! have yourself a great weekend :)
shoutout .... and thanks .. :d
lol its koo don't let it happen again love lol jk nite babes :)
oh wow i did lmfao goodnight :)
yayyyyyy not missing it :) happy birthday again in that case.....i hope you have an excellent one :)) xxxxx
just closed down true confections and some amazing vanilla layer cake with happy stomach, happy soul. :)
i love fridays w/ i really wish kmel would give him another hour :)
come say hi 2 on the door. he's amazing, the best door man on the planet, good looking, charismatic & thoughtful :-)
from webdesign clients in daily life :)
that person clearly doesn't know quality. :)
prepare for the third and so on :)
everyone went to sleep and twitter is dead.its 3:51 am.gooooodnight / goooodmorning! :)
hello.can you follow back?im the bff of :) & im from la :d
tere ilus kevad ... oh, wait. bring back the snow pls :)
me and my mate are going today (badges on) and a friend of mine is going with 4 of her friends from work :)
a really dumb girl i know became a fan of evry emotion u've felt/thought u've had & ur cute idiosyncracies lol :) unironically
i just want u to know that im praying for u everyday. hope ur doing good :) love u <3
we need to get #jonasbrothers 1. on the tt for :d
hello... good luck with your move :)
ooc; no problem :)
rots ur teeth like.......,,,,, like......,,,, something that rots ur teeth bad!!! & ur tummy. take er ez on that goo. :)
goodnight jim! oh, and if you happen to see a green mask in your room, please don't put it on.... :d www.cdbaby.com/hanskarl2
go go go rubinhoooo!!! you are the best!!!! :d
giveaway :d
2 the right of north dakota...to the left of wisconsin....and y'all shit on iowa =) i be on that crip-tonite.
i won't be able to go on twitter this weekend but i follow everyone back when i get back :) i still text tweets tho :) <3
yeay :d :d xd
to share with us amazing authors and bloggers? :d
#shoutout back at ya! supp? :)
hard to express how excited we all are about our upcoming releases & innovations ! keep your fingers crossed :)
i'm uploading video on facebook that i took this morning at school. video of my ele-friends singing baby. :)
ill be at 14,635 :)
2 more tweets :d
texas is pretty awesome! :) i want to live in la or nyc or... texas! god please... : (
i know :-) this is break time
chelseaaaa to win tnight :)
he has some nice work this year for his up coming exhibition :)
if you watched the #bieberordie video!! :d
has stiff arms from lugging boxes.apparently the only things i collect are books :) heavy pointy-ish things
first rated r movie :) yay yay yay :) hot tub time machine.
thanks :)
i sure do. i'll email you as 140 characters isn't long enough :)
ah great song too :)
guess, okay just guess where i'll be at 9.30am on the 15th of september. guess. take a wild stab in the dark. :d :d :d :d :d
you look so beautiful in your profile picture it's so good to be back in shape truely fabulous! :)
good morning everyone :)
that being said , thanks lovε : ) fuck everybody else, yeah take it as a comment with your sexy ass!
nothing more to say. he's totally urs! :d
thanx for the reco bro :) #embee
great help, thanks :)
gooooooooooooooood :d
yes being sold in a record shop in my dreams... :)
great way tp start the day a spinning class and then a swim :-)
who's using blackberry phone? i need your pin,guys :d
yeap in vietnam now! :)
dis n da movies wit was fun <3 n now i'm at crib..it's livvee :)
not sure gloss white would be a good look for it :)
guys my doj is on april 20th :-) :-) :-)
i love you too <~ :) yes love makes the world go around ;) #whydidigetmarriedtoo
only a tiny handfull of tix left to our brisbane and melbourne shows next weekend. www.myspace.com/shortstackband for tix. can't wait! :)
thanks! :d
do you have bad credit ? need money for a new home ?
you need to go to ... now free to join :-)
i think they should give out cup cakes to everyone in the waitin room :-)
#nowplaying butterfly by :) :) :)
great to see you the other day steve, looking forward to hearing sams stuff :)
do you have a map? i just keep on getting lost in your eyes. :d #blindquotes
thank's for deleteing me on myspace :)
this is so fucking gay :) #desertstraddle2010
#welovesteph #welovesteph course :d x
thats alrightt and awesome! :d lmao :l don't worry, i had my friend round for a sleepover so i couldn't stay on too long.<3
i'm not sure...but i'm pretty sure...im tired*but not*lol...i think ill watch a movie or something unproductive like tht :-)
please please please wish a happy birthday, you would make her day :)
nighty night :)
goodnight :)
lol :) dont make me take off my belt lil one
and here we go! its raining :) target no 19 and 20 for this malaysian gp!
lol...that's good. =) mine was good too..the only bad part was my softball game getting cancelled at the last minute.
aaaawww lucky youuu!! hehe turut senangg :d
awwww yeah i know it's so annoying if u can't sleep. u should do a twitterspree :d haha <3 xo
#juststfu & watch my video :) -->
okay :d shoutout 4 shoutout ?
