shout me out! :) 2 more ♥
now that putted a huge smile on my fase. i expected something unusual... but this goes beyond that! :-)
iyaaa beneerr :) kak,, film the camp itu yg tayang di transtv ya ?? tdi liat (cont)
new miley cyrus bg! :d click "view full size" and save it. comment if you take it or if you use it. (c)teamk2jon
how are u? thanks for the #followfriday ^_^ tired how about u?
:-) should make for an exciting race tomorrow
happy anniversary to you and :)
=) there you go again
yep :) noticed it from here too :d
yeah sure :) where will you be at?
awsomee ;) wich song? :d
yar i will :) kinda freaky the soundtrack to my dream was "dream weaver"...last heard it when watched "the people vs larry flynt"
everybody's a little bit racist, sometimes :-)
good morning! hope you all have a lovely bank holiday weekend! :)
yeah. i hope so. lol. :)
holy shit. q2! first time ever :) go heikki yeah!
40 mnts walk and jog with papa, ended with beli pisang ambon :)
pre-tweet!!! forget that last one! going to ireland to meet my future wife :)
thanks for the #ff and happy easter :)
prince just perfomed the hell outta "the beautiful ones"....he just too cool in this movie!!lol #purplerain :)
aww thanks sweetie :)
yay!!!! haha youtubers are like celebrities to me and just replied to my comment. =) my night is made...haha
follow me back please? thanks :)
me too cuz u said u're not that into frogs ?.. lol.. somehow we went 4m freddy nite mares 2 frogs? :)
hellooo :)
mie (= exact aia si cu "russian roulette" mi-au placut cel mai mult. :d
but omfg, i am so freakin sleepy right now. i'd love to stay up and tweet my brains out witchu but i need rest. lol :)
gonna get up now :) have a bath and get ready :) tweet later xxx
me too! so addicted to it.. =)
hes the best all the time. not really. >.<! your my fave. :d
dooom inshalla =) any plans for today?
the rain has weakened already so it's all good. anyway, happy #spurssaturday :)
shoutout for theeee new follower >> heard a couple of his songs he goess ham #followw noww . :) hollaa
ii will list you off ma other account :)
enjoy the warmth of the nomadesk buff :-)
i'll cheers to that!! :) *hugz*
check out and spread the word with ur massive fanbase :) thanks =3
:d one of the most under-rated features!
help! 2 more please :) please.
okay what do i have to get ya? :) u have to get me to 6,748 :)
#shoutout2dagirlz that don't wear a pound of m.a.c. on their faces and can go natural and still be beautifull ^_^ *woot woot*
*hugs back* np! :) i'm great, thanks! and ya? yeah :d i love ur new pic!!
the song? yeah :)) i like his songs...they sound...kiddy :d
is a good interpretation possible for pig? :-)
ty very kind :-)
packing for vegas! yee buddy :)
one of our co-owners (me, actually lmao) is a co-owner over at you should totally go check out their ah-mazing site! :)
finish the presentation, will catch up later :)
ridiculously happy thanks to <3 had fun watching clash of the titans with him :)
lo gue liat yg pertama din :d maliq,boogiemen,soulvibe,21st night
you guys rock! thank you for : )
thanks for the #ff and happy easter :)
lol! 7places ahead!! he shd be 24th :d #f1 button will start 17th
thank you :)
lol.. u gettin old or what?! lol.. okay.. hit me when u get on.. :)
i'm goin' skateboardin :d watch out i might get better than you :d haha i love sk8ing it's my life be afraid cuz bobo is here
good morning :)
good luck :) come to singapore soon!
u2? btw, man utd takes up chelsea in 3hrs :d
hello welcome. lot's of fun and learning round these parts :-)
i'm so proud of you :)
{official} happy 23rd birthday young sky! you will be able to leave msgs for the whole week! go crazy! :d
just caught up on twitter,so it's 7.30 at blueys? i'm comin in yellow :d
q:hahaha nah the more out of control the better ;)... a:ofcourse :)
lol and porcelain spoons for soup! and we eat by hand too, and neatly! with rice and curries? :d skillz yo
lol aww thank you =)
aw! ty(; speak 2morrow my lovely! bye xxx :d
#jonasbrothers are my life :)
happy saturday!! :d ♥
=) thank you yo...u told me what my closest friends couldn't. i would marry u off of that statement alone.
anytime sweetie! ;) just read you're tweet te chel. haha. thanks btw :) i♥usm! ur you're a great pal.
morning folloe doc- to-be =)
u tell them matt haha :) .. wats the deal with u and hernandez lol..u way more better then him is that right? lol
thank ya :d #followfriday
it is a work of art to truly be yourself. gnight. :d
i'm gon go to oakland tomorrow its maia birthday !! my lil baby 15 today :)
camerons birthday is this month on the 5th :)
im gonna redo that song. everybody telling me its hot and thats dope. i appreciate that. but i think i can end it better. =)
cool hun i taking pics of the road march so i'll see ya<woooopeeeee if i goin indefinitely il let u kno :d
hey :d
thnx to friend mite be going for eve match :)
good piece on benegal although i think last week's piece was peppier than today's. nevertheless, very enjoyable :)
time flies when you're having fun, nietwaar :-)
getting dressed to go to shopping mall :d
aww hope your ok chip! you'll see them sooon :d x
thanks for the #ff and happy easter :)
i still lubb youuu tho ^_^
thank you :)
ok . just let me know what you wanna say and il translate it for you :)
ha ha, i would but i'm not sure how many license plates i can see from my bed. : )
it's 11:27am :)
#ff means fantastic fun :d lol
unable to follo bak 2day til i get my numbers up. i hav sum "unfollowers" need to no if its truetwit? will follo asap :-)
now following think you should all follow him :) xx
5 easter chick card kits & 5 spring flowers kits £10 for the lot including postage & packing..dm your email address to pay paypal :)
ohh thx for the info jenniferrr :d hehe oyasumi means gnite miuu
follow me back please? thanks :)
huge shoutout to =) cheeky n kayla r awsome =) check out thier channel + sub -> =d
haha no worries. thank you! :)
ohh, i was convinced it was today. well, celebrate again! hope you have a fun second birthday! :)
thank you! :d x
byee everyybodyy see ya'll in glassgow :) xxxxxx
:)
hella high in this car ready to get my jack in the box & go home to my bed =)
ahahahaha u have bf already ?? :)how young are , if u don't mind?? :)
i ran out :d
jen,i have to go to my grandparents.sorry..but hey see you tonight hunnie ? :d byee.ilyso.<3
and tha rain has disappeared..seems god din't want ferrari and mclaren to get thru q1 :d :d #f1
does that mean i need to man up? :-)
morning and thankyou for the reminder :-)
beautifully sunny today :d
wow...dat must b hectic...but i bet u jus love dat der all de own lil person =)
ah man. too much pwnage today. i need to sleep to regain my strength ahahahaha. getting mw2 tomorrow! :d #mw2 #cod6
yes of course! email me at katy creativeboom.co.uk and happy easter. :)
awww!! be happy again! i'm happy to follow you!! come on, you can do it! :-)
you're always there when i need you :-)
iyaa hehe 3 hari :d thankuuu darling :*
i'm sorry ='( my fone broke, i'm here for u =)
hey football man :-)
:d i'll meet you there by owl city :d
if you have my tweets sent to your phone! :) <33
i'll be happy to pay your poker buy-in cos i'll just win it back :) don't forget our little bet craig
:d tell me bout it i got an headache dont tell anyone i told u..cause im not really suppose to be telling..lmfao xd
--> **| $$$ × . . . = 1/2 × :) |** . . . . #money is only #half of #happiness . but #fuuuhk . it makes it much more achievable :)
follow me back please? thanks :)
\o/ thank you :d x
then don't follow me :) problem solved dear hey ur so annoying na!
electro dance music for a change ^_^ pretty exhausted from dancing it's an amazing workout! lol
now i'm really enjoying staring at my new mj firefox skin from give in to me :d
that will hate? i'm not worried ... they will all love me :) i don't know any (cont)
nahddaa in bed w. a brain block . :) feeling accomplished
hey girl how r u?? :-) xx
thnk u :) u got some long ass hair i dig it
i know that u love to be the hunny bunny :d i´m reading newmoon and tweet with u an watching formular1 ♥ to be jelly bean
the tour one? it's good too :d
ask me anything at all =) --->
once you end the chat, there's an option next to start new chat that says share this chat :) ..and i just said chat a lot haha
btw;fuq yooh :d
;) makasih infolimitnyaa :)
i love the #jonasbrothers !! <3 :)
yeah! tll campaign for senior sheba is a great idea flickie!!! she like sheba too, be better in senior. i ask her :) xx
marnie!!! i hope you're having a wonderful day with those people you love :) happy birthday, dear *hugs* <3
i worry i weigh 3x my body, i worry i throw my fear around #nowplaying clarity-john mayer :) setiap dengerin ini pasti bikin tenang bgt :3
hi!! are you planning to buy a #guitar? can we help you with it? :)
q:folback yah :) a:oke .followed
:-) ok ladies and gentlemen-- i have officially gone over to the other side and broke my credit -- tweeting from a macbook!
goodnight my luv :)
please make her a wish and follow : :)
shoutout to --> <--- my belieber friend 4 ever! we both love♥ justin bieber forever also! :)
it rained a little. :-)
came home to an easter basket! yay!! :)
lmao! you'll get the hang of it as you tweet more & more. it can get addicting lo. =)
oh, yeah! :d haha i live near seattle. ;d where do you live? d: i didn't know but a lot of people live by me. .-.
thank you for whoever you are :)
mmm :d "<=== this cat can stare for a thousand years! ♫
i have 182 group invites etc on facebook, about 40 of which are frm fucking farmville, i aint making one! get over it please! :)
can't both of them be done together? :) keep your talent rolling!
the building :) later on, i'm gonna go on icq & tell you more about this place if you wish :)
in this paradise i have my nap at least twice a day; one on the beach and one in the spa :-)
the oprah show :)
pretty cool! :) the world premiere of the things for ipad music video:
of course :) i will tell yah if i'm on pc :)
i own a ur and am member of quattro owners club amongst numerous audi forums and bearer of several quattro books :-)
dood! no way :-)
shoutout for shoutout'? :)
ahh my bed never felt so good! i'm drowning in all my pillows :) .. gn twiggas!
making a background, hopefully someone will use it? :-)
anyone having problems with the site? (not personal but pc related :) please email us your problem at robsessedtips at gmail dot com
.. hehe.. thank uuu ulfa utk rekomendasi nyaaa.. hihihi :)
tweeties: especially happy easter wknd :)
thank you for the #ff mentions too! =*] and, happy easter to you! annnnnd, good luck with your writing on your wip! :)
can you please wish a happy birthday? :d
*woooooohooooo* i shall be around about 11 i'll pick up cake enroute :-)
this was the hardest week of my life!!! after today i think i have super human powers!!!i really must have them!! :-) but glad its over
i want to watch clash of the titans and babe i love you. i wonder if we'll watch one on monday :)
my goal for april is to reach 15k impressions of asom and 150 rss readers, will you help me out? :)
ah shit dude! oh well, awesome holiday time for you then. dealio, see you when you're back. :)
haha! i thought so :d
can't wait for the studio session later today now. for all the fans i just made, ill leak that joint again tomorrow night! =)
guyssss congrats yaaaa...wish i could be there! :) :) :) i want photos ya!!
good morning everyone :)
bed time is at 4 :)
back(: haha when my sister is dancing she looks so cute haha ;d and all the other little girls from her group too :)
sip! pastinya :) lovee u most fm! ooow..sore ne,.,ok be'carefull say..nexttme main ke mdn lag okok..tnkyuu =0
wkwkwk tapi nggu smpe batre low dlu:d ayoo cpetan loww :d
my eye keeps twitching, got some fearless album to get ready to :)
i'm little creatures, brunswick st to drink hops for easter departure :)
sorry ashley but your like my new bff :)
i ammmm :) who up with ohhwillyy?
yw :) i have been to all four corners of the country. if ever you need tips about where to go, just ask.
leaving for jp with nabilah and ili :d
whatcha doin? =)
see you later nice chatting with you :)
i don't think i understand f1 qualifying. but hey, friends is on 4 :)
ok byeee!! cuidate mucho :d
just got a voicemail from my babies i love these girls :-) that made my morning #goodwomen
*hugs* about your grandma... i'm not so good at consoling words, but i'm really good at distraction :d
thanks :)
my mom was like "you got home at 1:14! don't think i didn't hear you!" me:"so?" aha i found my phone charger yay :) was awesome
