love to u...rt thanks for the rtl!! =)
helllooo :) wooo someones awake! god they're all lazy eh? ;) lol oj i'm good ta you? :) xx
hehe, its great fun... goo exercise too... uses muscles all over the body! :)
it only took two weeks and we caught on fire, i think she's got it out for me, but i wear the biggest smile. =) lol
younger then me,but he always can be a good listener.my big brother :)
please follow me back? thank u! :)
#jonasbrothers ;) i love you, you are my world, my inspiration :)
i'm on the train to london too :-)
cute pic :) goodnight !
hello there iecha. where do you come from? :)
hmm, as i said, i think that the quality of the code is as good as the programmer, the language hardly mattters :)
goodnight world =) i lover mi babers <3
'morning..almost 11:00 a.m. here.. :) in la is night, right now..so goodnight guys! sweet dreams! i'm with you!
morning everyone! today is leona's 25th birthday! let's all wish her #happybirthdayleona ! let's get it trending :d x
it was gorgeously sunny here until about half hour ago, now the clouds and wind are gathering, waiting for me! lol =)
st pete beach, tampa here i come :)
off to go watch alvin & the chipmunks 2!!! :d
ha! you're forgiven. i can't pretend i ain't happy. in love at least. everything else i'm still figuring out as i go along. :)
c u 2night bro....and tuesday :)
thankyou :)
just like leg it back to your house. :l and push everyone out the way and you'll be fine. :d x
why do you not follow: come on guys, follow her and i'll list you 16 times. do it :)
ur very open minded thats wats important :-) im glad u feel comfy here i try to keep the vibes clear but im not perfect
haha ur welcome :) <3
thinks should tweet :) ... iv missed him tweetin 3 times ö ... i hate being creditless :'( lol xx
yeaaaaaah i think so ^_^
one of the most anticipated albums in 2010 :)
its a getaway of sorts. away from the city. if uve watched avatar it might ring a bell... :)
thanks gary, you too :)
if you ♥ the #jonasbrothers :d
pleaca cineva din sau trece prin bv inspre bc diseara? :) if so, ma luati & pe mine? i travel light.. doar ca-s cam racit
thanks dear. :)
haha, thanks okay :) which one??
i love mi fab 5 i don't kno where i would be w out them we run guam :)
and that's damn nice of you <3 thanks again! :)
enough to be worth the bit.ly landgrab :-)
#ff #follow: he's a positive dude, he's a dreamer, and he's a good source for "wiki how to's" (keep them coming fam!). lol :)
yes i am...we shall finally meet! :) #tweetcrawl rt: hey! you doin the sunset crawl tomorrow? i am
jk :)
please go follow >> (5 ppl) ill give u shoutout just tell me :)
excellent! and you and too :-)
g'night purrdy lady :)
i love the sound of birds chirping as i go to sleep. :)
notin atm fam, jst wit em peeps. sup wit u«»«»oh bouy, i jst woke up mehn!no meat yest nd man gast drnk juice :d
and i didnt fuckin ask u either :)
happy birthday nic! and happy easter for tomorrow! =) ~~thank you, anders! happy easter to you too! xx
prime weather tomorrow good for some photography :)
i think i can get to 2000 :) wanna help :)
if you have a severe case of bieber fever and your burnin' up! :)
i know, i love her too! right now i'm listening to her 'here we go again' album :)
okay :d & and then i upload then on twitpic :d
the last song $ 5.1milioni al box office :d
happy bday :)
:-) what u doin up?
an easter party on a budget. | baby budgeting: have you had an easter party? / :-)
anytime :) lee is rooming w/ us so he'll behave :)
hey :) !! ah thank you soo much ! so glad you liked it . we'll definitely be back soon !! x
are you around sunday? :) (and not busy!)
that is astonishing. i never thought people could be that far up themselves. as for not clever they fell for it! :-)
lmao *tear tear* yourr silly nigga, can i call you nigga ? lol<- #racistalert ..lol jk of course idc! :d
cute pic :) goodnight !
me too but im home sick n bad =( but i will be better tom. =)
i'm not sure 100% but i think so :d
dinner & a movie... girls night out... fun times :)
hw is ur native :)
my pleasure :)
hahahaa, jokes bubba :)
mr. tees al rescate :)
hi booo hey how u doin :)
yeah looking forward to it... gonna meet up with some tweeps there too hopefully :)
if you need to get hold of me, you can do it or see you all soon-soon! :-)
:-) me can't sleep
looks bad. thank god is right. glad to hear it turned out that way :-)
i'd love it if schumacher started on pole and we got to see everyone overtaking him hahaha. c'mon nico :) #f1
me either :) dtp baby omg i cant wait to party with u! and the whole fam
haha! =d i was gonna drink tonight but didn't go out. maybe tomorrow =)
yo i sware my timeline always poppin bahaha i dont have thousands of followers like sum but i wouldnt change my followers 4 the world! =)
that is soooo loopy... :d dear god i'm so sleepy -_- oh dear allah... i'm so tired!
now mv baby boy on tv ~ kamikaze club ch5 wooooo!! :d : : cooooooll~ >3<
ya lor choose teams based on color la you haha :-)
cool :)
#madness! #yhp / :-)
thank ya for the rt!! #happybirthdayleedewyze :)
jus came iinda criib & shyte! :) feeliin #niiiccceee! hey twiiter
may b cos i tried giving up da habit!!! :)
follow us? we are a tribute page to shawn michaels. thanks. :)
thanks :-) off now to clean the house and cook up a storm as my parents are visiting this wk/end for easter
:) "do not follow where the path may lead. go instead where there is no path and leave a trail."george bernard shaw
i'm visiting bathgate for the first time today. i will boldly go where has gone before :)
sure. i'll be at 5.161, you? :)
bass aise hi... ur spcl you see..!! :d
sounds like ya havin a blast :)
fill level detection! new eventphone feature: call 6283 (mate), blow your 0,5l clubmate bottle and get the fill-level :-)
we plan on going to the venice event yes! :)
#ff for the sports tweets and the great sense of humour :)
pr update ongoing! hindi na betlog ang macuha.com! yeba! :d
ledu, work undi :| but spent 3 weeks with my family in chennai this month :d
look what i bought :d #firefly #serenity
yeah. it's easter tomorrow \:d/ i have none :| it's her mommy's birthday today :p how about you? :)
guys , maybe shoutout 4 shoutout?! :)
ask me a question and il give you a shoutout :)
