bcoz....i'm chineese at heart :d x
whatever thats bothering you, isnt worth it homie. take care of your body :)
bye guys! thank u for all what u did! :) <333 love ya! esp.
good to hear :d im fine, just crazy :d wubu2? busy? holidays good? xd
:) thanks x
holl text me when you find out where it is and how were getting there and tha bab :)
dont touch my cookie if you aint go eat it! : )
happy easter! (if you celebrate it) :d
im doing well :)
how r u?
i'm going to be flying there on the caffeine. and the multiple bags of campos beans i'll be bringing :)
i will put it beside my mirror with my florida ones so i can see it every morning :)
hahahahaha new man :)
on my way to the airport :) -j
i was hearing a 2 pac song buddy :) blaze it aye
to follow someone is an option right? no need to nagging around. off twitter dulu ya :) ^_^
thanks for shoutout :) x
lol. they're so sweet when they do that. :)
abit of both i think mate. shes just said i can stop at hers for le nite. so i can go transmission now :d
tehnicki with suza and filip and . mogao bi se preselit ovdje :)
lmao...haha thanks love :)
helen has only one had today...not easy for repairing things! fortunately deanne is here too :) happy saturday!
thanks :)
thanks guys! :) tampa man dreams up foursquare day" #4sqday" st. petersburg times
thx you :d
subbing for tomorrow at stylz at 11:30am :)
hugs & *carpe diem* back to you :)
i'm good too =) have u seen the bieber or die videos ? :))
lol yessir :)
oh shh. of course your not boring. :)
so has joined me in bed now we are waiting on hubs to bring us breakfast in bed :)
morning! the sun is out here!!!! off to walk jacob before it's gone! have a fun day you too :-)
it's yum! next time you're in the marmite mood try one =) i've never had the steak one i'm kinda veggie now.
you're welcome :) how are you?
yes bro :) 2 matches!
ayeeee ella in this bitch <3 :d .......x
its been to long! never again lol i got to see to night! too fucking pumped :)
thanks ya syim :d
<--- pleae comment on these new pictures of me :)
u want ah freaky girl?! ;; welcome 2ma world =)
shoutout to >>> :-)
i'm fine, thanks, still a bit sleepy xd, you ?? =)
ok thank you anyway :) x
good plan :)
ni hao? :) hey you
lol yeh hopefuly pete will show, i think he will :d and im not sure what it means for shambles :'( hopefully theyll cary on xx
good morning!! had a lovely lay in for the first time in ages :d how are you all ?
good morning :) enjoy your day!
haha. great :) and how did class go?
if for you the #jonasbrothers the coolest band alive :)
greetings phil oh & of course & & & & & :-)
one of these days you need to put in that api link. "smackdown is over" and leave the rest blank :)
3 more followers please give u massive shout outs :d x
woolworths.co.uk 2100 ms points for 4 quid use this code zz437 :-)
thanksss and ohkayyyy try & get mree people :) x: thanksss and ohkayyyy try & get mree people :) x
i had a good show with the anal beads. who didn't come u missed a good show. <~ that.is.awsome :)
missus! how are you? i had a week of no booze, then i boozed last night. oof. easter, shmeaster :d
do you have to have the person in the room to do their reading? ('scuse tarot etiquette ignorance!) :)
sunblock and sun hats would be good as we are based on the coast :)
hungry. early italianni's :) eat eat eat ...
thanks! :)
hey :) how are u?
you're preaching to the choir young man :d and i know a thing or two about eating disorders :p i still approve though :d
ma darouri nashir ghasilatna 3a twitter. bas iza wa la boud: i didn't know the name of my mac: tole3 joelle's pc :)
happy easter to you and your family virgil be well and stay safe :)
followed.liest me pleasee ? :d
that happened to me in pokemon emerald. but i don't care, i'm starting all over again. :)
6,000th tweet goes to these tweeps :d
hey o babe :)
poor you i spent many an easter in the west country as a young 'un. bring out the board games :)
it is a bit of a joke isn't it :)
thanks i love your icon to :)
says how's everyone!!! super glad to be back online!! :)
anyone with 2000+ followers wanna help me to 3000 ? :) or maybe :(
morning world :)
just the job for me :)
yaay n dubz tickets r finally heree :)
thq :d
a song about freedom. | enjoyed that ! :)
followed :)
no rest for the wicked :)
hah what you in ldn for? apparently ldn to be delayed by mate that has missed me apparently :-)
what about #lollipoptheater :) am on my bb so can't link you but look up www.trendlollipoptheater.com :d
mbl saya mogok aj duluu di dpn stasiun cawang,anyone around? kindly stop by to help me pls wud greatly appreciate it,thank u :)
haha yeah its :d xx
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
oh cool london has amazing ppl there :)
oh ur welcome! do let us know if/when u need any assistance ya! tq! :-)
now following i'm bored. i enjoy drunk people. makes sense :)
masseuse is here! time full body massage :) xoxoxo
:) new styling?? great! do post a pic! :p me no great plans as such! will write a blog post! n praying tat u stay longer here!
trust me it was no joke that war almost washed ne out into the sea & friends were just laughing :)
*hugs* you've always got your twitter friends! :)
ok lil one i'll be quiet ndd sureee =)
u just got the drunk voice note! :)
was what lucie is me :)
i had hash browns :d
back from swimming pool :d
lol that conjures up an interesting vision! :)
not feeling good. << what happened varun? :)
