about to host this "body painting contest" its finna go wild daaa daaa dayummm :)
thank you for following us. for information on our work, please visit www.supportsupernatural.com. :)
shuffling bites around is a simple and fun activity in comparison to doing similar things with people :)
of course i will :)
que bom ! :)
me neice is here! :)
cool! i want my own bot too lol :d :p
hey long day but back on my own couch now :-) have a good weekend
i got you :) i'll get donnie and my mom to vote for you too real quick :)
nice to meet you too honey :) i am good but i have to leave now for work maybe we can talk later ok xoxo
that's so sweet-thank you :)
pretty good. just waking up for a much needed nap lol :-)
oh yeah she's a legend :-) (@easterfest)http://yfrog.com/bcoufj
especially always has her ducks in a row so to speak, no bs it's the best shows on tv. :)
search twitter for tedxnile.. the audience was tweeting all the night long :d
going to bed after day 1 of #eastercon. seen friends which is always nice :-)
like you need another reason to dine at freds /via -- thx! :)
blahh going to bed, seeyaaaa :) have a nice sleep everyone :):
blahh going to bed, seeyaaaa :) have a nice sleep everyone :):
sent :)
back home now after long day trip to bristol, london town amuses as usual :) love this city heh..
did you hear? i get to see adam in boston! :-)
¿che pasa? sure, that's all we need is socialism in our tonic water. :d
shoutout to my 6800th follower :)
thank u for the impromptu q&a session!! i had a lot of fun talkin w/ u guys! gonna get purrddy for dinner, then to see the peepshow!!! :)
thanks for the #ff love :)
new hair. :)
i am looking forward to #volunteer for tomorrow! they can always use your help, labor or donation, and more followers :)
damn that was late hey sexy :) ~ i didn't see this : ( #heyyourselfhotstuff
suuuuuure! i believe you! lmao!!!! :d
guys just 4 more for :) follow her and il give you a shoutie :) just tell me you did kaayy?
tomorrow!<alright, u killing them tho :-)
give a shoutout and i will give you a shoutout in return! :)
easter is this sundaaaeee!that means that muhhfuckin rabbit is coming to my house :) and im getting a chocolate bunny!
wow! thanks so much for that...it really means alot. there are time i question that ability :)
anytime! i'll trade you all the vino you can drink for one of your beautiful necklaces! :) cheers.
follow friday-->>> don't miss out on life.. :) (cont)
:d:d is it up right now? :)
i'm one of the 470 that are following :) aww<3
#ff this gorgeous lady ->>>> =)
i am def going to have to buy a large poster of liam neeson and make him my number 1 pin up guy :-) it must be love
shopping!!! be back in a few! :)
kufur ettigin icin giden followerinin aq, senin yumurtan saolsun :) (twit tarihimde ilktir bu twit)
hey =) what's new with ya??
#getyours. :) bestie just scooped me up, we headin to the movies :)
yeah too right me too:) i'm just excited for tour times, a fuckin love it ;) claireeeeee! :d xxxxxxx
how are you buddy? :)
ok, going to chill and enjoy the rest of the eve. :)
vintage ftw!! i suggest 30s :)
sucks to be in sf and be waiting in line for the ipad. early adoption has its costs :) stay dry!
hate mondays??? got the blues???? say good bye to your boss be happy once more :)
really! even to like call people from around the world its free? :)
that's all i needed to hear. what time do you want me to come and get you? :)
we got to go home early today yay! grabbing dinner for the fam...almost home! we're going to dye eggs tonight :)
totally. gonna focus on sox vs. yanks instead. i'm just jealous i don't have my own app to talk about non stop. :)
#nowplaying basketcase by green day :)
i saw up at my school today!! :) heyyyy triicee!
thanks for the follow :)
thank u. we talked. btw, still need to go to lunch! :)
locked in something big!! it gets fun $ wise now :)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 followers! i will choose 1-3 random people. [you must be following] let's see who i pick :)
thanks -- i was always told to double it and add 30, so that's what i did :-)
i put it on craigslist for $50.... but i could probably do better. like i said, looking to get rid of it. :)
being in nyc :)
are you saying one goal in each period for cammy? sounds good to me. :) #gohabsgo
yesss :) ahhh u live in canada ?
prepared a new ringtone for a birthday party i'm going to tomorrow :-) i shall be annoying
yes, will do! :)
thank you for the #ff ! spring is in the air :) #ff@tanglebank
i see where you went, you're hiding out on twitter. :) we miss ya in the am! #knxv
lmfao ! i ♥ we hella jus made a scene over the phone while i was in the bank . smh . #ienjoy my baybay :)
you can! refresh your twitter client list by tapping the top right of the client screen. :)
thank you for the mention :-)
last time before im on the run: <~~~~ check check it! :)
i have very kind hearted kiddos... :) am a lucky mom
just sent it to ya!! :)
i like it :d x [news post] robin hood tax commercial + bits and pieces + new look!
you can say that again!! same over here!! don't forget to follow back :d
lol thanks dude :)
air sharing hd für ipad! :-)
#ff the bestt on ustreamm, they r od funn follow them :)
i'm off for i don't know how long :) bye!! cant wait for 'the last song' with
it's soo true lol..i'm an aries =)
aww, thank you =)
i need you in my lifeee! :)
yeah :d did you?
lol. i said that my mom was home and i was leaving. :)
nm, just watching tv & tweeting! :) wbu?
:) :-*
new followers heyyyy :)
i whish you will notice me :)
aww :( it happens dont worry :)
but of course! :d
completement boure :)
you guys. we didn't reach the goal, but it's totally cool! check out you can still get shakers if you want! :d
thank you guys for all the #ff's! i'm returning all the ones i have gotten :)
true that, matt. for me, i think i'd pair the song w/an unfiltered washington meritage. not sure why. it just seems to match. :)
as a rafa fan, i take solace in 2 things: he didn't get blown out and soderling didn't make the final. evil. i know. :)
=) im still mad at yu tho -- yy ?
a song for all my fans and girlfriends : ) -- level 42 something about you
