hallo kakakku tersayang :) adek cantik tersayang :3
perhaps it's my karma from cursing thaksin everyday but my grandma says doing so it's not a sin :)
awwww lol -->rt by the way, my evening w/ the bf was perfect :) on my way home. late as usual lol
i intend to become a rrdtool expert :)
yea i know.. thats just an imaginary a kid could have :d
the ipad signage goes up in palo alto. geeks in line go crazy. :-)
lmao hi ya :) do i know you?? :d haha
well i'm always happy i can help put a smile on your face :-)
aw..so the cutie child has turned into a beautiful girl life's journey on twitter dp huh !! :)
haha, yeah, but being a girl sucks too :p lmao :d
i'm in heaveeeeen!! :d
#oz hounds r the size of horses :) <they're pit bulls/ how did u doctor the photo<<neighbors hounds in pic
thank you!! :d
right song of the day is #danceinthedark by the #ladygaga :) love that song :d
north county :) ...if i was with u would u massage these tender boobs?
omg!!! the rap!! i love it!!lol hahah!! i been on my ol' school kick :) i been in a real nice mood....lol
it will be over soon enough yay summer :) and inside days are good, and excuse to drink copious amounts of tea :d
ask me anything! :)
watching justin at jay leno :)
dah jd paper lama! -- twitpic cepat!!! :) my fave urtv issue had her in a micro mini!
follow back please :)
<---you should follow her cause she is really awesome :)
is in food heaven runny yoke egg on top of back bacon on malt bread with brown sauce, followed by pain au chocolat with a capaccino :)
lol -- i'm vampire white -- get your facts straight! ;p i promise i will get levels checked. was planning to, anyway. :)
liat ntar ya tik.. aku tanya precil2ku dulu mau apa ndak diajakin :d
i hope the sun is shining, wherever you are! :)
hi :) i just have one question... is heaven nice? because you seriously look like... ah fuck it haha.. pick up lines never work
and hiding behind 2 claymores too. what wimpy behavior. lol :-)
is yet again wide awake in bed trying to fall asleep and enter dreamland =)
awww mz brown =) thnks chicka. hope my followers follow u ;)
hahaha..yess :) siap2 ngelayanin :drt #zodiacfacts (cont)
check these gigs for april or get a profile on www.bandsintown.com for weekly personal recommendations! :)
follow me back please? thanks :) ;)
ask me whatever! :)
well done! hard work is paying off! :-)
whomsoever started that fight at pure!!! drink a bleach martini :) thnx
i'm excited for cinema, nandos and and :d see you soon!
<<< follow now please :d #jonasbrothers
can't recall the last time i checked pr. oks lang yan. =)
have fun :)
i hope ill love it :) secret.
thanks for the #ff.. :d
lol i am too :-) red flag as the weathers shite lol
www.submerge.in for latest updates, join the forum. :-)
yes! will talk on msn or skype later :d
sure :d welcome back lol
eh, a 5 minute video causes 2 hours of rendering.. nuts!! :p it's ok, new vid shall be up reallll soon.. :)
yes, blame the bunnies!! it's a good excuse :) thanks, & happy holiday writing to you, too. xx
lol it's okay. i appreciate the thought ^_^
:)
we need someone to try it out & tell us if it works :d
i like it, you spoke your mind. good job. :)
i love you bby girl :)
so what are you up to and what is happening in your neck of the woods... ? i should fly down to see you :)
i enjoy walking in the rain :)
emang ada niat, cuma ngerjain agama kagak ada modemrt ya dikerjain lah, yang penting ada niaaat :)
i used to be in love, but i got kicked out of it for some odd reason.. now i'm jus tryna find my way back in .. :-)
classic :) fom have managed to mis-spell 'indefinite'!
tribal harley shifter linkage tribal harley shifter linkage :)
i did follow u back :)
watching starstruck :) ,
aw! thank yoouuu♥ tweet gw yg ke 8888 yg spesial bwt coz cantik sih :)
i know right! i can't wait for another album :d
the next person to follow will get a solo shoutut! :)
follow my cute-awesome belieber ~>> <<~ justin said so :d
is now going out with the father, followed by work... have a wonderful day! :d x
yeah, me too. it must be very special :) hahaha. me toooooo! :d it's pretty hooooooooooot :o
secara harga lebih murah 550, secara tangguh outdoor lbh kuat 7d, buat belajar 550d more than cukup laaaah :d
let's do dis gem!! :)
dir auch, frohe ostern! :) good morning tweeps, good morning blackberry® universe... und alles ein frohes osterfest!
nice work tatham. impressed :-) i'll look forward to the stories.... ;-)
no doubt! have a good night :)
yuuuk aahh!! :))rt brangkuts...rt ntar malem jogetan donk :d another perfect (cont)
i done both innit :)
:@jessdafucknbest you wasn't the only one who tweeted it either :) --dont tell, take that up with god mary mary joseph.
that i read..happy for that! so in that respect the streak of bad luck you had ended! :-)
kay what's your goal? mine's 2975 :) hope that's not too much.
thanks, just need a villa win now to complete the day :)
oo yummmmy take me with you :)
you should defently dm me your number.... :)
i kno man!! no clue how ppl get it ?? but it ain't very good..i will wait for a bdrip :)
me & the boy en route to cattery :)
true, but trust me, i'm not cynical. there's assholes everywhere, we just see more of them in porn :)
i'm back! i watched the behind the scenes of eenie meenie video hmmm.. gotta be fun! waiting for it =) follow me
follow >> << now! :)
that was fun, good rendition and mash up. great job :)
coool :d yeah sure! how many?
menjanda dong ya :d single parent. hahahaha single apanya nih?? single again :(
hmm prolly after i'm back from korea. :) why ?
tsk, i missed your tweet. :( didn't see it. sooo, how r uuuu? :d
just 10 more.wow =) help me =d
don't forget to trend #asiaanchovy for eunhyuk's birthday on april 4th at 6 pm kst :)
follow back please :)
if window shopping doesn't cut it, do the real thing hehhe :)
to everyone who is asking ! we'll hopefully be back in newcastle very soon :) . we loved it last night ! x
i get my job done myself still :)
you need to do it around 4-5pm optimally, when the west coast wake up :)
:) agar ek do line batao to sach mein lyrics likhne ka try karoon :)
at deja vu in seattle and seen a hot ass flyer of . she will be featuring at little darlings on april 9th for the grand opening :)
i'm good thx, how are u ? :)
