omg i had soooooooo much fun tonight. i love fridays. :-)
maybe i need an ipad with citrix receiver !!<< no-one needs one, but everyone wants one :-)
just left ad, mom kind of ruined the mood but we'll just try to enjoy ourself and forget!!!! dubal mall here i come :) #fb
follow :)
y'all are amazing! follow me love! :) and that new track is sick!!!
offline 4 a while :d
:d i will do and yourself . and watch your cholesterol levels ^^
emg yg jual dmn? mau..??rt mai atau mau? hehe mai viz? :d ebuset ada lg anak mas?
i've got those 2 #spartacus links you sent me ages ago i fancy watching it too :)
chennail nalla scope ano? thendal paripadizz onnulle ?? :d
the opera house from today :) went to a cute market.
follow me back please? thanks :)
lol i got it now! ill have to make more :) lol i dont wanna know
well done :-)
thankyou :) followed follow me back please :)
that's my baby winter!!! cute noh??? :-)
can smell it from here :) there's a polish bakery on capel st, party cake.. and that's what it looks like, that's what they do
"save it for latte" by the beat. "crave it, my latte" :-) #coffeepop
where's the picturess? :)
i'd like to thank tweetdeck for not correcting my spelling of tomatoes... :)
em from pakistan :)
new default..... from last night lol. probs temp. dont really like it. :)
i think we should keep #jonasbrothers and justin bieber on the tts :)
he he! :-) this new german bloke looks handy in the wet.
man havent been on twitter since i gave it up for lent!! lol.. i found myself obsessed with this crap... but im back!! =)
s.omething w.e a.sians g.ot >> true! :d
have fun! :d
its 4:33 here bitch <3 :d
no he wears the pants; i control the zipper :d
damn u an aries too =) happy bday homie...wish i can pass u a cup of thos absoloute vodka i got lol
hi =) hope your flight back was alright!
oh it means i'm singing to whitney housten songs! :-) wbu?
my brother have b-day today..wish him happy birthday <3 :d
you2 goodmorning :)
i followed her nd gave her some shouties :)
unable to follo bak 2day til i get my numbers up. i hav sum "unfollowers" need to no if its truetwit? will follo asap :-)
kemajuan mandinya sore dan ashar kecepetan =) part 2 with :bangun,online,tidur,repeat++pijit lulur tdk
first 2 couples just came over, one of them was *very* interested, one more coming in 30min, hopefully it's gone today :)
#brockturnalism is in full effect lol =)
good morning :)
come to ipswich it's not raining it's beautiful :)
its good to wake up in the morning & the only competitions you :)
woooooooooooo! go mitchell! wait is it mitchell? or the other one? hahaha! :d
i never smoked, but boy is running addictive! glad you dig your new addiction more :)
i'm about to say screw making this candice mv for that contest and go ahead and finish the video instead :)
ooooo think i'm going to have to take a look :) x
at my friends house sleepover! its 4:34 a.m. goodnight for me :) good morning to you <3 peace love jonas<3
watching the wild child :d and wbu...? :]
found it, scoooooore. thanks :-) i'm now japannewbie.
i'm going to ipad uk launch :d mams like yeaaaaaaaah :)
had a fun night with some cool kids :) night y'all *poodles*
no need, i'm under-covered =)
can't wait to see... know you've been working hard on it :-)
okay its a wrap i'm done for the nite goodnite all n god bless :)
got ready :d tweet ya later <3333
thaaank youuu :) ... goodnighttt be safe k !!
if ur on the o2 phone network :)
yes i am :)
my spring break has been so good! :d how about yours?!
i'm gonna make a change! i'm gonna be a better person! no more swearing! no more bad things! i want people to know the real me! :)
visited a temple after 4 years......#bageshwar...... feeling spiritual :)
chocolate chip pancakes equals a party in mouth! #thatisall :)
making some breakfast :)
my 18 day old godchild puked on me then shat around corners down my leg yesterday. it's a real honour you know :)
q:maybe ill get the guts soon to reveal myself! "/... a:we shall see. its just me =)
:)
, yay ! : ) l o l looks like well be in for a few days ; )
mau dong vin, lo punya ga? gue pinjem yaaaa :)
thanks for all the links everyone! really helps :)
he he! :-) this new german bloke looks handy in the wet.
thankyou :) dazzling ☺ check out my latest fashion look at looklet.com
go rain you clouds... schumi is hungry :d #f1
aww thankss :)
oh, and a spotify invite would be nice, friends, if you have one... :-)
i told you. you'll be regret abvt that. jst enjoy it :)
i'm gr8 :d thanks!! hbu? xo
thanks, erm i'm great haha how about you? :d
twittering between courses! :)
thanks very much! :) #ff
gettin' ready for vegassss! bout to be a crackin' weekend with itb :d <3
i appreciate your ability to look past my lack of heart... you are, as they say, a true friend. :)
lol! youre silly =)
ok bit ott. that is very cool to have him there. yeah keith weesner is a guest this year!!! :)
ain't tryna go home, what's everyone doing ?! :)
green tea latte, to compensate your absence :) #you
yay. great. yes! :) schumacher goes to p1. the rainmeister is back. #f1
me too :-) already a thousand apps for the ipad [...] really looking forward to see the #bmgen ipad app launching
ask me whatever, ill answer anything :)
shoutout to >>> :-) || back atcha! /thanks cate & if youd like to join a great bunch of fun luving folk add #oz to ur tweets.
follow me back please? thanks :)
ppl with good sense of humor wont find him funny! :) [its the mass that has mattered in hs case]
have ordered this beautiful pink currant 4 allotment 4 jam making < gorgeous colour :)
here's the link to galactic empire state of mind :)
happy bday! have a good time :)
might just do that after football :) funny me & friend were talking about going down there just the otherday
new background :)
heh?! we're gonna be late. well, okay then.. :)
fantastic! i shall have a celebratory coffee in your honour (and then a wine later tonight :-) )
d'awwww. adam and i are driving by all of the wedding chapels...which one should we stop at? :)
