:-) you eternal optimist, you!
going out on a coffee date with my bff. bbl :)
finally thizz talk wit lmaooo hes finally speakin uup....ahah held tht in for awhile! still not done tho :)
hehehe it sure it is the most important game this season whom even win it will most probably win the league :)
pull over that ass to fat woot woot :d
please follow mmee :)
thankss lovee :)
boyyyyy what a nite! almost home...quick stop at waffle house then my bed! :)
berbatov a flop? part ii #mufc #united time to reread! :)
you're welcome ♥ because you and other followers i'm closer to my goal 3.300 :)
agree that the first one is a bit corny, but the second rocked me :)
good to see you all planning to be there. what a reunion this will be :)
i just posted it on his facebook :d
:)
i love & she loves follow her --> <-- :)
not yet. first day so let c how is going. but whole world is behind ipad these days.. :)
q:your awesome i love you and your tweets :) a:thank you!! <3
hi olly :) have u still got the fanmail and teddy i gave you, miss you beautiful.. hope ur okay, much love xxxxxxxxxx
thank you....it's quite overwhelming :)
finally got bored of playing mw2, i am gonna watch smackdown till i fall asleep :d #mw2 #cod6
it's just a friend of his... scooter tweeted a couple of days ago and he ws talking about her :)
beli kali dhaaaa. gretongan mulu deh :d i want get one free tix
get well soon.. :d
yeah sure :d
yay!! :) enjoy yourvdays off!!
thank you for the follow meredith! hope you enjoy our tweets! :)
i gave sweetheart cookies for his milk :)
sign to help show justin how much we want a uk tour :d
followed :) thanks hun
saw a kool and the gang in thailand clip yesterday and i think i saw you sitting in the room! hehe :) too bad i missed em
lol <3 how are you today? :) xxx
thank you amit! :)
hey love :)
except me!! i fit right in! :)
the one on the site :d
cant wait to get this new phone :)
cool. i paid £3! :)
lol good idea. aye twitter i think was talkin about me || lol maybe i was and maybe i was ^_^
:d haha im soo excited i cnt wait lol & awww wot u gettin done to it? :) hav a gd day xxxx
guyyys chill out. its scooters girlfriend :d
i'm proud to love #jonasbrothers :d
i follow you and :)
have a great run! 20 miles is so much better than 21! :)
watched a hulk cartoon yesterday and ghost rider was in it. put me right in the mood to watch nc in ghost rider today : )
will u follow me ?? :d
on my way to pilates roads are empty sun is shining music blaring ! :)
my nxt tweets are some pics. enjoy! some are fun some beautiful :)
eehh mauukk doongg... drmn ituhh?? love much my new wall :)
either way i can't wait :)
im not ready wait a sec k :d
sorry for late rply. ur off now? :/ let's do it when ya're on :)
sounds like a lovely day! :)
i was like :d n now i'm like >:((((((((((((((((((
& likewise, ty :)
drop by and say hi ka ^^ -- waddee krub :)
hehe, you're welcome to borrow that phrase from me too! i use it all the time. see also: :)
hahaha! all your comments about my grossly shaved legs are hilarious! thanksf or responding guys! made my night! sleep well :)
im great and u? happy easter back :) xx
coool :) <3
i'd say whatever you're comfortable with :-) (lightroom is pc and mac) :-)
has make a song with rude girl :) so follow him !!
off to al salt! mansaf is waiting :)
i lasted 40 days & 40 nights without any fast food. i think i done very well :)
hurryy up lol the things you do on play :)
goodnight loves . . . xoxo * ♥ ! :)
hi!! thank u so much for the follow... =) mind giving me some shoutouts?
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
be sure to retain those funny and loveable quotes in your tweets, please? :)
:-) ;) tamil new year (apr 13, 2010) #holiday
:-) ;) tamil new year (apr 13, 2010) #holiday
:-) ;) tamil new year (apr 13, 2010) #holiday
:-) ;) tamil new year (apr 13, 2010) #holiday
:-) ;) tamil new year (apr 13, 2010) #holiday
dont mind笑 その言い方w ちゃんと本を読んでかしこくしとるから大丈夫 :d どんまい
lol! i'm home hun. glad to be. enjoy rest of easter. :)
thanks sudah menyimak dv tweets fendi casa! aku doakan bsk pny dining room fendi! we dine in style! amin! :)
aw kruddd! :) you should have visited rowville! we could of had a party!
amen! get ur snuggie ready! its bouta b goin down =)
i hopee :)
signs point to yes :)
lmfao no shes not taken shes my siswifey dublin! :) <<- i know u sleep tweeterin right now..dreamland.com
thanks :) but jamie has about 15 different pork belly recipes... at this rate i'll still be reading when everyones eating chicken...
please follow me?? :)
apple ipad should be available in #nagpur in late april/early may says local apple store guy :-)
follow back(? please :)
oh my god jonas brothers has been a tt since like 7 hours ago and it's still trending :d awesome!
that has nothing to do with ideology babe. a marketere thought let's add the logo and be cool :-)
hello : ) how are you doing today?
oh, well. i ain't playing sports. whatevs. i have the internet!!! :d screw sports!!!
hmm well you could be there at 4and then you might get to meet her haha :d
yes yes yes he is awww i love him :) husband
woo port adelaide v west coast eagles!! the power are gonna flog them <3 go the port :d
btw, ini sounds kinky gimana gitu yah? menage a trois? :d there's an ass infront of u and me (assume)
wyd this weekend?? partying still? lol :)
ooo wher 22 and who with? and yup i am :) lol xxxxx
well you don't have fifa 10 on the ps3 right? & i don't anyway lmao! so what if i bought us both new/sealed copies on ebay? :)
can i be listed 23 more times please? :) i'll list you back.
agreed! they're a surprisingly good combination for lazy housework saturday :) #adamandliza
making chocolate pudding for dessert with 4 year old niece :)
