don't fall asleep :) :) :)
online again :) :) :) :) :) :)
"what if i was just to innocently murder you will." i love sue way too much :) <3
welcome kak :)rt thanks ya and infolimitnya :)
mrsp always takes care of those :)
:) you alright sexay ;) << yeah bubbar, i'm good thanks you?
justin is on the kca's now :d
yw sweetie :) #yourock!!
next 5 peeople to follow ~ will get listed 20 timees ! tell me if you did :) <3
..danny: it would be a good game, tampon fighting!- hahah stupid! :d
phone time with the boo smile on my face as big as a rainbow :d <<<< gay....
sure =)
yes wonders all! :) forever #follow my dazzling friends
uh... guys.. one more please? i wanna know what question 6 is myself. :) lol, sorry!
gdgd and yeah im good thank you whats your name? :) x
your welcome :)
i went too sleep at 1am this morning! why? cause i was watching this movie called 'guess who' has anyone seen that? :d
they're waiting to pounce :-)
#whorechata #threw #hookedonphoenix #is! ^_^ goodnight.
yeah! why? :d
next 5 peeople to follow ~ will get listed 20 timees ! tell me if you did :) !!
follow me please :d
am off to london today yay! :-)
thank you! :) hm, i see my blog is still live, i hope the programmers are doing their job. :p
go on then, tell me :d
yeah i do :) x
please follow me! it's mean a lot! :)
sorry been so quiet, broke the seal on my cat-box :d
ok, pictures booked tonight, shutter island and then a table for two after, my work is done :)
next 5 peeople to follow ~ will get listed 20 timees ! tell me if you did :) !
though i think valve would need you :)
it is amazing :-) love at ives
whens your birthday? :) x
oh a man after my own heart sir :d haha
phaa tendi u went 4 #sleephour widout me :p! u went 30 mins ahead of schedule :p! nywys ctchya in evn...sleptite my dear :d
thanks we like you too..shame you couldnt have come for dinner w us :)
indeed, they are. woke up in pain at 2:45 and took my antibiotic & a lortab + 2 ibuprofen. doing okay for the moment. :)
i see, well, i'm excited to hear it :d
yes new job, so exciting. completely different to current job, much more exciting :-)
good morning dear :-) happy easter weekend!
d-10 before the world cup final in geneva :-) oh yeah !
got u :) after hours we rocking that wave
course loves all his fans even if he dont follow us :d x
hahaha yeah.. u asked me to participate in ur swayamvar na :)
i think im going to get a tweet limit soon :)
wedding save the date cards have gone off to be printed, photoshopped by my own fair hand :)
i am now a honorary research associate at the university of auckland. uoa rocks :)
i would pack your bags for you! :)
next 5 peeople to follow ~ will get listed 20 timees ! tell me if you did :)
hello. :)
apparently bigpond capped me 5 days ago... but i'm pulling 250+kbps download speeds... on wireless 3g... wow... i'm impressed at telstra :)
yeah, i can tweet again :)
xcharlotterees: if your not following im going to unfollow you ;d ahaa <<< lol :) x
uh... guys.. one more please? i wanna know what question 6 is myself. :) lol, sorry!
have to go my mom is calling 2nd day in switz hope it don't rain today :) bye guys i'll be back later :)
no i havent :( ive only seen them once back in jan 08. i was standing right at the front...it was awesome :)
#nowplaying hoedown throwdown :d miley cyrus
oh i know! i'm hoping to get another one soonish will be a needle and thread on my ankle : )
rice, sambar, small side dishes. fish curry already present in fridge. half tension over :d
thank you for being so understanding :)
whoaaaaaaa :d lucky uggh :d sean you really should follow me :p
follow this amazing belieber -> now ! :)
merci pour vos #ff et #ffback2you :-)
follow if your not already, it would mean alot to him &+ me :) #5
i can see all the ladies stuffing their faces with chocolate this weekend and us guys going out to buy it! -- your point? :)
i´m fine thanks :) how are u?
safe travels :) look forward to your return after your move :)
q:heyyy !! so ice creeam or chcolatee ? & my sis s... a:heey! :) urrmm.. both ;d . and yes its me :)
can't wait for #jonasbrothers world tour dates :)
absolutely nothing. as it should be! glad u enjoyed yourself. :-)
panic prevention and kings & queens :)
follow if your not already, it would mean alot to him &+ me :) #4
you share the same birthday as beverley lott lol so don't forget to wish mum happy birthday :)
the jennifer check fanpage on facebook is now complete.become a fan! :)
follow if your not already, it would mean alot to him &+ me :) #3
if i go to bed thi early... and daylight savings ends tomorrow, does this mean i'll get lots of work done? :-)
yes he is. he's excited to see you guys :) ♥
#threw #hookedonphoenix #is! ^_^ goodnight.
will pray. but if you get lost in the ikea maize and need emergency assistance from a swede i'm tweetable! :)
i would cry if my mil was to read mine , i'm pretty sure i've mentioned her a few times!! it's not that rude :)
good morning !! =)
and myself on kiss fm ukraine last week happy hour radio show. missing this vibe for a long time now! // thanks bro :)
here we go again :)
everyone go follow :d
just uploaded 15 new photos :) on my website click here >>>
saturday.... smiling :)
follow if your not already, it would mean alot to him &+ me :) #2
the answer to the future of internet marketing is social marketing... power to the peeps! :)
thanks for hun! i am such a fan of the gene genie..... makes cameron look soooo cool he's become ice! :d x
follow if your not already, it would mean alot to him &+ me :) #1
really? :d that's very sweet <3
standing in line with a jap, australian, and a swiss. all, like us, just flew in for the ipad :-)
könntest du mir den link mal schicken? :d man ich will auch :d please follow me back xd
can't wait for #jonasbrothers world tour dates :)
happy easter... ipad is out today :)
friday for #ff fellas :) (cont)
can you please follow me back? :-) x
love reading #zodiacfacts august 3rd baby true bonafide leo :d
thanks, feeling better today :) i hope you manage to fight it off x
thank youuu.. :)
next person to follow gets 5 new followers and will be listed 3 times!! go go go!!!!!!! :)
15 more minutes on rhythm of love request boys and girls with you still can send your #tweetsong here :)
u ve aked me a tough question :) m frm rajasthan, workin in pune, spend all my weekends in bombay n now in melbourne for some time
we need to bring to our secret place, so she gets the "d" bug too :)
masters of destiny, rulers of our fate: who was it, that gave you, the power to make us abdicate? dennis :-)
oi oi!!! i'm on the radio... 1xtra style... you with me?? tweet-a-man and let me know i'll play u summink & shout u out! :)
complete with tin hat and gas mask ?? :-)
go read it go go go go and everybody :)
i feel like following everybody who u guys are giving shoutouts. :d
next 2 peeople to follow ~ will get listed 20 timees ! tell me if you did :)
just spreading the love :)) and thank you for all your rt's today :d
swap chocolate for wine? are you mad lol haha hmmmm ok go on then seeing as your 1 of my twitter faves :-)
sat is better for us but we're a big yes :)
thank you for all the #ff. :)
great result for webber...who's your pick for the race? :-)
cool...i'll go there someday :) let's take a trip and vacation to lombok! novotel, kuta beach
can't wait to meet you next week :) oh boy do i have cv's for you :)
i`m doing well too : ) pondering instead of getting breakfast : )
ternyata thamrin residence.. bukan thamrin city :d
(c) and shes like um 6 wks, im like ive known about him since the 4th of october last year! dickwad... :d
wassup aludra?.. haha nice seein you here :)
oué oué sf si on a pas fini son brunch :-)
awww as in how cute silly! :)
thats very niceee
i love weekends but love weekdays sihmore. :) abisnya bursa tutup sih.
wooo!! i'm excited and sad at the same time. but either way i just can't wait to read it!! :-)
i'm doing gooood. you? :d
it's going well! :)
no one can ever be as dedicated as a #jonasbrothers fan. #itsajonasthing :)
hey. sign this please. :) spread it too. thanks. :)
only 11 more! shoutouts for shoutouts? :d
happy birthday bro!!! hope you get smashed tonight! :)
ask awaay :)
thank you :-) happy easter weekend for you and your family!
finally home :) time to cuddle with my one and only ♥ . . . . good nite world! ! ! . . .
hope it's worth it! standing in line with a jap, australian, and a swiss. all, like us, just flew in for the ipad :-)
work from 4-12. not a bad shift :) then look for a car :)
haha ur not offline :d
my best diet tip for u: just go broke..its easier not to spend on food when u have none :)
:) lol-->rt lol great times! < tuche
for sale dahon speed p9 dm for the price tq :)
かなりmindしたしww 雨ふって来たし ;( dont mind笑 その言い方w ちゃんと本を読んでかしこくしとるから大丈夫 :d どんまい
had 2 check on glade she good :-)
finally i can get connection from here... :)
you forgot moo bah :)
hi paul loving your tweets as always :) hi mary how are you?
iya dek -___- emgnya kkatania min ia ??rt hha :d maklumin dek (cont)
oh, i do, very much! what nice drawings. :)
i'm doing fine =) feeling better now that it's almost sunset.. super hot summer!
lol! he has just spent the last 10 backcombing holmes ears! fortunately the hair flattens itself out :)
thanks a lot :d
#nowplaying kiss and tell :) x
#fs thank you dear for the ff love :)
i'm finee :)
just about to put kid to bed, incoming guest in 15 mins. i love that he's always on time & comes bearing gifts :) quality, he's quality! :)
they always catch me in the bathroom -_- loll :)
we are happy for u to drop our easter eggs in today if u want too :)
haveseveral dilbert strips for you too. :-)
yea. i already dm it to you ! :)
อยากได้เครื่องเล่น emulator บน cell processor :d
aww (: no you are =)
"we are mobilised, i repeat, we are mobilised." wilf and his friends are pretty awesome. :)
hey dear :) hey boo
a year ago, today keisha was due :') lol how time flies, can't believe she's 1 in 9 days :)
well, keep up the good work :)
if u're belieber i follow u back, and ill listed you :)
lol same here :) plus i deal with weird friends all the time :) haha
well. i get really mad cuz doesnt refollow me. but exept of that is it okay. :d
mbl saya mogok aja duluuu di dpn stasiun cawang, anyone around? kindly stop by to help me please.. would greatly appreciate it,thank u :)
hey there :) thanks for following~!
all too flashy :)
haha, yh. :) then that'll be the only thing your thinking about. haha.
i'm good thanks :) you? <3
mwuhahahaha... the transmogrification is complete welcome to your new life in the cult of mac :-)
heey :) im goood, how are yoou?
righto, dude! whichever comes first :-)
why do i know you're going to figure it out? :) sleep well
sausage rolls on the go. ^_^
really? :o it was a megahit some years ago :)
can you please sign this? it would mean alot to me :) x
follow me please :d :d
lmaoo ughh such a hater lol :) & yup, we will...dont worry about that...i dont like dms and u broke that rule by dm'ing me lol
:) looking forward to it x
not sleepin alone tonight :) ily!
hope it fits :-) lovely weather for fitting a shower though, looks like sun coming out on monday when i'm driving back to uk
why justin bieber so amazinggg. i love <3 :d
with no essays left, i'm left with a free saturday for the first time in a while. i'll probably end up using it for more reading. :d
i don't know fix mail on lockscreen :d
about what? :)
if you want pass rates same, probably yes, if you want to maintain standards and accept many failing, then no :-)
haha its not weird. it just called co owner :) haha okay. bye. wow. you arrive so many contries :o n love yu too sweetm :)
i saw the cat photo yesterday, brilliant images. very talented :-)
so.. i mad my friends was having a party in my room. i thought they was gonna leave. oh well, i love the time we spend together :-)
hahaha.... hahahaha... hahahaha... can't stop lol :) this was a good one! thanks 4 sharing!
q:will u join a tiny chat with me a:which ? :)
oh k.i'm glad to help you :d
funny pictures: president evil :d
i'm always ready to go early, bright eyed and bushy tailed. :) let's go, let's go, let's go! waiting.......... hurry up!
cheers for the rt.how's the nerves today lol. as saf says it's squeaky bum time!! :)
hahah.! :p u tell i have no idea wht it be .! :d
hahaha :) this is true, but i really can't help myself. i'm too used to it.
