baby by on the saturday night mix up with dj hivarna brown :)
shoutout for shoutout? :)
lying in bed watching #f1 qualifying. morning to everyone else doing the same! :)
ok mate! in limbo waiting for our hotel booking to be confirmed...off to tetbury if it is...cotswolds again but hey ho!! :-)
thanks ash! :) that's my plan! you take care too x
hehe yea those are great also :d
sleep, dippy eggs and a glorious spring saturday walking the streets of seoul :)
thanks, happy easter to you as well! :)
become a fan to check out more daily updates from me. :d .. btw, happy easter!
:)
thank you! :) the writing has been a bit slow i blame the chocolate & the general distraction of the holidays ;-)
follow back please? :)
lol yes.. i was gonna tell u but u were busy today lol =) yay congratulations again and again love lol
tweet me sadish quotes :) i"ll retweet them all :)
‎​el primitifo la republicana indonesiationes \("‾з‾) no need perfection! :)
ok! :) off for lunch!:)
love4ukartists now following think you should all follow him :) xx <bless, 4 the cosign. from 'the ronaldinho of beats!!!'.
i'm good too, thanks for asking :) just wondering, is caitlin beadles following u?
look at all these hands working together to do the work of god :)
yessss another dave chapelle after this ! :)
lol 18...19 in a couple months !! :d i didn't know was that young tho well only a couple yrs but still lol
if i don't post it tomorrow as i'm gonna be a busy bee then happy easter everyone and :d
lawd fadda jesus mi bak ah hawt mi tuh bumbocleet.....*sigh* but i still had fun at good and plenty :)
who wants to get listed just tell me and i will :d
yeah, let's celebrate again, i don't mind! :)
like the makeover just hope you don't try and install in my house have just removed heaps :)
omfgsh suzie wong mash me the fuck up! i'm dead smacked! :) big up and ooooww
wait til you see kernel #8 man :-)
yes that's a beautiful name :)
hmmmm...yes...we should've! =) you should've come over...smh...
lol thanks :)
nite lovely beliebers!!! llov ya boii :) godbless
that kid is kinda awesome. :)
where you at now, are you in the airport lounge yet? :) have a safe flight!! xx
followed :)
well raspberry ice tea is what it is fuck it :)
follow me back please? thanks :)
okay i waiting :)
yess :) thanks again
lol ur silly. good to hear. mine was great. =)
i love it when you love me for my mind and not just my body :)
9.29pm on the 3rd of april :)
blogging... with a vengeance? :-)
all of a sudden my ipad is in louisville, ky, us. bout fucking time! /via (watch, by tomorrow it will be in alaska :) lol
lol good job. exciting day :p when you coming back to winnipeg? :)
you too neil! have a good one :)
i have a bunch of pikachu now so will be breeding a pichu :( anything else on offer? :)
awesome that finds time to tweet during these critical moments hopefully he's delegated to somoene else in the team. :) #f1
happy easter christian!!! i hope u follow me.. i'm one of many your fans!!! :)
enlightening discussions with and abud at la codefin kemang. like i said, god has a very bad sense of humor :)
different parts of my body can accommodate her two personas :d
#attention people who watch family guy!!! read my bio :) #thatisall
hmmmm , very easy on the eyes :)
proof that british babes are the best: i could blow my load just thinkin' bout um :)
hasodim shod pass mn chi? :d :d :d
aight most definitely =)
sydneey :)
i just took "a real life justin bieber love story! (part 3)" and got: :d read below...! try it:
home sweet home :) pizza rolls and entourage to end it all!!
thanks niamh for :-) sadly, the 98 one of last trad vintages at murrieta. only 1 trad producer left now: lopez de heredia
follow back? :)
oh yay, sounds brilliant. :d
okay sure :)
the next time we will make the question kinda hard! cause it's the first time we doing this gts so we make it easy! :)
so far,today is a good day :d
heeey!! :d did u upload it?
ahh, yes, thank you for that. i buy that :)
fabulous stuff :)
btw thanks for all of the follow fridays loves! =)
old vanilla nut, not my favorite, oh well : ) supersize it? lol.
i could ask yu the same thing . :)
haha same. i'm gonna go with rachel after work. need to finish the book. and yes i did get your message in a text :)
:) i'm good enjoying life long time no talk lol...how have u been ...still blessed ..and beautiful as i can see
to love someone is to be the only one to see a miracle invisible to others. ♡ :)
finally the non vip tickets the i ordered before christmas have come :d
i am a blessed friend! the moment of truth ~ i'm a proud friend :)
it is better for u to wait and see :-) it's not use for us to argue like this.. and don't believe in your wife too much
mee please :)
aaaarrrrgggghhh..☺ :hugs*... no need perfection! :)
cause we're running around. :)
hey everyone =) follow becuz hes the best singer on yt =) and this union was made for him =) go jordan -kyle
q:prefer a qirl wif a biq ass or biq tits?? a:big tits :) ass can be a nice size.
i just took "a real life justin bieber love story! (part 4)" and got: :d read below...! try it:
sorry. you could also buy one of those pre-paid credit cards to use in the us store. there is a fee but maybe that's better. :)
yg penting tekniknya :d rt@ichamanda #zodiacfacts #aquariusman is able to make his partner achieve orgasm w/out actual contact
i love the #jonasbrothers !! <3 :)
ayeeeey! like this bgt lah!! :d #nowplaying paramore use somebody (kings of leon cover)
man roommate gone. and gonna have me up all night..get ur minds out the gutter. i'm practicin :)
i wanted to do something nice for someone's birthday. instead i ended up doing something badly... i hope the thought really does count. ^_^
sandwich+pancake done pavillon.. its time 2 back home :) jakarta i'm coming!
i found it!! i found it!! it's beat that beat up :)
i always lose at these i love you more fights. lmao. i still love youuu :)
only guys? hi guys, can u please visit my page? :) thanks a lot =d
i'm in ur city!!! well sorta...pasadena :)
thanks for the #ff and happy easter :)
=) happy birthday to he on my level now baha. let's get bloooooown =d i wanna go sky diving nigga!!!
keep it quiet :)
thank you sweet lady! have a good wknd yourself! you are always on my #followanyday list :)
she was half snake! :d
:-) will do our best !
