haha you did, you just didnt read the tweet :)
done :d thanks !
both adam & scott selwood are playing for eagles tonight... i think i'll go for the eagles :)
hah :) i'm not
#nowplaying if we ever meet again :)
we're not talking ability, we're talking stage presence :)
yeah it was lol okay, its your opinion :) by the way, do you wanna play hack 4 hack? lol i mean co-owner for co-owner? :d
i have ke$ha's album, and i listen to pink a lot :d but thank you <3
rofl claire im watching that part too. shes soooo gay its funny :d
if you are a true belieber :)
ten running is lovely. :) #doctorwho #endoftime
you guys leave such fun questions, keep em' coming :)
thanks you too :)
#ff for fun tweets about celebs, and you never know what else :) #terrific #fun
to dont mind i got heavy diy day indoors today. | nuff said :-)
aw lol :) everyone says that films amazing! you'll needy tell me if it's good lol! aw ok, bye <3 x
yeah i remember asked me to come to their cafe but yet to do that hehe. thanks for the heads up again :d
text me ppl i'm not going to sleep yet...let's converse =)
getting ready for trip to orlando :) -- you have your bikini ?))
actually enjoy how i'm always the last one to wake up in this house :)
i love everyone who likes me :d
i am off till tuesday :d and will be watching the footy today. sounds like you are having a lot of fun here :)
i tweet about muse 99% of the time ;) i know right! you'll have such a great death! :d
just confirmed that they will have my mater gymnasium in both la & nyc stores soren 4 years old :)
ah, i know.. at least you're aware of how your perception changes... :p time to gtfo off the computer! goodnight! xox :d
asiiiikkk!! ayoo latiaaannn :) 9voices!!!! 'usah kau lara sendiri' (cont)
if you want me to follow you! :)
if u cant stop thinkin about :)
thorpe park :)
10 people please follow :)
happy easter guys!<3333 ^_^ i'm really looking forward to your new single ;p. あいしてる! keep rockin 8d
what about the 4 hour workweek by tim ferris? i love that book! =)
i wanna know what kinda clothes/style likes on girls :)
my last tweet was number 666...it made me laugh ! :d
followed..! :d
onitsuka tiger and bicycle... ohh i want them! hehe.. :d
if you are a true belieber :)
i already listen to them, but thanks! :)
now watching = pat and stan. lol! great show for little kids..like me..haha. =)
everybody is sleeping :) when they wake up...we praying..then off to austin!;)
"forever" also got a spin from on kiss fm last night! thanks man :)
you missed yesterday's party :)
good program have fun today :)
p'cris kaa gamewadduang will be on air wan nai kaaaaa p'cris ?/umm 1 may ka, so long from now :)
ohhh alright thts cool :) was it a successful night?
i'm fine thanks too <3 what's your name? :)
#nowplaying keep the car running arcade fire :)
getting so tempted myself to rewatch #westwing starting from series 1 ep 1 :)
: ) wake ya game up!
3 months till my birthday :)
haha, i know what you mean, it's like i feel mean just unfollowing people on here. rebca94@hotmail.com go for it :)
well, "new" phone being the one i have had for a few days now. :d
bout to hit the road. bedford here we come :d
if you love and his music :) <333
it's very complecated. haha hard to trace. thank you sam :) yea. specially here in the us
ooh, where are you finding this out? :d
i think that was robin's amazing effort! i only managed about 6 hours....! still quite good though! :-)
wifey over there losing her mind lmao =) its cute tho< no i'm not lol
nah !! :) i'm at my moms place .. no qork til tuesday :d
new post on my tulotastic baseball junkie day :) read and comment, por favor :)
thank you :) ok! followed :) hey follow back dong :)
well send me a msg so i have your gt and ill add ya in the am! :) lol. sneaky sneaky esco!
no apology needed. thanks for sharing. :)
heey can u pls follow baack ? =)
oh dear, think we've been there before haven't we, around 1983 i believe :)
wow! my mom bought a huge toy for my lil brother :)
ahhh can't wait! love you!!! :d x
yea maybe bcuz my brother is at home today and he will stay up longer so yea :d
oooh, guess who's from great yarmouth by the way? hannah spearritt. :)
follow me on tumblr plz ?? :)
-thank u soooo much! it means a lot! i recorded u on my special notebook. :) i'll never 4get this!
thank you! :d
follow please :)
josh was happy to see at the pit!!!/ hehe happy but so shy :)
i love ya'lls twitter convos after 3am :-)
it'll get to your doorstep, it's probably already in atlanta or close to it :)
goodnight tweeties :)
hey i'm not a perfect girl :)
good morning :) did the gig go well? xx
can u follow back ? :)
please follow me you are amazinnnnn !! eenie meenie is beast :)
hahaha yeahh would of been awesomee :) we love you kevin rudd !
=) thanks haha
about to go to sleep in extra small ass bed...lol wish me luck gnite =)
hehe .. get a nice tan leather bag .. it looks great even when bulky and shapeless :-) and looks better with use
thanks again for the mentions & recommend. yes, i'll be at the track again tomorrow. :)
thanx 4 #ff :)
yeah im going dec 9th for my birthday :) x
yeh i'm like that at work sometimes :)
awww you're so nice! sweet dreams! =)
lol obsesed would be a good word, yes! :)
must get a move on, things to do, outside calls me :)
is getting a major sun hit this morning! come on down and top up those freckles with a yummy brunch :)
i'm listening to the exact same song.... :d
yup wanna see you . should i show u guys what i look like? :)
oh no! i don't want to make you feel tired, i'll change it for a bit :) yes, running like a loon. marathon in 3 wks' time :/
i'm gonna get carpletunnel (however it's spelt) from expressing how much i love #jonasbrothers and i don't even care if i do! dedication :d
hmmm.. let me know when you are in chennai the next time around. we can exchange a few pleasantries over the tt table :)
lookin forward to it :d
add me on ba ee bo :) :)
first time a haven't had to get up to start training at 8.30 in about 4 months!! :d xx
thanks :)
oh, is the real tom waits now?, cool! :)
congrats :) ... with two of her winning photography pieces! (via (cont)
hope you feel better! and i would love to see you! its been a minute! :)
everyone wish good luck in her fitness competition today...she has worked very hard for this! buena suerte babe =)
a very good news :d
shirley murdock- "as we lay" #songsiwishlisalaviewouldcoverbutcantgetherto :)
eu cum de m-am gandit la abba :) foarte misto (cc )
they obviously like you, but yes. it would seem so...... :-)
omg omg fugative has followed me !!! :) an tweeted me !!! :)
your welcome :d x
aw yes, you really are! :)
follow; and you'll get a cookie and a shoutout just tell me if u do :d
im gunna try to get christian to dm or follow the next 8 people who follow ! tweet me if you follow, gooo :)
:) cool i thought so, was just wondering the time difference out there? its 10.35am here in northern ireland
lol i can digg it haha and plans smhans lol who needs em?? just gooo with the floooww haha :)
#peopleshould not uuse the word "nigga" if yuu have no association with being black; yuur a disgrace to yuurself. #juststfu :)
i always read it at the hairdresser's. but i subscribed and my first copy arrived faithfully this morning. lush :)
so, this weekend lets pray that we "may know him and the power of his resurrection" !! :-)
are you ever coming to america? like in new york? i'd pay any amount of money too see you if you came to new york :)
#nowplaying the village thanks to jace :)
err... :)
if you are on twitter at the time can you send me a tweet when it starts :)
and there's nothing wring with that :-)
multitouch and a tablet :)
thanks for the #ff andie! =)
someone list me? i'll list back :)
hmm, downloading "guilty pleasure" on your suggestion :d is it good? i've heard some of the songs on youtube, though.
this is the link people. i wish you nothing but success and can't wait to get my copy of lms :d
heyaaa twitterr :) itsss megann! :) xxx
good morning :d
i'm ok, just getting out of bed :)
congrats! how old? :)
and i'm out. :)
thanks :d whats your name? :)
cause i’m doing things that i normally won’t do
the old me’s gone i feel brand new
and if you don’t like it fuck you <- laa..lalala :d
< massive shout outs if u comment thank u :d x
i wonder where is :)
since ur our primeminister u can force and to do a concert here =)
thanks chickkkk :d <3
im sure he does! he just doesn't know it yet :) xo
woah! hello new followers! :)
great i emailed them too to back you up maybe with two worried emails they will do something :d
oops should have been bbc tv :) lol
watching the taking of pelham 123 :)
you can do this on any browser by changing the user agent, i did this yesterday on my tablet :)
he says it's a powerful pagan something or other, lmao. how epic is that though? :d
sippo!! :p jangan weekend yak :d let me know in advance :))
estive ontem. :)
good morning sir! i've woke with a sore throat out of nowhere! but feeling happy :d
i ate every bit . :)
danke well.. *cupz* ..☺ gefeliciteerd buat tante :) gracebaon:
shoutout to the awsome there a new tt support site imma be working with :d
i like kesha get in line & owl city vanilla twilight :d
i always had a thing for ashton kutcher... ^_^
ah, i know what you mean. :) i'm like that too tbh!
how are you? :) x
i'm recording it :d (cause my brother wont let me watch it now :p) but they spelt his name wrong, wth?? :p
hurryy up lol the things you do on play :) (niceeeeeeeeee u kno all the words?)
follow me? :d ur a beasttttt <33
lol, i'm happy for u babes.. :d he makes me blush...giggle...excited et al :) i feel like a cat...like hehehe
makasih :d sukro ganteng guys!!! if you care u,u
it's easter saturday and i have trout and coley on list. be glad you're not here :-)
-thank u soooo much! it means a lot! i recorded u on my special notebook. :) i'll never 4get this!
chintz, tzar and blitz prove that z can follow t. #tedxmumbai nisha yadav's mis-assertion in her talk on indus valley script :-)
coffee sounds good :) so what did u do tonight?
thanx i will do...have a great easter :) x
are you one of the 'chafers'? :-)
sure mate... likewise whenever ur in hyd :)
hey rob!! big fan! out of all the movies u have done, which 1 is ur favourite?? pls, pls reply!! :-) i love u!!
list me please??? i want to reach 1,000 asap :)
just woke up.... back to sleep :d
ok. followed :) hi please follow
that's very kind of you, glad you are enjoying it :)
i wanna know what kinda clothes/style likes on girls :)
is the i pad worth it getting? what do you guys think? :)
mission accomplished. :-)
someone make us a cool icon? :)
if u want a shoutout :)
be back when my head is on the ground! :)
ppl ask me y do u have so many followers? i say bcuzz i'm a cool guy and actually talk to about 85% of them, i like meeting new ppl :)
aww that's fab!. i hope she brings him something back from her trails. maybe she could smuggle out some diamonds for us :d
thankyou :) and followed
yea and umm yep :) wanna do it ?
pshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! what new site? =)
goodnight :)
mine are quite wide straighteners, they work well for me :)
good morning :)
nah it's no problem really, nice to know you :) maybe i'll follow you with my real account if that's okay with you? :d
thanks :)
if you are a true belieber :)
on my couch about to watch "amelie" :) #oneofmyfavoritemoviesever
well i'm glad i can influence you ina positive wayyyyyy :d smart ass
ahhhhh goood girl :d joooo bigger than them drunkos ♥
they managed to get our drink orders right... :)
just made my dream come true :)
psst. i can't give it to you if you're not online, vampi :)
morning from dr m to you both susan and lauryn, and many thanx for the follows, sound great who you do too! :)
