great news :) rt: ... tweetdecks for android and blackberry are coming, as is a big desktop tweetdeck upgrade
thank you for rt. :d
good : ) ok then let the evil empire downfall countdown begin!!!!!!
dinosaurs black search that on u tube now... :)
so beautiful! happy to see you in may here in the ~netherlands! :-)
ha! of course :)
anyone up for 10 for 10 i will return them when i'm on laptop :)
i am already following you :)
seriously heaven :)
you should hire me to beat box on your new album :) i rock ;)
morning hun haha i just got my cup of tea too. get some sleep missy :) xxx
happy easter everyone :)
she is drop dead beautiful ! congrats once again! : )
happy is good :)
uhhh well there's still time till the wedding, but i'll let you know :)
thats great :d
tuesday i pick it up :) then i gotta put it all together, hah, that'll be fun.
great photos of thomond park last night :)
#peopleshould smile more. :)
i love it! thanks :) will need to either take a snippet or happily change the format of what i am doing!
thanks jay, love the a&c skit, always wanted to use it somewhere :d
woohoo .. #jonasbrothers is a tt :) <3 awesome ;d
yay my ball of gold crochet cotton came :d
thanks :) ooo,hehehe ☺ takecare kk surabaya-cengkareng apa itu,kak?
i'm liking the sound of that much better!!! :d
oh nice to meet u harika :) where do u live??
<-- that one :-)
thank you for the rts..! :)
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
and having the latest dslr makes you look like a dick. pass it on :) << rofl
awww she looks amazing. wish i was in vegas :)
im still thinking abt the octopus salad u were telling me about. hope i see it on ur menu soon or just bring some on mon =)
awww , that's cool! :)
long last?? half of them have been waiting 300 years. :)
thanks so much :d do you want to do more? xd.
yeah :)
thanks nelvi!! eh maen donk ke salon adi adrian. awesome !! my new hair!!!! :)
buenos nochas guys :) . i hope tht means goodnighttt or bye -______- lol « * buenas noches lol
thank you :)
lool :p heyy :d yea am good u (: thanks 4 the tweet :l x
good luck this weekend :-)
accurate psychic readings, psychic tarot & astrology
http://sd9.imrs.0sp.in entering #imrs :) txh!
:( sadface. jokes babe. i love you :)
lmao, yea. but at first when you told me it did :p now it's grown on me :d
thanks, happy happy easter to you too! :)
good luck with all that. how exciting :)
ok but i still think hes a douche lord : )
:-)
ayeee mah song on :) beemer benz bentley
a starbucks to start the day :d
okay, how many more should i get you? :) <3
im good thanks :) what are you doing? :)
just had my sky broadband router delivered, meaning that the package waiting for me at the potmst office *should* be my sky hd box! :)
going to be in like 10 minutes :) its 2:17 am. dead tierd. lol
your english isn't bad,it's pretty good actually :d
fancy one of these? it's the new shadow off of honda :)
webber!!! he's my f1 crush actually. :d heehee. and he's on pole! yehessss...
how bewtyful iz 2do nuthin.... n den rest afterward :) hahaa...
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
awesome say hi to for me ..& tell him he has an awesome name :)
shoutouts? people? tryna get to 13k :d and 1,000 lists.
lol i kno yu do boo! well let's get starteddddddd!! :)
good morning :) poor foot d:
welcome to my world :d
no just some guy that hates me but it's all good now :) how are you!
all my friends on here plz help me get 7 followers :d i'll help you back :)
loving the new production shots! hoping to see the show at some point :) x
offline :) i have the best followers ever ..thanks ;) <3
ha! excellent thanks! we had fun. she wasn't thrilled when i made her wear it on the bts tho :)
spent the night stringing bracelets and necklaces. tomorrow, i make my first delivery. :)
sorry guys i fell asleep on u guys!!! well thanks for everyone sending me wyr's/wwyd's!!! ideas. it'll help :) ~capri
shoutout for shoutout please? :)
yup, the billiards downtown. yes we do gotta kick soon, besides business and club scene. hit me up tomorrow :)
give us more shouites <----- first 3 get listed :)
hope your talk went well and that i do get to see you in harrisburg :-)
no, he will always be caught in the crossfire :)
thats great haan! i like that. & i follow the same principal too : ) lets be us, y imitate? & try to please other for nothing! : )
:d i love the flying j!!
got the pics thanks! im gonna post all the ones i took on facebook soon! ill let u kno when! :)
aw yea i remember! yea it was really good :) my feet hurt thought cause of my heels :( did you go to the cinema xd? x
#followfriday because.. well.. its hammer... duh! :)
well good :d it was interesting lol
hahha so u sayin u want to have to call da police? :-)
well that sounds good. :)
welcome :) are you making them? (:
sankeys voted no.#1 club in the world in the djmag top 100 clubs poll! :d
me tooo!!! ehehe :) getting all prettied up now haha.. nails and blehhh :s
i meant for your vacation :)
#jonasbrothers are my heroes :)
welcome to twitterville thanks for the follow :)
thanks ya darl :) 1.follow nanti pasti ga nyesel!
"same diff" book is excellent on audio! 3 times 4me :) too many keys in your life? c...
believe it or not, its lovely weather here today, i've probably gone & jinxed it now lol :-)
nah, it's only a tv show :d
your welcome :d
happy easter holliday / weekend to all ! :)
really really good :) haha, you actually wouldnt have, cos he is just a normal person xd
i'm right here hun :d
we have setup a new facebook fans page it would be nice to get some fans :)
i just realised, you're going sheperds bush empire?! ah you're guna be near me, i live kinda near there :)
hhe,mksh y nad :d happy bday nd also happy belated bday syg :) all very the best for yew :*
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
you are soooooooo gorgeous... :)
hahah, you so make me wonder why i wanna try to have kids! lol! :-)
no but keen to study philosophy instead. i had 13 years of catholic schooling, i think i'm pretty ahead of the pack :)
follow back please :)
haha sounds good loool, mmm i just had a bacon sandwich yum yum! :) :l have a safe flight! x
i wanna be someones co-owner. anyone interested? :d
hi :) who's that in dp?
sivvvvaaaaa how are ya? ^_^ xo
she is. she's a revelation. :)
sweat mixed w/ make-up? not what i'm into. you good! :)
:) «« =d
it's not a completed friday, unless i show ya some #ff love :) thanks for the gift...cool song & creative vid!! ♫
damn it i havent took my bath yet and mom is yelling at me from last one hour to eat ... so gotta go :d
i know wasn't it lovely? i think should start a range of audiobooks. :-)
thank you!!! xoxo :)
some1 please liffed me off sofa & splash cold water over face.....if im 2 heavy 4 u a coffee will have the same effect on me thanx :-)
i love how page is still dedicated to australia :)
awwh. (: thats good! <3 just hanging out in twatter & some music is on :d and you, darling? loveyou. <33
had fun 2nite wif & :-) but ima let the blind stay blind #noshade
and don't leave pavi hanging now... say yessss!!!!!!! :o :o :d
well i'll continue this tomorrow! :) so goodnight everyone! i love you all! ♥ :d
indeed! i intend on celebrating with a nice early ride! :d hooray!
do you like my sig of you for the forum made by the very talented :-) i love it!
#shoutout to miss sexy, sexy! =)
ah, you're early ^^ it was supposed to be at 11 pm, not am :)
he'll nah because i'm typically it's friday the 13th and guess who's mike? me. :-)
sat would be better for me :)
#jonasbrothers is a tt :d how cool
have a good flight:) care to follow me please:) :) where are you going? xxxxxx
as long as it's in good fun that's ok :)
ak uda ngg apa ko syg :) :( and she's crying
dearest dougie, you up so late at night? big big hug and sweet dreams whenever you go to sleep :)
either kiss and tell or that should be me... it's a really tough choice :l what's yours?? :)
over at lovestrucked! the next layout i'm making myself :)
thanks babe! :) that means alot! :)
i thanks u sweetie :) <333
wants to catch up with old friends, lounge about in pyjamas and watch today's match. ipl fever vandhudthu :d #win #finally
wow. you're into gardening and stuff. nice. and what sort of music are you into? i know you dont like jazz :)
what an incredible 3 day 2 nites we just had #jpccwg! it's an honor to serve in this house of god, we're all in this together! :)
yeap :)
bebo is dead, stick to facebook and twitter and ur fine :)
can't sleep so i'm layin here listening 2 music who's up :-)
thank u sir, wasn't aware of that. :)
your work is interesting, i look forward to its refinement. taste communication is interesting to me so i value your research :)
jimmy carr meets the gocompare guy :d
sankeys voted no.#1 club in the world in the djmag top 100 clubs poll! :d av that berlin, take that miami, in ya face ibiza! :)
good morning everybody! :)
same to you and your family. :) x happy easter
april: so much work, so many events, so many parties, so many birthdays. *rubs hands* :) :)
lmao!! haha it's all i could make, did try find something else :d
i'm singing christmas carols over here. :) waiting for my house guest to arrive, a three year old boxer named bubbles.
preparing for some fun today... :)
on the train :) its so warm!
re follow me please :)
awww she looks amazing. wish i was in vegas :) #iwishiwas
5 :30 am just reaching home .. gotta love our life :)
had a blaaaaast tonight!! with and : )
naw i'm not picky!! i like em just haven't updated my system nor do i care haha but i've played 2k10 :) i like it
gonna tidy my rooom! cannnott believ i'm not tiredddd and i slept at 4.30! guess its cos i only get 5hrs sleep most nights :)
ur face :)
whosss upp ? iwanna roast sumbody :d > roast sumbody? hahahaha
great step to write your first novel! good luck :-)
please follow back! thanks! :)
yeah. thats a good one too <3 :)
thanks for the awesome remix! when are you going to give me a track to do vocals for? ;) do it do it do it! i love your music :) <3
thanks for :d
thanks everyone! :d
im in sweden now, but going back home after few hours :)
very funny mate, thanks for that :)
watching the inbetweeners in bed :)
thanks for the friday follow shout out. :-)
#follow!! :)
i'm rooting the old timer, but no specific drivers :) rooting for 1malaysia lotus team too :p but they're out lol
when you're seven years old, you can't just settle for one, try them all out! :d
lunch time. be back later. let me check what's special here :d
:) cut it out !! ya gonna make me blush
i worry about the sound department on that one mate :)
buzz? what is buzz? :) google buzz seems to be another orkut. it seems some people, somewhere, use it. nobody that i know.
i might :) jk jk welcome to my life. that wasn't even bad! :) i wont blast you bad...i promise
lol i haven't watched it yet. i'm sure she wouldn't mind :d
phew, i thought i was the only one who didn't drive =) i need to learn too really but meh.
alright, fuck you and have a nice life. i'll be happy to know that your burning in hell because of the religion you follow :)
yummy!! envy! :) two season's pizza for merienda
i'll do that :)
miss laura is coming ice skating :)
going to relax till 6 pm and then hanging out w/ friends too :)
also, in slightly more interesting terms, i friggin' love karma :d
please follow me?? :) x
are you watching the boatrace cuz? go oxford go! :)
please follow us ...who follow us i'll give u a shoutout! :d
you had me at iland. :)
hm :) how goes weekend ma`am?
thought u'd like sana wenty tayiba, love u :)
replied =)
hmm makes sense. i shall use it for my own then. thanks :)
i'm really , really good , thanks! ; <3 and what about you ? :)
kell-eey is back on twitter :) <3 wasup peeps ??
i always go for the healthy eating option pies myself, or the weight watcher pies...or the benecol pies :)
