"깔루아+스파게티" 모두 행복한 토욜 저녁보내세요 :d
around that's not a surprise. stay healthy. :d
lol shweet ppl nahin tweet ppl : ) hahaha
got home safe and sound after a doggy pizza !! great to meet everyone finally :-)
i sure did! thank you. :)
srsly! me too! :)
hey, will call you tonight ! i need you on something :)
hi guys, for those who just arrived batam, pls try to spend time at barelang bridge, its beautiful :)
i'm excited about the painting part :) gonna paint some eggs with the "i love jade and taylor" write on them! ♥
hahha i dont know.. i just got them :o :d
yes thanks :) throbbing pain now going (wine?) i'm going for maximum sympathy w/ the bandaging!
thank you for the #ff :)
uh, i forgot where u started! lmfaooo. just stop it :)
kind of the same as guys looking 4 dates no crazies, needy, married etc. not much help really....sorry :)
next follower : u will get a shoutie :d
modern family marathon with the kiddos! :)
local council elections are on 6 may. where was general election mentioned in the tweet :)
loved the southafrica fifa world cup's official ad. nice. :)
i'll never get used to you tweeting in hebrew :)
lol. moms will be moms. =)
i'm number 3 in line for an ipad at the apple store in tysons corner! i want the 64gb one. :)
can't wait for the last one to come out its going to be epic : )
thank you for following me :) you were awsome in newcastle
amin :) hope this nite give the best performance at the esplanade outdoor stage..
yeah :d check out my icon for the picture;)
sure is :)
wow is hardcore ;) going manchester now after a long ass flight over some ocean :)
lol u still pickin me up rite :)
dude you're getting me in shit here! oh. we are talking abt just the weather, not the city as a whole! :)
good morning all! planning travel today due to tubelines being down, blerrrr. sunshine though :)
neat. ms paint... in a browser! :)
i would. can't go out looking like that :p :)
if u're belieber i follow u back, and ill listed you :)
sure ur followed :)
can 5 of you amazing followers of mine go and follow :d
ahh ur here too? u heard ferry play 2 of my tracks tonight :) this place is too packed!!
agreed, and however you cut it they're in #bandswith3killerfrontmen, at least 3 :)
hope you feel better soon :)
if you're 12, 13, 14, 15, 16. :)
you're awesome! :) you rock
==> #follow asap!! :)
it looks really good. your so talented :-)
thank you :d means aliot how are you?
q:mamaku perfect :) hbu? a:tuhan ku perfect:)
well, my natural scent is delightful. trust me. ^_^
the bank of the future :) [gyula julius reznicsek]
thanks jerry! :d
feeling surprisingly okay this morning after last night's overconsumption! but woke up really early, so my eyelids are drooping a little :d
sure can! you have 2 tx to san diego i can do it conf. tweet ur email address :) best event in town!
ok wow! your so lucky :)
have a beautiful weekend :d #nowplaying christian bautista the way you look at me! tssaaelah sedaapp..
yesss!!!!! private party :) palace are you on the turntables tonight?!
hey beliebs how are you all doing? :)
on the phone to brooke :d i rofl every 2 seconds with her :)
whereas i usually *read* it looking like a crumbly mess :)
thank u :) how are you??
shweet ppl nahin tweet ppl : ) hahaha
still, a big welcome :) kites official.
whos going to see selena on monday? :d i am!
offering #comparison prices & deals. best tts 5! find your top #sports, theater & #concert #tickets here-> thanks :)
have good timee (: see you on the 15th loverr :) ♥ .x.
yes love for sure... i am femelier with angel therapy.... ! :)
i'm gonna be early for work =) wow lol
i too say that slow n steady wins. :) ur name has any meaning? is it bengali word?
:) cosa farai a pasqua? #jonasbrothers
alright! installed some new music stuff, to get that music out even better...! thinking of a new cover... :)
okay! in the meantime, i'll munch and watch anime or somethin :)
go read it go go go go and everybody :)
don't ya hate when you back starts hurting from sitting to long!! damn working pains! grrr. need sun, need a massage! any ladies game? =)
if you're 12, 13, 14, 15, 16. :)
that sounds cool. u can't be afraid of rejection, i mean u gotta take a chance and if it's ur dream then u gotta go for it :d
my friend's seen them supporting the blackout. i looove them :d
thanks hun :) you're followed back.
good stuff :)
looks so hoot in the never let you go video <33 biebs in white aaaaaaah :)
ahh.. yeah =)
yep! :)
im greeat! how r u ? =) ^^
this is my last story of love!! and this story can full of ur name :)
haha! not yet, but i shall be running for a while so i'll give it some time :) i'm built like a shot putter anyway :)
going for a shower! :) brb suckaaas:)
hey chica :) thanks for the cute #ff. how's robby boy?! ;d
i digg that song put your hands up :d
shoutout to >>> << follow them now! :d
new eventphone feature: call 6283 (mate), blow your 0,5l clubmate bottle and get the fill-level :-) /via
ohhh bummer! at least they'll get to do some overtaking :) have you watched smallville? i'm watching it now :d
well i got some pretty spectacular easter eggs from s&c. :)
aww i'm proud of ur ass lol :d
there's also a ban on outboards in the boat race as well :-)
like. my sheriee amor. thats a song, right? :d
goodmorning :d
bought some food so tomorrow i can cook the easter lunch =) i miss my favourite hobby!!
good plan. :-) we can be the first to do the 110#fridayflash
....like your optimism on the betting front, hope you win, obviously! i'd take a point. :)
sent my maid to buy some assorted nuts. she got me some pecan nuts, cashew nuts, almond nuts, peanuts, walnuts...and donuts! nice!!! :d
haha thank youu :d ^ ^
i think you should patent the oops car horn. i know i could use it every once in awhile :)
only 4 more until 300!!!!! :d sweeeet.
thnx & i'll follow u :d follow me back ? :d
massive shout outs if u comment or dm 2 justin :d x
thank you :-)
okey, what are u going to do today ? :)
they are handing out smartwater for free :d
from germany :) you?
:) how are you?? already done with ur thesis? :)
no more, i was just surprised by that score :-)
: ) www.frachelli.com has launched! we're giving away a $100 amazon card! follow and to enter
we'll do our best to get your comics :-)
cheers for the #ff shouts, keep on rocking my friend and see you in ny :) #conf140
yeap! :d yeaah he is! :d
heading to soekarno hatta,to pick aunty up :)
slightly salted though :)
fine too :)
ummm, i'm not old enough to remember that mid 80's song. :d
if u're belieber i follow u back, and ill listed you :)
'sssss place! i'm in love w/marlowe's voice :) :)
hahaha !!then fine.. else aaj ladai ho jaati :d mahabharat huyi purani.. twitterbhaarat hone wali thi :d
i got an app that let's me text for free.. send me your text numbas :d
yes so happy about that! :-) i didn't even get charged anything either win!!!
xylo, xylo, xylophone, xylophone, xylophone, xylo,xylo, xylophone, xylo, xylophone lmao =)
you stop it, you'll be living here in a couple of months :)
followed :)
so daming tao sa "babe i love you" here sm north wow blockbuster =) congrats
: ) www.frachelli.com has launched! we're giving away a $100 amazon card! follow and to enter
what do you do ? hows melbourne ? been to pune few times; cooler weather which i prefer :)
okie dokie...just let me know when you are around again and good luck with your shoot! :)
going to buy something awesomey fundonish to put in your next letter :)
now thats what i like too see when i go onto the itunes store! :d <3
morning all...**morn' to you too, have a wonderful day ahead :)
hehe, maybe she's planning it for tomorrow's roast :)
i'm gonna be early for work =) wow lol < for once lol
u first folowed ya :) nanti di folback #tysm
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
:) stop "autis" word on our daily jokes!! pliss :)
i wouldn't hurt the kid i'd keep the porsche :)
good good!! wuu2? :d
guys were of for a bit .. back in the studio later for tweeting .. haha :)
new icon credit by :)
aaa dayak this isn't myspace so maybe u should turn ur caps lock off. :)
ooh selfridges : ) morning
shoutout for shoutout anyone ? my goal is 2500 .. :d <3
lol! it is squeaky bum! cheers for the rt.how's the nerves today lol. as saf says it's squeaky bum time!! :)
wow thank you :)
lol no no no ifollow thaa leader ^_^
dishare doooonk pin nya put, hihi..gaya uy yg udh pake  :)
my mobile is becoming like windows. whenever there is a problem , i restart it and problem solved. :)
it was good seeing you thanx for the drink mamacita! :)
to those of you who were asking why it was the best day ever. it was the best because i know i have the best fans in the world. : )
teteeeeh ngileeeer my first meal since last nite with :)
im stalking your conversations :d
addicted :d
#stalkersaturday cheeers for the #ff :)
new avatar :d , what do you think?
using :d
good morning =)
right! your video will be put to render with a 2 years delay this evening. promise! :-)
^_^ <<lmao
ohh im all the way down at the front bit lool :) wat about u?x
balanced diet and shows restraint :) finished a whole easter bunny egg. some for breakfast, more for lunch and a lot for dinner.
username is k3rryann will see if i can find you :-)
love it :d
got a new pair of jeans, really tight on the waist hips & thighs then go flarey at the bottoms! fantastic on i'll twitpic later :-)
i want a squirrel. :)
hey bb girl :) thank you so much for the #ff!! ready for the weekend?
most of my home page is filled up with 'follow ' tweets, therefore everyone should be following him! go follow :)
panic prevention is unbelievably good! :)
i'll try .already follow :d
who wants to talk??? :d
no probs lewis look forward to seeing how you construct the final version :)
thanks for the #ff action :) x
yes, i know i'm taping it, but it's the principle of the thing :-)
everyone follow hes very hot! if you dont follow him, imma unfollow you :) so start following!
thank you :) hope you're having a great easter weekend!
haha thts kinda a good start! :) i like an older gentlemen!! hahaha
happy birthday! :)
we all have matching tats :d cheeerries on our feeets heheh
hey :) i'm fin thanks,, you ? :)
next 5 peeople to follow ~ will get listed 20 timees ! tell me if you did :)
follow back please? i'll list you 20 times and give you 3 solo shoutouts :) thanks!
whoa. much thanks man ! :d
heureka! i think i just had a good idea for the button challenge. tehehe... that could work :d
yo tambien con todoooo mi peritas! :) i lovvvvvvvvve u guys! con todo mi corazooooon!!
listening to your show! cool :-) yay
follow back please? :)
oh ok.. makes sense now. feel free to talk to me the way you talk to your friends though..not your patients.. no offense :)
ask me your question ! :)
i know you're not scared of anything at all :)
had 2 check on glade she good :-) «that's why he's greattttt thankx luv(ur welcome)
today, im going to work on a video. but i will only upload it when i have 300 subscribers! :d <3
follow me back pls? thx :)
loved last nights practice/rehearsal...u could cut the atmosphere with a knife and there were arguments but the result....big new tunes! :)
still awake idk why tho lol bumpin cannon by :) the video is so funny & cute.
can you please follow , she really wants youu tooo :) , please follow herr :))
i do :d plix who knows any member of the adenuga fam.... i want to attend that wedding.... :d
thanks for signing, could you help spread the word and btw i love your name :)
thanks so much! :d
thanks for the update. almost time! :d
(koreksi) i love weekends but love weekdays more. :) abisnya bursa tutup sih.
we met three young vegans today! :-) they gave us hope, they were very outspoken, mostly very clear. gave them my last two...
you're welcome. i'm still here but almost gone. :d
