hahaha. 3omrak ma bet2asser :) btw did you watch green zone? recommend it? if not what do you recommend watching?
you're welcome :) i've been great. can't really complain. how about you ?
dongho :d
come downstairs please ld :) xx
i think i´m going to donate blood on april 8th! :-)
whats your most played song on your itunes??? mine is a tie between please be mine, albl, dear god and much better :d
baby was playing on tv there :)
:d:d:d lady: (to waitress) may i hav bag to carry leftovers to my dog? kid: oh mommy, r v goin2get a dog? hahaha : ) #fb
damn nv was smackn still in party mode tho :)
congrats to on bursting through the 1000 follower threshold :-) #ff
thanks for the rt's,aku doakan bsk km bs pny living room full of fendi casa's ! :)
definitely! i need to remove someone so i can add you! play with us more often! :)
good night :) since i'm part of #diamondworld and #diamondgirls can i get mt call sooner rather than later ;)
that can be arranged! :) ...wish i could shrink like alice in wonderland...
#afl game starts any moment now! i won't be online during the game.. gonna cheer on my boys hardcore! haha. #gopower :)
everyone follow right now if you want justin to dm you ! i will get him to dm anyone who follows :)
good morning hun :)
haha! well, i'm glad you're here and for all your tweets, really really! :-)
heey! i'm back :d
#oz chatting / you to gals are everywhere :-) "i've been everywhere" / me think you wanted by interpol :)
follow me puhlease :)
u should do it more often then :) but i know u cant xd
got irocker 2day.... :) thank #smirnoffindia team :)
mee refollow me! coz i just lost one follower. is that u/ just wonderin :) thx btw
another nite of being a good girl. :) if i can do this being single i know i got it easily being committed......lol...
follow me :)
lol actually not in pink! in white!! size 4... thanks :-)
luv u most! =p love uuuuu guysss had a blaaaaast tonight!! with and : )
thank you so much for the retweets :d
thanks, we've raised £28k so far in 1 year, u can sponsor us! in july! :-)
yeah, but i'm a rebel! lol :)
that rule only applies for good wine dear :) and a hendricks in between is like starting from scratch. the rule still applies !
i live with my grandparents since i was a kid :d
i'll try to help you, what's your goal? :)
thanks for the kaz! :) x
heyy :)
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
if you want to be listed :)
listed this yesterday just realised it has a favourite yay! :)
i added him on facebook ;) follow me back please?? :)
someone talk to meee :)
manado.. but my mom and brothers live in jakarta :)
stop "autis" word on our daily jokes!! pliss :)
loved it, teslamle 3aynak kif btol2at :) new from my flickr account: pregnant lady
that's scooter's girl :)
:) noo. d: i'm from ireland! are you?
for u too sweety hope u have a great day :)
and there is nothing wrong with that :-)
i really need to keep on top of these things! congrats :)
u wanted to know about the owl city and lights concert it kicked ass :d
i'm downloading music. anyone care to suggest something nice for my ears? :)
tito gary's indie film is showing now on gma! :)
storm's my favorite ! =)
man khodam tazmini baraash gere zadam vali mibini shary kheyli negaraaane raft mohkamkaari kone :d :d || :d :d
after i dyed my hair back to my natural color, its become healthy and so soft!!! i just wanna pet my hair :)
thanks chica for the #ff love :) xo have a wonderful holiday weekend!
27,000th tweet for my geek :)
if you dont follow then your not a belieber :o :)
they don't call it "happy meal" for nothing. :) <-- awe! that's cute papi!
// yes ka!! :d that was thankyou!!
really good and u changed name again right? :)
lol i'm omw to beeeed. :) ill hit u manana.
plleeease follow me dude :d
now thats what i call a lie-in 1020 :)
you on one :)
lol you are right :)
yeah boiii! :)
yay! glynn purnell on saturday kitchen :)
back home now :( but on the super bright side got a photo with occy. luuuuuuuv occy what a sweetheart :)
come to think of it, looking at your avatar :)
: i direct messaged him so it cant get deleted! :)
haha oath. carn the saints! :d
oh god, i miss the one time days :) haha.
awsome :) i come from germany thats why my english is so bad :/
what? that's #teamfeisty ^_^
makasi adeadeeee :) happy 4,5 years anniversary kkak . langgeng yaa
i am, got 6 of them here now :-)
new picture :)
272 signatures! :d can we get 300? please! x
if you love #jonasbrothers! :)
good morning world! :)
i was at 1st but since i know who it is i don't mind :) long as he's still with me somehow
gah, i dun wanna go d: but i have to.. *sigh* see ya on wednesday! :) <3
you guys were so friendly!! thanks again! appreciated it and the shout out!!! :) <3 ttt
if you love #jonasbrothers! :)
love, food and music makes the world go round :)
ok........good :)
hey sean.. please follow me back :)
actually i've kinda finished..he 'blocked' me on twitter and ran away..so i won :d
smd! i have 48 days.. lol mines in 17 birthday in 20 days :) --no one cares
haha youre getting better at this inviting me to stuff lark! we'll see what i can do! and let you know when im up :)
good news :)
thnx 4 the #shoutout =)
please dm me!! :d
thanks for all your rt's! you know i love you so freakin' much! *hugs* :)
i just eat tiramisu :) aww. its sooo good! =p
that´s defo. cheating :)
done :) i wish he will follow ya :)
follow backkkk? :d
haha no she isnt lol =d haha ttyl gonna go listen to final riot and go to sleep ttyl =)
