i wouldn't care if i was thrown out. i like talking to anyone small or big! :d unless they're stuck up or something.
check out this glee inspired fan video help get it to 9,000 hits! :)
oh that's amazing :d what kind of stuff do u write? i don't know actually, but it's like long xd
list me please??? i want to reach 1,000 asap :)
i'm now .. more mcsentences today? yeeeyy :d
follow my sexy real blood cousin =)
on her way to manchester.. mr hayes fight later then heading to after partyy :)
haha xp2.. bykkn kawan :)
:) ask anything, i'll answer. i dot delete questions >_< i dare you.
sureee :) ill be on 745 when i get 5 moree, what will you be on ? <3
otw home :) have fun with youknowwho and don't bug ok! hahaha :p
so is cougar town worth buying then? i didn't think it would be that good? welcome to twitter sis! :) lovin your blog xxx
thanks to everybody who came out to supports!! luv u guys!! great nite...good times :)
heey :) wo ist justin im fernsehen ? ;d
6 moree ? =) lol
shoutouts for shoutouts? 30 more til 1600 :d
hehe, i hear ya, but then again, you can always buy the case, just the case :)
haha why cant i be in glasgow haha .. :l have u seen danyl and your lloyd :d x
yes, something like that :)
indeed :d just watching gilmore girls, lol, how about you? :) xx
i was gonna do the 4am photo thingy but then decided i couldn't be arsed :)
this is the topic i choose for compo jempol :) #peopleshould not judge others.!because nobody is perfect..!!!
nice to see ya miss! :) too bad it was kinda funky lol
awe carly sorry for late rply. what's up hun? :)
do you have a picture of one i could use for my write-up? :-)
that's why i'm making the most while they are young.... have fun with your kids =) mine are 5 and 7..
imagination is 1 weapon in war against reality. -jules de gaultier #quote :)
spam me with question !!! :)
add me on youtube =)
:) glad you like it !
awesome :) are liverpool at anfield or stamford bridge?
ha ha no, but he has a car & i don't. :)
haha yup, sure is :)
morning =)
chunky lol cool pic :) i've just been busy, u know the drill.. where u been huh? lol
got the game :) my username is brian.bkenny
follow :) he's a nice guy! and he's a singer!
harry brown, el secretos de sus ojos, the messenger :)
why thank you :)
it's lovely :-) very relaxing
goooood morning world :)
#shoutout to my new followers :) *tweeet me .
yes, i know i'm at my mum and dad's for the easter weekend. they are in bed already. old much? :)
-thanks! -can you read that one to me please!!! :)
19 followers untill i'll reach my goal :d
hi! has anyone called u yet to make an appointment? tq! :-)
yea holla at my boy nick :) love him to death :) and my baby
helped you :) where are you from??
leave now i'll save you a beer lol :)
let's keep things positive 24/7! i enjoy this sensation so much that i won't allow anything negative to alter it. try me :-)
ha that's the place i'm talkin about too :)
okert lah kan udah? hehe saye yang mau di folback mantion ajaaaaaaaaa :d
i love the show, i learn so much from it. if i'm not home to watch it i make sure it's recorded.. :)
i got chris botti's autograph! also got a autograph of his band. (billy childs, billy kilson and mark whitfield) i'm soooo happy!! :)
anyway.. i should really hit the sack now.. have to be up in 3.5 hours.. it feels like a weekday :p gnight :)
happppy birthday to youuuuuu =)
everything comes naturally. :)
shoutout4shotuout? :)
haha its a reformed ska song he wrote in highschool, so its silly. thanks! :d
cheryl fans they just played rain on me on the f1 programme :)
yes, why? :)
she's saying hi to you :) i'm tellin abt twitter to her :) she's just dope!
sure i know indonesia :)
um, the one where they performed 'sakura girl' and then 'weeeek' :)
:) so when u coming to bombay? aayega iss baar?? :p
1st time using continental airlines. from dc to houston to orange county. see you on the other coast! =)
=) уже хорошо:)
yummy!! thx berat ya prich!! got ur sambal hunnyyyy :d get those fishes ready!
:d one day, you will. <3 x
kalimera...good to know you loved it :)
i'm fine thank you! what's your plan for today?! :d
congrats to everyone on the team for the method fest award for "the butterfly circus". well deserved!! :)
i would ! :)
work :( then oxford dog racin :)
it's finally clear that u kno what you want, but alluring ... more for aries (sounds good :-)
having some me time... :-)
justin.. :) dm him to reply to my dms.. thanks, love yah
i will be right here dancing when that happens. :)
#shoutout to my new follower ---> : )
what will you be at ? mine will be at 4,660 :)
sudah sampai bukit tinggi. what a familiar place :)
am just sayin :d
have fun tonight :)
thanks btw :)
aww aha full english is nice ;] nothing just going to friends..what you up 2? :) x
have you seen this all-in-one tool at already? :)
lah kan udah? hehe saye yang mau di folback mantion ajaaaaaaaaa :d
ohhhhh ya haha :) that's true!
10 massive shout outs and dms 2 justin or jasmine so please comment thank u :d x
no, im want to do 10 for 10, lets start again :)
goodnight :)
cheeky.. come join me then ^_^
anyone that met selena whilst she's in europe tweet me! i need to ask you something :d
my crush on paul gets bigger everyday :) #generations
goodmorning :d
haha! i do that daily....now waiting for assignments! :) lol. trying to write a page of copy and choosing the images.
#shoutout2dagirls that know how to keep it sexy yet classy at the same time :) trashy is #notagoodlook
whoehoeeee jaaaaa thaks :)
ice cube show april 21st..should be fun :)
went from 0 subscribers to almost 500 in one day :) i love my fans. without u i am nothing.
crush is out may 10th, buy it? :) xx
having undertaken the mammoth task of cleaning daughters room am now rewarding myself with salmon bagel n adam n joe in bed :-)
hayy :)
woo hoo!! :) don't be doubtful, be confident, your hard work will pay off. i can't wait to see it! :)
follow :)
knowledge is a powerful tool to possess and a great gift to share :)
knowledge is a powerful tool to possess and a great gift to share :)
sure baby :) this is gona b the best video eeeever lol
def is! hurry back!!!!! u most def are loved! maaan, u too?! i feel loved =) (cont)
badsberg in breedekloof is hosting easter picnics today and tomorrow...and you get a btl of their sauvignon, rose or merlot...mmm yum :)
massive shout out follow :d x
ok. check out our all new website! yes! its up! tell us how you liked it! :)
yay! :) did you guys see that is the next recipient of the blogging pants......
goodness man you are on holiday which means you no longer have to burn the candle at both ends!! :)
thanks for signing could you help spread the word :)
he's a baby. 1 year old baby. hahahha :)
yea lots of breeding and that's what makes the us an awesome country! :d how bout you!?
more invites? matlab kitno ne invite kiyaa hai haan? : )
but its a qoood thing soo, kuzs kim kardashian izs hot ! :)
offline :)
ahhh thankyou! :d you've officially made my day! i'm off to the cinema later! have a safe flight babe! :d xx
thank you :)
world premiere of things 4 ipad music video: :)
yeah.. makes the weekend a lot longer.. already i've played on the xbox for 3 hrs!!! seize the day etc etc :-) x
#shoutout to for showin up tonite it was so worth it :)
can u believe i am using a imac to talk to u and wow this is so big and crazy lol :)
so surprised to see my #cv project on main gallery! yay! :) #design #typography... #typography
q:i dont like riddles :) a teacher at my school talks in them ... a:lol, thats a bad teacher then
so surprised to see my #cv project on main gallery! yay! :) #design #typography... #typography
smh at you for liking that usher song lol!! -_- (oh-emm-gee!) :)
can you please follow please!? she's amazing and i wanna get her to 740 :d
as long as it isn't over designed and underfeatured. :)
shout out to for being my 125th bbm contact :)
ayeee i'm the 20th :)
lmaoo yup gam :) and im jk too! if we gone be twitter friends we gotta have some joking around ya digg?? haha :d
morning :-) thank you and happy easter x
going to eat breakfast :)
shoutout for shoutout? i'll return all favors :)
#zodiacfacts no one is more romantic and inclined toward the one-to-one relationship than #libra <- this is true :)
get that coke shoot organized, or indeed any other, and i'll be thrilled to hang and geek out on cameras with you :)
happy easter georges. :)
that's just *all wrong* #f1 should have indefinite priority! :)
justin comes in few minutes on viva :d
this is cute, :)
glad you're not eggless anymore :) x
alright :) haha! you wouldn't need to pay me for your copy of fifa or anything btw :p
oh yeh, i've finally got my license back :)
can't get over how different mah hair is... sometimes i loves mah sister. :)
i met a 3 year old today yesday said he wants the name dhoni :-) insisted also. balaji wasn't good enough for him :-)
thanks for the =)
i had to eat something =)
yeap!! i should of been a sex education teacher :) you gota listen in those lessons ! eff geography
buuuut at least it'll be all over this time next month :)
haha, they weren't aloud to have animals this year, but it was still cool! there was two clowns and they were hilarious :d
bliss! :) get the hell scared guys!!! local death machine! ahahaha
check out this glee inspired fan video help get it to 9,000 hits! :)
we certainly do. plus stroke my iq ego often. good times :d
& me talk about justin & :p & that jb is for justin bieber & not for jonas brothers xd we're gaga :d
q:no i haven´t ..where u from? a:uk :) you?
heyyy! can you please follow back? :) x
probiably wouldn't have managed that much if i was on my own :-)
7 more followers till 300. would be sweet. :)
thx 4 follow bck =) nd dats gr8 dat u make homemade stuff makin money eh =)
if you're justin bieber fan. i'm going to list you :)
lol sorry was a twitter tourettes attack :d
shirley murdock- "as we lay" #songsiwishlisalaviewouldcoverbutcantgetherto :)
if you totally love my world and my world 2.0 :)
btw hacked by ^_^ sorry if yall thought he was crazy lol. follow me btw!!!
good thanks, how about you? :-) what you up too? x
arey wah. so finally is visible! :)
yeah i should hit the hay too. have a great time on the island! :) ngith!!
thank you and happy easter :-)
getting ready for@shanshaan wedding....ditemani hujan di sore hari.....tambah romantis :d
now that's more like it! :) british sensibility? :)
hahahaha yesterday i wrote on a heart paper . i <3 u jessica d-c <3 .its on my wall now hahahahahahha :d
istirahat kak :) tired..
who wouldn't be, he's obviously a very considerate & caring young man. you've raised a good 'un :d
if you played them someday,let me know how you like it :)
gotcha more than 10 :)
thanks love :) & it just takes determination
ngayon lang? :) making binyag my balcony w beer and whiskey.
offline :)
shoutout to >>> :-) || back atcha!
mornin' i woke up to my cat curled up right next to me :)
oh of course :-)
omg omg. opening was amazing! so many great peeps showed. blessed!!! mahalo nui for all who came out or was in spirit :)
watching larry king live about cheaters on cnn. are other destined to be one since they were born? interesting! :)
thanks for the follow :d ur awezzuume
yeah listen to cody :d .......
have a great weekend. happy easter :)
been there...done that....didn't enjoy! learn from an old....i mean ex lush.. :d
well my night was great :) the morning is kicking in -- how was yours?
arrey sachchii me, its not that bad haan : ) hahaha
im dead bout 2 qoo doo tht noww :d thnx !
this is a marathon session you're having, mate! :)
you can tweet again :)
isn't it too early for dinner now? :)
got some cute lil lines he be usin' to make me smile, cnt even lie ! ahaah (: <<< haha i do my jobb well :)
you can be sure that i'll upload a lot of bad tour pics later :d
well i loved that blog!!! :)
