#ff |thx #ff :)
hello ! are you like coming to singapore for some reasons ? and please follow us cause we're cool ^_^
i could also show you around a bit if you like. in any case, i hope you're having a great time in germany. :)
goinq to sleep bc it's 3:33am :) goodnitee <3 love love love x33
follow ----> now! :)
hey samantha! thank you matey. :)
hehe you funny, you just as early we then together :)
eh, no problemm! :) i love you tweets :d x
aww thanks ^_^ i also love them :)
follow me please? :)
back to hotel in one piece :) what a lovely evening
in the pool sex :)
chilling out with an artist sounds like a great way to spend an afternoon. pls send my regards. :)
reunited and it feels soooo good, with my latino 963 fam and fam!! :) we getting it in tonight!! drinks alll round!
ahhh shit! "kiss me thru the phone" & < i love this song!!! :-)
moving outt :)
so many great films around at the moment; i could go every day for a couple of weeks i think :-)
xx
was quite impressed yesterday by the uho & jef neve. yes, i think i'm gonna play some classic tunes now for breakfast :-)
everyone who's up, promo me =)
morning basil'. harsh but good point. :-)
#nowplaying mr.@johnlegend songs. keep me company while i'm relaxing =)
i think my snsd album is waiting for me to pick it up, just heading down to the postoffice to find out :d
i'm back! :) ericka! where did you go?! my other half. lmfao :p -hannah
glad u get freedom on monday :) yay!
sleep time... i expect to wake me fairly early, though :) night world
have you tried drinking a warm cup of milk? that should help :)
just found out that there is a horse show close by ... guess the day is not gonna suck after all :)
had to leave the show before the final band because it was getting so late. huge hearts to for the show! and phenomenauts :)
clash ya? ikt jg doong :d yaudah cari (cont)
, your in cali ? : )
yes, beautiful journey indeed. pleased to see you enjoyed as well =)
setuju!! yeah, we should. re: breakfast more often. :)
lol no seems like it tho and hey steph :)
lmao :-)
i tweeted it 5 times :) ill help u get it trending if you want??
it's ok. :d i had the best night ever. you are just making it better! :d
if you'd do anything for justin bieber :)
follow my amazing frnds! :) <-- thank you very much for #ff :)
his credentials are that he can shout :) infact his entire family can do that! pooja bhatt, rahul bhatt..andaru same :)!
yes :-)
spring??? dude, it's autumn! fiery, hot-blooded aries is what we are =)
yup im watching funniest home videos :d
werd im hypee i cnt wait to see it !!!! :d
well give her some gum before she leaves :) wht did u guys do tonight
maybe wayne shoulda called you the #pussymonster :)
that's good smooth is always good.. i had a long day babe! feelin good to lay down :)
lol i wish i could make my default me stuffin my face and still be hawt like u lmao =)
followed :)
yaaaaaaaaaaahooooooooo! :-) thanks m8! cheers! happy easter by the way! ^_^
those nights are just the best, don't ya think? :)
p songkarn where r u ka ? :) bell hav to chill at home jing jing hahaha. in kaoyai kub!
i've never been to florida, i'd like to go there :-)
well come join me then haha :) miss you guys!
if i get to 50,000 followers today, i'll start following more fans! :) #omgthatssotrue
and yay getting a autograph from janell soon! love her! :d woo!
got schoolbooks today for college! hooray to starting it back up! =)
eating :) and hangin out
if u want to be followed by :)
saturday quote twinkle twinkle little star point me to the nearest bar :d
thanks for your #ff! :d
if you'd do anything for justin bieber :)
mmk! i live by them but peejay said they were at roscoe's so i might be out the way. but that would be funnnn :)
open up ur mind, feel what's around u :)
you are a very attractive woman :)
thank you :)
hehe i realised i do have yu on twitter ,, =)
there's nothing quite like that feeling of fun things coming in the post. makes my month! :)
so close to 2k :)
im such a good friend! :)
yes i am!! :d
let's show our love to and make #jasminators a tt :) <3
oh ok just making sure :)
i have never cried so much in my life the last song is an amazing movie miley cyrus is amazing best idol driving home now :)
not to worry. good morning :)
--goodnight tweeps! =)
nice 2meet ya im brent :) but ppl call me bwise
tired :d but gtg shopping at 10 lol the only reason y im up lol ! :dx
i am from pennsylvania =)
idk why everyone thought i was drunk.....i'm good! nigerians don't get drunk :) lol
#nowplaying and lucas grabeel : i want it all hsm 3 :)
trying to sleep, but soooo excited about tomorrow at the opera house maybe i should run around the house a few times :)
i found a theme!! lol i think i'll use this one for a bit :)
i'm an airline history writer :-)
ahaha . her name is joie (joy) her twitter is :) she bad as hell , huh ? ;)
been great :d cnt complainn! but are u up though?
yay! im gonna go see u at the nokia center here in la can't wait to see what u have in store for us! :d
---> #welovesteph <--- get it trending :)
yesss :)
turn on that radio!! www. power1051fm.com. turn it on right now loves!! :)
no worries! i'm a transworlder and call all grids home. that post was from i just rt'd. :)
thanksss =)
goodnight tweethearts; i love you all!! especially the mean ones!! :) xoxo <3333
drp suffering from split personality i suppose :d
i agree lets make jasmine villegas a tt =)
you were planning on coming to gnomedex anyway, right? :) just emailed you!
i hope i get something in the mail from aaron soon!! i sent it like before top 12 haha. :)
keep at it girl. and don't change that list according to anyone's idea of success but your own. :-)
glad to know u enjoyed it :) #jpccwg
if i get to 50,000 followers today, i'll start following more fans! :) #omgthatssotrue
lol i love u morer. i have no idead what u mean cuz i don't know what u dreamt about but i'm happy it ws good. :)
same here. that's why i actually use nandroid now :-)
ride me like a pro sex :)
hey wookie, yikes. hope you begin to heal properly. sending groovy vibes your way. :)
happy birthday utiii!! best wishes, have a blast! :)
follow4follow? :)
oh && i got uuuuu. :) it depends but usually like $50.
nice! thanks 4 sharing :) just finish having long pleasant discussion w/ my bos after he see me reading #ccbook.
hi! :) my birthday was on the 31st! but thanks for the love! ♥
21 today :) yay....hope your year ahead brings you happiness and sunshine :)
absolutely. that's what the group is for. :)
thanks! she's the co-designer but i'm still following :)
#ff right back at you :)
still at work, makin' videos for easter at although it looks like i'm gonna finish this last one in record time. :d
oh rofl ! oh well :)
morning :)
at onyx....mmmmmm oh how i miss my chicken tenders lol :)
met an old friend of yours today i believe xiao peng says hello :)
bark and create more enemy . i want you guy to do that think :-) #redtweet
just watched "sherlock holmes". i enjoyed it. good movie. heading to bed now. goodnight tweeps! chat with all y'all tomorrow! :)
#ajegunle.org interviews hold this morning. it's always interesting, revealing and passion-laden :) looking forward to selecting a new set.
paaas ya mak?? mnrt loo?? :drt bwuahahahahha sukurin lurt wadaw :d woman will lick (cont)
hey guys, bianca here :)
i do need a good one :d
lol it will be ok.. keep your head up pretty girl. =)
keep dem smart girl glasses on while we sexing :)
hope you'll have a nice relaxing sunday although hubs need to work :)
off for a shower and then to andheri.. c u guys in a bit :)
worked with the girls & persia today they are all so sweet, i had fun : )
#ff the maiyegun's :)
klo kalian mau nanya2 ttg streetball 2010, coba tanya langsung sm tmn sy yg di bayar untuk itu sm la thx :)
+1 saturday quote twinkle twinkle little star point me to the nearest bar :d
oh i will see how about you :)
welcome to my world...everyday. finally found a taxi with seat belts in them. i need to invest in friends w/ cars :)
i havent looked at the link, but like sunrise usually. its a way for me to also go back & have a look, when free. :-)
its after 2:30am night twitter world! sweet jonas dreams :)
no prob, hope i sent you some decent traffic at least! :)
ok deal!! it would be fun damn the crowd n vegas full of so cal & nor cal representing is gonna look amazing!! :)
good morning :)
hey , nm youu ? :)
forget yesterday... we'll make the great escape :d
ask me anything :) :) :)
yeah, just had to tease, it's my birthright when it comes to pizza lol. it really did look delicious! :)
if you'd do anything for justin bieber :)
aw you look so cute xd how old are you? :d
do u ever notice mee?? hahaha <3 please tweet me that would deff make my night :) haha please?
it was a great pleasure my dear!! ^o^ :d (smakk ;)
follow my other account :)
well i didnt get to see why did i get married too butttttt...i got my dress :d and im happy with it yay me!!!!!
oui monsieur! :-)
if you'd do anything for justin bieber :)
phone needs to charge. see you all later! :)
saturday quote twinkle twinkle little star point me to the nearest bar :d
i miss you so much :) #girlwords
yeahp :d
kiss my arse! also good morning! :)
thanks for the live update kawinan azhar ya :) best regards to the newlyweds, dim. stay out of trouble aja deh :))
what 'bugger' gets a mention on factsheet 13?!!! :-)
speaking of memories, do you remember when i play in argentina? :)
due to the increased popularity of our website our forums & chat are now only available if you're registered so get in and register now :)
time for aj to pass out, sweepy girl! :)
smallpox? pimples? :)
a really nice model is getting shot :d (@ fb villa)
haha #fatc never buy easter eggs b4 easter buy them the day after :) cuz theyre cheap and unwanted
hand sex :)
what a great day :)
=) thx
thanks for the #ff! :)
i ♥ you :)
good morning from the isle of white..... its sunny! yay :d
that's great your cats were able to stay with you. :)
well now that you asked, i'm fine, thanks :) hahahaha
we will take that as #ccd = heaven :) thank you!
#movietime with the girls :)
no, you really can't! thanks for the #ff :) but…foe?! ooh, scary!
1st day of the 4 occupant house meant an early start! been a bit noisy, but calmer at the moment :-)
its weird but fun! :)
thanks guys :)
rofl :) so where do you live (not stalker like) rofl!
thanks :)
haha watermelon and mint. its very nice :)
bad ass! go you :) did you know i get 10,000 hits a week on my blog? everytime you click an ad, i make some cash... so if
do you love justin bieber ? follow if u do :)
goooooood morning all you amazing people! it's still snowing over here lol if it had only been sunny, but oh well :)
ty for soup recipe :) flip flops rule ! yep wrestling writer's block & hey hope all's grand with u.
i get you 10 followers, and you get me 10 followers too :)
have a funny night dude :) good luck!
everybody listen 2 over (freestyle) this please & thank you :d
i do me so well :)
my son have no god moms for my son =) abt timeeeeeee who runner up?!?
i know i am :d no haha im kidding :p
i might go 2 twiiter jal 4 tweeting bout "sex" sex :)
thank u! may all of us be passion-chasers :d just recommended #ccbook to may he follow his passion w/out doubt ;)
sweet dreams :d
cause it's funny. :d
watching one of my favorite movies: what a girl wants :)
just tweeting and you? btw where did you get your icon? i'll not use it but just want to see it :)
im froom australia :) where you from ? <3
make sure to watch me tonight on the soup on e! 10pm!!! check with the rents first though :)
lmfaooo cuz i dnt kw u lollll n u hostin my nx event so i need u n ur team to get on da promo :-)
nice dairy queen too. was there w/ n ;) last year i was born in medford. kinda familiar w/ the place. :)
