got yu there + 3 :)
can you follow me?? :)
no joke! jst follow & & ur entered 2 win an ipad frm details: :)
no problem beff =) lol
the company sells an arsenal of products that
every business needs :d
xd are you braging? ;p xd jk jk! <3 i would be excited too! :d <333 it looks so fun there! have fun!!!!! :ddddd <3333333
<-- goooooo seeee my april cover and interview for :)
found my new car today, the audi tt quattro. very excited for this :)
yayy thanks for the ff :) i'll give them back!
meet y'all there?! celebrating my birthday weekend :)
i'm looking for theeee baddest chicks to shoot with get at me :) adulttalentmiami@gmail.com
hey everyone :)
heavy reading! << lmfao! library & twitter humor all rolled into one! :d
say goodbye to my little friend; say hello to my big friend :d
thank you madame :)
8 followers each, abit like goal for goal : )
agreed :-) but i think all of us disney tweeps are one big happy family!!
pretty chicks do pretty things so stop trying to do what i do...you aren't pretty :)
awww. oh well. i'm sure we'll meet one day soon. :-)
thank u great things ahead. be willing to inspire and stay inspired! blush :)
now, how can they make ash recurring again?? :)
wats up babe miss me? :)
photo: saula pics made my day :)
perfect little blue football. breathin easy, finally. :)
another go 'round? u didn't get enough 1st time? stairmaster challenge? if you are scared that is cool :)
i didnt bring a sweater cuz my outfit looked better without one and now im freezing :)
nopee! if you make one you should add me :)
oh, how love this picture :)
kitty!!!! murphy loved that one right about 3. no monster fear, prob because the main monsters are the nice guys :)
lol :) #perfectharmony
just try something new and do it ^_^
<- follow, now. like right now. :)
yeah sorry to have mislead you :) it's a good forum, lots of shoe porn :)
u and heather in hotel now :) x
last update has the most hits for a single post so far on the blog... thanks everyone :)
heyyyyyy everybody :-)
48 hrs left in the beloved: field guide pre-release :) :) ;) sign up here
<~ follow him! sigua a el he is like family, i love him :)
just made quinoa stuffed peppers for dinner. first time trying quinoa....yum! really liked it :)
that's fantastic,honey:ort doing great. very busy but very happy. :)
you're back? was it amazing?! :d what else did she say? :)
#zodiacfacts to a #gemini, love is a romantic ideal which can only be achieved with the soulmate. ~ :)
yay!! i am going out and traveling a lot the next two months...will be gothing it up in nyc, boston, philly, nj, and salem =)
tomorrows my birthday :)
it's saturday! ohohoho what is on tonight???!!! yea i thought so...you must but on bbc 1 at 6:20pm tonight! :d
:d blessed good friday to all! "father, into your hands i commit my spirit." when he had said this, he breathed his last.~lk23:46
nice to see a man spread the word about domestic violence. =) it's regina most of the time otherwise.
arr thanks :) x
my commute is total crap today. luckily, i'm not driving and i have an entertaining with me. he amuses me so. :)
u shud get both, iphone and bb #justsaying :-)
erykah badu charged with disorderly conduct for nude “window seat” video shoot. good morning! :)
85 days until camp starts! oh yeah! :)
im really enjoying spring break :d
i dedicate my 9,135 tweet to being proud that imma belieber thank you =) and funnyordie.com this is off the chain!
i have to say i am a cfml fan boy.... :)
welll thankyooou. :d
lmao and even on my bad days i still look better than you =) keep the tweets coming mama.
looks like the problem has been solved. ^_^
cabin fever marketing heheee, love it!!! oh creative genius. :)
didn.t i tell y.all 2 follow ?! goooooo click follow :)
just found on zingled! :d you should go find me too! :d
i have a crush on one of my followers :) *blushing
adesso tonight!! :)
aww thanks :) i want a legacy background, if u could do that your awesome :)!! i ran out of ideas to make myself one.
thank you for all the rt's and conversation :)
that looks good! what ipa's do they have on tap there now? :)
awww ash! :) i sure miss talking to you sometimes. wish i could be here more. but at least i get to do that once in a while
just sayin hi :)
awwww, you're sweet! :)
woah, awesome dude! thank you. =)
hello! :)
dd was so cute getting ready for her date with dad to see diary of a wimpy kid tonight. she got all dressed up & had me curl her hair. :)
lets see if this works #follow her #realtalk tho =) she nice
you are welcome :) welcome back to the game! ^jm
ty for your kind : )
and it turned into a girls' dessert night :)
jov ... when is aftermath scheduled for official release ? i'm dying to see it down here in sydney :)
wow merch party was the bomb!!! wooooot but now time to sleep!! tomorrow big day for me!! its on :-)
. love the cop smiling in the background of the beercamp parade pic. hanging out to give dui's later? :)
#followfriday ---> =)
maybe you should contact omar :)
ill only have the success i create myself :) i hope all goes well for you in la and you have great success.
#peopleshould love me for who i am!!! :-)
hahaha! i know exactly what you mean! :) ohh this steph was tweeting again without us! lol!
lol , iightt . : )
#zodiacfacts #cancer most compatible with scorpio, pisces,taurus and virgo <-- that's mee :d
need to blow on it :d
(rt plz :) "jealous hate & envy" -bri beauty #fireeflowww! ★http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viyfnthm3tg
#shoutout2dagirlz that are alll natural likeme :)
lol,,word #follow >>>>> it's a qood look :)
duhh i miss u. i got the tree. :-)
here's my mommy :)
i know, i'm strangely proud of it :)
just tweet me sometime!! i'm still here :)
ready for more rare stills ? i got 38 more from the pilot episode :)
can't wait to see it :)
go girl go goggggogogogg gg go girl stuck in my head! me and my girl dancing in my apt. to that joint :)
hahah, aww.thanks yo :d
i am not lying dearest! :)
love that you were the first customer camped out in line at the pa apple store for nbc 5 p.m. news! don't they know who u r? :)
i know, me, too! need a small show! :-) like 2-3,000 person show would be great. :)
write guess on it and mail it back :d
this will be the cover of may issue what do u think? i made it :)
tell that fat bitch to eat glass. u can even join her :)
i appreciate the #ff love, y'all :-)
please help me!!! i only need 6 more followers until 2,470!!! thank you! :)
love that you were the first customer camped at pa apple store for nbc 5 news! don't they know who u r? :)
awesome! hey if you ever have anyone you want to promote let me know. we'll stop the trains :)
follow friday :)
that'll work, at least for a while. :)

i'm sure after using it for a bit she'll understand your interest in developing for it.
hahaha cool thanks :d what are you?
#ff a hot uk dj and a crazy funny uk comedian known both a long time : )
im going to dinner beauty, see ya later :)
ya know.. has the best barbz ever! you guys are sooo sweet! < :)
pretty excited that kobe's staying in la... now for phil... i mean... you date the owners daughter mister... you wanna stay :)
if u wanna go 2 sd jus take out a subsudized & unsubsudized loan; you won.t have 2 pay it back till 8 yrs after u grad :)
=) #ff she handles all admin stuff, while taking over the hollywood scene & mentoring troubled youth of la.
as am i, dearest :) your light is beautiful and i'm a fan of being in it's presence
sounds fun but we have family over for easter and will be busy prepping/cooking/baking : )
thanks for the # ff :)
until we tweet. love, peace and tweets. :) <3
#followfriday ty for #ff on world #autism awareness day :)
follow now :d
i know that that means! :) so, what's the answer...? :p
thanks. :)
good night tweeties :)
the spring peepers are peeping, it's still warm out, life is good :)
do you really understand. dom is opening up for ice cube. that's crazy #weststandup :)
awwww likewise! you made my day! =)
awesome, cuz i still have dl on my iphone still :-)
where's the like button? :) my justin bieber hairstyle. what d'ya think? lol
hit me up folks i'm hea! =)
#followfriday my home skillet he might be ugly, but he's a damn good friend! :)
i love your kids. they're such great kids. :)
lmfao, jk. i just wanted to say that. :d
only apartment-invading bees. yep, those bastards! you and your dirty tenny at the ready. i understand, mon brave. :d
my name is on that picnic table someone yay wrote it on there! :)
awww that is the sweetest! see why i buy your music?! talented and big hearted, great combo :)
thanks lol :)
and i believe there a lattice of coincidence that sort of lays on top of everything. in fact, it's in my profile. :-)
thanks and welcome :)
oh yeah? :) hey, pipe up when you get your website done? thanks!
i'm sorry. ill quit calling. and quit posting your number on cl. :)
hehe i know it is :) how can it not be true!? :p he is so dayum fine :)
listening to in bed :)
hahahaha yup u was rocking that before cat knew a bb simon was...<--yezziirr!!.. :)
why is it so chilly out ::teeth chattering:: i'm stoked for nyc even tho it's a month away :)
:) yeah follow my beautiful orlando rep she comes fr. success so thats all that will come fr. this lovely lady
thanks for sharing, mark! hope all is well with you. wishing you a beautiful and blessed easter weekend! :)
of course!! send me pictures to my email and we'll go from there :)
tell me about your likes and dislikes? :-) are you free?
oh awesome!! thanks so much, adam! :d can't wait to see what you think!
hangin with headed to pf changs for dinner, then off to see muse! :) fun friday.
ok i'm going to call you in a few :)
thanks for the rtl!! =)
follow me back? please :d
who wouldn't have fun talking about chocolate :) #perfectharmony
if i had a dragon, i'd name it (for puff the magic dragon) :d hehe
different "secret project" than the one i was talking to you about. i read 100s of poems, thesaurus entries and lyrics. :)
#ff it's all about the love... :) <3
you must be a niley stan... if .. you just can't get over the past & look forward #miam is really true love! love it! :)
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
yipee!! :) ha the first nycc i went to, i ran up to jim lee and was like hey, where's all star batman and robin??
you make me proud. :d just trying to slang some blueberries!!
getting a dm from you is like feeling like u just won the lottery. :)
off thisssss bye :)
ahahaha it sounds interesting ;) lmao ahh jasmine rocks :)
just got mine now watching mom's :)
if you help me get 920 followers i'll give you a freshly baked tater tot :)
haha! goodnight :)
mmmm, sounds it! i kinda want that instead now lol... don't think we've got any though =[ oh well, i'm sure i'll survive! =)
<3 this is a big adventure and exciting things are to come! :)
great idea, then you get the worst episode out of the way first! :)
good things happened in april so far: day 1: followed me, day 2: rt'd me :) so yeah, pretty good so far x
i'm way ahead of you. i've been multitasking for hours. :)
yeeeaaaaa! lol just let me knoww =)
yuup. may 21st :) do you even go to school?
ok! :)
lookin at the cutest elderly couple aww :) yaaaaaak!!!! :p
hehehe dnt get it twisted :)
just saw the most recent draft of the new website. kinda excited, not gonna lie =)
all, just wanted to thank you again for the awesome #confessfriday tweets! i would consider another huge success! hope you had fun :)
thanks :) rb "rb@krisoconnor: "riding on the #80s train this has been fun? what's the real tag? ... ♫
ya i am right now! :) bye! xoxo
i seen erykah badu video when she gets naked and she got shot , the video is soo hot . plus she has a fatty :)
won €23 in the euro millions. its a start :)
lol!! you are awesome!! :-) and i'm glad crazies brought us together ;)
i've been up and at em all day...started the day with 4 miles...an hr and a half of cardio...weights...and finishing the day with 4 miles :)
go follow ---> <------ :)
i'm up stairs 4 floor (bro mann's voice). ... ron. told me u got here safely yessss buddyyyy :) going ham 2 night shall we ??
nun chillin. thinking about you :-)
evidently fell asleep at 6:30. going back to bed now. friday has never been hotter! :-)
i think its great! not sure if i'm a part of it tho! :) what do you think bout them introducin a diva's fcw championship?
:) how are you?
same :) just checkingg up on you .
heeeey haha thank you! the name gets em every time lol ;) you are followed back!! :)
#ff i love them ^_^
questions 4 and 6 are also a little unclear. i see why you're asking, but only because i can guess why ydn wants to know :-)
oooeerr ! lol it wasn't sarcasm, you don't normally *do* follow fridays. that is all :)
me too. i'm gonna see it next week :)
