congratulations to team for the incredible production tonight! #majorleaguelevelz :)
hallo sexy lady!! :)
if you want me to re-follow you . :)
im still down to do it.. just hit me when u come back :)
im going to bed im falling asleep night :) <3
pls follow me back :)
thanks, i'm from turkey and where are you from? :)
on the ferry, waiting for it to go... yay! :d
yay!! jasmine v followed me :)
"never offend ppl w/ style when u can offend them w/ substance." :)
happy birthday and congrats on 1st year, much more fun being your own boss :-)
photo: mdfsmash: wonder if the guys at pixar have seen this yet. :-)
moving to new twitter under "lightheaded23" just an fyi :)
now thus nigga wake up smh well bye twitter !!!! :) g2g i'm on
a rămas să vopsesc ouăle... scuze să ajut să le vopsească :d
and what's even better is its saturday! you can do it all again tomoz :)
hope you get it sorted :)
if you want me to re-follow you . :)
i sold my first apron :-) val
if you want me to re-follow you . :)
na it was a joke. but if you want one, i can order it and bring it with me next week :)
tisk tisk i wish a nigga would i would roast they ass lol all up in dwn twitter till they block me :d
i loved every inch of my evening... happy birthday emily :)
night erroneee:) adam xx. :)
trying to :d
ahahah niceee. :)
:d :-*rt have a good day hanyii :)
i see. then it's not hard to update your phone. just type *#0000# then options > check for update. backup any important data 1st. :)
if you want me to list you 5 times :)
your welcome and nighty night. hehe, kinda like europe to live in ;)) yes would love to live there 1 day :)
join the club. :) fijne dag voor jou, me hopes!
thats good, but i hope he knows you cant wait for him forever lol. :)
refollowed :)
follow me please request approved. :) you good ?
aww, i support you :)
:d
i'll definitely taste that one day! thanks! :d
i dare -----> to say something else to me, it will be the last words she say, roger dat lmaoo :d
you're pretty :) xoxo
urwelcome.followed ya thanks follow me back yaa :-)
vesper's goodbye, last time around and who i am are my favorites :d what about yours?
holy shmoly, no way yeah keith weesner is a guest this year!!! :)
sure :) what will i get you too? ill be at 8047.
wow did i actually say ramifications? :)
be back in few hours :d i need a rest
:-)
goodnight and goodmorning j.vizzle :) haha
here i am writing from my brand new sparklingly clean macbook! :) good afternoon it is!!
u shud market that 1 lol x mmmmmmm chocolate cornish pasty i'm sure u could make it work :) hope your good hunnie oxo
hiiii booo :) you out tonite??
:) good night. :) and i wanted to tell you i liked your icon. you're pretty. sorry for telling you before. i was just
not much. i'll give ya a shout out. :)
...more rehersals today!! :d
i like it better when ur natural :-) ....
ok really going to sleep now lol had fun in the studio, song came out really good. :) goodnight loves!!!
hahaha thankss :d
#nowfollowing :)
of course i am. refer yesterday's #ff haha :d
no. have always drank it tho. my mommy likes it :) so tell me what was your favorite wine before moscato?
me and my twitter addiction is going to bed, now goodnight, dammit! lmao :)
trippy?? they're bloody mindbending crazy if you ask me :d
sounds like a calm and happy easter for you frohe ostern! :)
yupp it's massssiveeee :)) coventry garden is amazing :)
shoutout to >>> :-)
it's ok i love u more than will demps =)
fankoo, i can't wait for to come on & say she's got her ipod touch too then a lovely comping deal's complete :d
thanks for replying jon! that is fantastic! i'm super excited for anything released. hope you guys are staying safe! :)
i like that! i appreciate that. nothing wrong with getting deep. sometimes we have to go beyond the surface :-)
if you want me to re-follow you . :)
haha, i read good morning sushi :d lol
ooooooo whacha bakin?? :) (drooling)
sureee :)
ooh we're planning on going fishing there this may :) is it really beautiful?
nononono. it's mum :)
if you want me to re-follow you . :)
sometimes i don't fel like walking so i make enormous people carry me around ! lets go get a lollypop :) lmao
haha i found sour patch watermelons in australia :)
rofl.. poor carpenter.. bet he wud not wanna mess around :d
follow back, please :)
congrats!! :) its a beautiful thing
» congrads !! omg u havin a baby :) ya'll r my 2nd fav couple besides my brutha & sis in law :)
my next follower will get a big shoutout, so come on follow me!! :d
newly in my home. i'll be in your wonderful salento in 15 days. but now i only think to my family and my nice town :-)
sure! im tweeting you some sunshine as we speak! :d
watching australias funniest home videos :)
yeah :-( see what happens later and if it comes to it i'll just sort all of us getting to frankie & bennys instead :-) x
have a delicious lunch.. :)
yes, i'm gonna calll you a liar. and i still love you more times infinity and beyond. :)
there is this new image i got. i will dm it to you, because i can't be here laters. so go check your messages! :) <3
if you want me to re-follow you . :)
im sunny :) yours?
if you want me to re-follow you . :)
if you talk loudly in libraires and swim directly after you eat :d
btw im like in love with your background :d
#jonasbrothers are everything to me cos their music inspire me. :d <3
morning, fun night last night? :)
awwww that is sweet of you :-) thanks for the #ff
haha #justlikethat :)
okayyyyyyyy , whisp me so tht i kno u're online .. :)
should be a very cool day :)
mornin, how ya feelin? :)
up having a crazy talk about everything =)
look her up on google and you will see :)
check out my 1st video blog. give you a shout out at end of video #2 :) thx 4 great product
morning my guy.....today is the day :d
ty 4 rt's/mentions! :)
today has been great :) now time to rest so i can get ready for tomorrow night ;) it's gonna be epic!!: today has been great :) now ti...
hello! :) have a happy easter weekend. hope you don't have to work.
heil socialscope and tweetissimo :d
please pm me today for details of a cut-price full or half day photo shoot tomorrow, monday, tuesday or wednesday :)
#jonasbrothers always making me smile :)
aww i love youu too my bestiee :) ♥ awsome i'm grat thankyouu :) thankyou :)
haha. why? you silly boy, you! xd i'm going to call you within 10 minutes. :-)
thanx man.. :) mantap.. sukses mossrt moss gig tonite 7pm at thamrin city
yup. :)
quality! will install it before i attend the british gp. :)
last night's gig was awesome, were rocking! rob is the man :-)
okay i have to go now :d ahhh going to meet in 45 minutes *sqqqqqqque* :d
i'm including today cos it's only just started :d
the good thing about havinga big tv is everyone looks life size. like :)
if you want me to re-follow you . :)
really knows how to make laugh :d #maddow
change of plan ... tweet me if you want me to re-follow you :)
ima say why i absolutly love pplzs :) #random
on an empty tube. never done this before haha :)
more rugby friends #ff << thanks :)
good looking on the shout out... and congrats on ur love... it's a beautiful thing! :)
got egg rolls & churros #shoutout to cause i kno she loves egg rolls :) |ayyye!<jack! lol *bang bang*
but it's better late than never. :)
how are you?? :)
love my boys :)
i'm not drunk!!!! i just can't walk. thanks for asking after i almost fell random guys. :)
you need this software, you just stream a video :)
last house on the left was a pretty fucked up movie but i liked it. night :)
cool :) thanks
it's 7:15pm here :)
no not yet y ? and im gd huni :) hbu
i love you alot toooooo :) <3 <3 <3 ..still more though :)
hey no problem tweet-heart. :-)
okay :) sure i follow her :)
that sounds blissful, hope you have a lovely easter :) p.s. still enjoying the fabulous lahloo amber oolong and master xu oolong
so true! :) i have to tell you, i love reyes and wright. reyes is exciting as hell to watch.
thanks :)
morning all. seems like most of you up n tweeting already :-)
:d
come on guys please follow the lovely jessie byrne!! lets get her more followers :-) xxx dear
i'm going to buy it today :d can't waittt xd
lol thats cool :)
if you want me to re-follow you . :)
for hi everyone pls watch babe i love you starring and opening today!!! yey!!! :)
bravo :) top 5 #arabnetme #ambassadors and me
lmfaooo <3 one day dont worrry :)
thanks for the #ff :)
nope :) but it's ok .. she always replies my tweets :]
what benefits will i get from lying? ask any other batelco employee :)
i want my man 2 age like this barber he is hottttt :)
if you want me to re-follow you . :)
i don't think so you was haven funn :) forgive me lord for i have sinned. <\3
thnx sweety...u wanna join my party?? :d
i can see approves of the ipad! alright, i'm getting one! :)
just as long as you're like it :)
hehehe yeah! do tell me if you like anything :)
im wit im lookin for a real cute lesbian (w/ some nice titties) lol : )
re-follow me? please? thanks :)
was retweeted by a marketoid. i shall now commit suicide. #techies #vs #marketing :-)
morning pickle tray. :)
wow! its really cool.. i will review it on annanta.com soon :) awesome work guys..
does bumming around mean you'll visit the office?! :)
thank you for the follow friday :)
everyone says hello back :)
example? lagu" afgan yang ada di album the one :) lagu baru yg enak didenger apa ya?
ada yg tau?
yeah, you should see it! its so awesome! i saw it yesterday, wey! :d
-no it's my fault i can't read my tweets :)
haha you have my permission to get on whenever you like!! :)
cafe world on facebook is f.u.n. :d
actually i did =) dont get booty tickled .
had to play that #over again. it was too short. #nowplaying fall for your type, again =)
first night sleeping in my new room last night... waking up happy :)
morning :d hahart morning + +
u went to ammy_nah i'm w my son for the wknd easter :-) somethings r def more imp. then a party
2:14 am goodnight :) :')
lmao, i am i am! what song am i singing tonight? :d
daniel, zuni and the watch! [@initialjh recognised the watch :) ]
#nowplayin nothing-janet jackson :)
:) #freakyfactsays retweet this if you kiss during sex.
twitter is exciting with the jonas fans & the beliebers challenging each other :)
i just took "a real life justin bieber love story! (part 3)" and got: :d read below...! try it:
haha!!! :) that nigga tried ta kill mah faaaaaatha!!!
i am fine, thank you :) *wondering about this niceness*
qesa is home at monday :d i cant wait :d
maybe blackie needs to go for a lie down :)
if you want me to list you 5 times :)
going to eiffel tower :d
morning :)
i care :)
monday or tuesday for sure--no flaking!!!! i'll call you tomorrow :) luuub u!
met up with & and got a chance to play w/ their adorable daughter anjanna =)
really enjoyed your visit! giving our present visitors a little tour to the place. see yah :) "me too a... ♫
i live in czech republic haha and u ? :)
i will! hope you'll have a great day too! :)
