i was watchin' a movie! :p & aww por que he's such a good butler :d
so,if ure not alone? either u just found a date or iseng minta org :p after 2 lap.. :) #fb
ah i c was writing on ur twitt again .. thats c0ol .. btw tell me what mystery ? :)
i just took "a real life justin bieber love story! (part 3)" and got: :d read below...! try it:
thanks hun :) drop me your email .
it was great thanks buddy. i did a lot of driving which was fun :) got plans for the day ahead?
her singing would drive me mad :) but she is alright! :d
aussies put it on mtv! justin biebers on :) they spelt his name wrong! :o
husband. what are you doing? :)
yo hommies (: whatupp? :d it's drizzling. i love starring by our window when it's drizzling. it reminds me of something (:
heyy cody.. :) how are you?!
yeah! :) sry if i fall out from this tequila ;p
what's your skype? :)
#shoutz to wuz good wit ya :d
okay hehe followed :) makasih ya udah follow duluan hohoho
really sorry :( btw how are u ? :)
i'm not worth a whole lot of dough. you're better off just taking advantage of me. but thank you, love!!! :)
yea :-) & thanks
good morning :)
no worries lovie! we'll go out soon another night :-)
i drink a lot of wine so its funny u bring up moscato. i love red wine :) shiraz is my fave. lol #random
neeeeew icon :) what yaa reckon ? <3
10 for 10 anyone? :)
did you re-follow me? :)
proud family movie is on :)
yea i am... :)
tonght was just...wow! alex (and mike) loved the book! i mean, i can't even describe their rasction. it was just...wow! :d
how to save a life the fray :)
why the inverted commas sweeteh? tea with 'mama' and my 'sisters' at carcosa. :)
#jonasbrothers :d jonas fans are truly amazing <3
morning, tnx 4 follow and have a great easter weekend :) x
theyre not random. 47% of them (so far) have been condiment related greetings. fact. :)
btw, thank you for the #ff! i'll do a #fs when i get home :)
i don't have to go back to a "club" anytime soon. but i had fun with my girls. :-)
i hope you're rocking the relax today :)
nice! i miss cebu! :) enjoy the beach
they've been open for a few months in melbourne... went for the first time today.. i loved it :) #costco
please give one big single shoutout! she's new! my realfriend :d
yesterday nice b-day party. now i am online :d
hahaart mention gue full dengan -agree and disagree about "how beautiful :d lol
been super busy doing weddings and bridal trials. i love it!! :-) you're definitely one of the firsts for 2010!
camper... the best :-)
a quick change of clothing makes me feel so much better. at least feeling dry, nt drenched and cold :)
=) luv you more j. (what type of novela shit is going on) lmfao jk
lol...thanx bunz! she is beautyfulll ainnnt she?? =)
waking up the 2nd morning in a row with no alarm clock. wow. the joys of a normal life :) off to the post office to pick up some new vinyl
vou mudar a foto do twitter , #hmmm :)
good!:) it's 9:17am here what times it there? and yeah it's alright i've just woken up :) what are you doing today?:)
hopefully #kltraffic doesn't trend at the race :)
uh oh... just seen that name pop up on my phone... gotta go twitter... =)
i'm isss =)
out of 140 twitter characters, my favorite is u. : ) i
shabbat shalom! :)
oh none taken. we're crazy. i know. :) but i like your idea...run with that...
u can add me if you want :)
i still love it. : )
thank you for visiting! :)
lmao. yeah, fun fun :) we had more fun than that, i swear.
yuppers :) so when karina has a site hosted like how she has mine, how would starszz make my page a domain? o.o
hi yes hopefully there will be webclips up soon, we'll have them posted straight away when they come up :)
hellooooo :) xx
lol ok . thanks . it means i love you daddy :)
haha well i wish i dreamt about ryan sheckler! bahahah sounds like a good dream :d
can u wish me happy bday? :)
jane's doing flowers at the abbey, i'm just wasting time :-)
funky you shall remain :d
yea. i'm off now, talk to you later! :)
yup. lol emphasis on the last one :d rt: see no evil, hear no evil, date no evil.
tonites #eastereggs :) my fave of the bunch <- wonderful :)
nothing really, trying to stay busy and handle business, so i can head west to work my magic in l.a :)
sure :) thanks in advance :) btw, gtg .. we're going to have a pizza party :)
alright, its time for me to sleep. thank you all for following me! i love y'all so much :) bye & goodnight! <3
hey thanks for listing me. :) are u following me?
haha, aw, thanks. :) you too.
thanks for the shout :)
ehh well ima thug that doesn't drink.. i'll pour juice instead :d
its going down tonight!! hurry up!! (pls retweet) :)
thanks! :d
okay okay!!! this club is poppin chicas is making money! that's what i like :)
not sure :) r there any golf ipad apps yet?
you just broke everybodys heart, nbd :) we made fools of ourselves in front of your friend demeitrius tonight. lovelyy o_o
g'night =)
q:baby, i know that you cool with rockin wi... a:love that song :) kiss and tell justin ...
australia, you? :)
lmao! i was jk tho :)
going to sleep, waking up in 5 hrs and going out with my love♥. goodnight everyone, love you guys and thanks for following :)
good morning :)
see u tomorrow :)
done :) thanks <3
so u gon dm me ya # gorgeous?! :)
i kept seeing you there, in my feed, and kept meaning to say hi and engage in wondrous conversationalism. :) sleepy! o_o
you need to see how to train your dragon in 3d!! :d
.<3,how are you? :d
lol #fail well....good luck with that safe trip home pal! :)
if some beliebers are awake and haven't followed follow them now before it's too late =)
thehenry going to bed. ipad in the morning! :)
follow because she's so nice!!!! and awesome :d <3
yes that was the idea of doing an afternoon, so little ones can join in too! will keep u posted :-)
omg!!! i was just about to ask you if you want to come to one of my parties. 4/30/10 is the next one, then 5/25/10 after that :-)
hmmm, been a good night :) time to sleep now..busy day tomorrow..xoxo
