not bad so far. lots of peeps away, so regulars came in earlier this week, but plenty of new faces so can't complain :)
follow :: =)
thank you so much for your rts! :)
lol loving the running tally :d and those are awesome episodes. hehehe "crazy like a fox!" lol love mckay and daniel
thanks i did :)
i guess there's only one way to find out...not that i want to make the bank holiday weekend rush by! :d
it's easter tomorrow :) yaya can't wait to festivities and food
i can't get into etsy right now but will have a look later :-)
watcha mean? can i do it too? :d
drtiffanybrown: thanks for the love :)
@babydrochris
@lowryagency @trinataylor03
@sparty1216
@z_remedy
@only_one_ka...
morning, dear lady, and please say meooow to from me. :-) #ff
thanks sally. he is very cute :-)
times square is over rated! too much people. but def nice for a tourist! i will take u :) heheh
well i´ll take my ball home :)
drtiffanybrown: thanks for the love :)
@im2real_foryou
@tntiran
@pinkdiamonds220
@jessicamontreal
@ajamalone @butte...
jls slammin' r'n'b mixtape on channel 4 now :)
why dint you? do! dont think the person concerned wouldve minded :)
no problem.. you too. god bless you :)
meh i'm easily entertained :d
thanks :) jij ook!
:-) thanks. he's lucky, too!
even if i'm with vodie? :( / :) i'm pretty sure it updates automatically because it's synced to telstra's clock.
i love pd seriously :)
of course... :)
im good. :) you?
this is how your 'rain' photo looks on my iphone! is this how it's supposed to look? :-)
come join me i got the rain check right here =)
the mad post office trip was worth it. first vinyl has 3 playable frenchcore/hardcore techno trax on it, with pop samples :)
you didn't wake me :) although its 5:40 am and i'm up ridiculous! stupid college classes...
i just took "a real life justin bieber love story! (part 3)" and got: :d read below...! try it:
i know its always food lol but the panda express hit the spot :) now reese cups and bedtime cya twiggaz god bless.
guys were of for a bit .. back in the studio later for tweeting .. haha :)
listen to joejonasgirl0676s playlist enjoy people. i have many songs on here. :d
just enjoy your holiday mate :)
good morning, always good to hear from you , hope you have a lovely time up in derby :-) xx
thanks! :-) i didn't realise they worked so well!
started reading mansfieldpark in prep for return to uni..it's so tedious!might start back on chaucer instead.saucier :)
hes daiper is full baby lol -goes to get another nappy- lets bathe him :) they love baths x
yay. thank youu hun :) ill follow back <3
how is the iphone and ipad alike? both have the same apps, same operating system, and neither can make phone calls. :d
i'm not stopping until gets 11,000 followers! goo gooo goo ! :d
come on people lets get following! great ladz :) x
thanks for the love :)
no it's not! it's as painless as any other dvcs i've used. differs a bit from git, but that doesn't make it bad :)
long johns or thick tights. trust me. :)
i want justin bieber on my tv :)
aww! u sound so happy to be off... u make the best of yr 1st sat off since xmas! :) no football today, just 4 a change! lol x
thank you <3 :)
it's not bad though, if people unfollow boo hoo and if it weren't for twitter lunch dates wouldn't happen as often :)
im frm canada :)
no johanna, im humbled by her claims :) she ain't in trouble ... :)
i heart glee!! :)
you need to work in your listening techniques then, grasshopper. :) be patient, then strike with a relevant q/comment.
hiiiiiiiiii :)) i'm great and you <3 :)
big thanks to for the free help with my blog :)
lol (: its guna be sickk!! you shud totaly come :) xx
haha.. hot weather does me in! i love the cold and rain :) you got anything exciting planned for today? x
little blinky sent me this,must be time to come back to daddy now surely :((( /via :-)
hmmm. now are you saying i'm usually up to no good when i'm quiet? :)
thanks for the (late) #ff =)
haha i do that :d
here's hoping that i'd get to watch glee on my ipad whilst on the go. :) april 13 (14 in mnl).
training again :) wish me luck... <--- good luck n all the best wishes to u...=p
making these bacon, egg and toast cups ~ it is a holiday weekend after all :)
i found mayday parades video.i think its bloody amazing! it's different. so what if it has sex, drugs & nakedness in it. it's different :)
morning all! off to newcastle for shopping. woohoo! :)
shout outs to my new followers and : )
if you are a girl :)
i <3 ethan, "if he fucks you over im gonna kick his ass though k?" hahaha :)
40 away from 1, 000 gotta reach my goal by my bday... :-) << follow
;; you cnt imagine how long ive been waitin for a f' tweet. :) this day cnt b bad. thank you, gaga. <3 x
i also like this one :)
strange time makes strange dreams. :) i had some weirddddd dreams last night!
followed :)
hi! was nice speaking to u! hv a wonderful weekend. tq! :-)
i won't! i've won the fight for the past 4 months i will not lose now! nicotine is weak next to me lol :-)
follow ? thnx :)
my website and my blog now got pr 3 :) &
good morning people! :)
follow < big fan of miley. and she met miley at mileys house .. they are friends.. go follow :)
hehe i'm not in ireland yet and i have internet for 5 minutes! how do you guys like my co owner? :)
viva spring in michigan! :) rt: thanks for the #ff love from a fellow michigan native!
ooooh, ada apa dgn chicklit itu, cind?? klo jurnal in english bknkah hrsnya menarik ya??? thanks 4 the recommendations :d
#layinginbed #alone :) #ifonly you werent in #baltimore
i want to dance!!!!!!!!! :)
that sounds such fun! envious :)
give ken a kiss from me :)
:-) instead of rofl i guess i have to say toffl
happy hardcore!!! i mean, birthday!!! :d
i'm nearly 19 and i've been giving multiple offers for threesome & have always said no. :d
happy wedding day eric i wish you both a lifetime of love, happiness and laughter :)
we want uk tour dates already! :)
we want uk tour dates already! :)
a good evening indeed, thank you very much for hosting! =)
thanks guys.. :)
oh ;) paris and london baby! <3 :d
ashieekkk bsk liat aning ple kebaya ;) : c u there on the spot! :d
to all that hasnt been followed by , just wait and keep trying.... justin cares bout is fan :)
i'm going to look into it :) what are you up to now are you working & college?
awesome. that's just what i needed! :)
