i kno =)
i kept thinking it was saturday all day yesterday -- nice to have 'another' one :-)
this just in! i'm not the only idiot out here. person #2 has finally arrived :)
its fun! we should do it sometime.. sneak out for a quick drink :-)
:) you are a little diamond, thank you xx
follow me back please? thanks :)
thanks for the swell #ff :)
psyching themselves up, innit :)
i feel like being naked :)
i wish there's snow right now. i feel like making snow angel. i need something cold :d
at height of pink protest yesterday, around 5:15 pm :)
lol!! you'd be amazed the stuff we're into these days. :)
aha i'll buy you a sock :) just the one :d
word! thats wassup!!! thats what i need 2 hear!! =) keep doin ya thing also dude!!!!
you don't always have to be "good". it's okay to be sad. you'll have friends no matter what. :-)
4am on 4th april! please remember to tag and geotag your 4am photogaphs :) more info here:http://bit.ly/awfpde pls rt!
i will dm justin & christian + give you a massive shoutout if you follow rightt now :) tweet me if you follow, goo :)
lol #heard =)
morning, how are you? :)
happy birthday belieber in advance! :)
you too hehe! enjoy and thanks for the :)
entertainment :)
happy tomorrow is easter :d
, imiss san diego : \ l o l but ahh home bored outta my mind , lets text ? : )
oh yeah, i d/n think those shoes matched your dress, but i really thought u were looking for a chick's opinion so i d/n say :)
hey cute guy in orange swimming trunks, if you're on twitter checking this please follow :)
aww that's actually really sweet, lol! :) plans for the day?
lol noones evr told me that before . ;) thank you . it means alot . :) i mess with you too .
i love baby and never let you go also i love common denominator and down to earth :) <3
am i invited? :d
oh well, the first one is always the toughest, keep it up :)
#nowwatching: first time! r u watching? :)
hey u listed me 20 times so i gotta list ya back. :)
just like old times :)
i used to have bubble ghost on the atari st. i was terrible at it. but i liked it. :)
shoutout 4 shoutout? anyoneeeee :d
stay safe :)
srsly sounds like shes rly baad. how you know she is? aww bet he did! :)
top model, jeresy, survivor, celebrity, real housewives. all on a tues. night. (and no, i don't care what you think!) lulz :)
volume 0002 of singled.in a new age dating comic is out! #awesome #dating #comic (pls rt) :)
hiii :d how are you?
kpn main ke ditunggu sobat off dulu..batere mw tewas.. :)
yeeaa of course =)
itu bukannya default setting yg berlaku seluruh umat soc network ya? ^_^ re:monyong seat belt
how fantastic! it'll be great, i bet :)
right lol :)
family & myself are flying down on monday! :) i'm really looking forward to it! :)
sunny rain in wd6. just like malaysia :) i know where i'd rather be #fb
i'm up =)
if you want me to follow you!! :)
nite catwoman. :)
follow me back please? thanks :)
after having a macbook for like 3 years i have finally figured out how to set up imail to work with hotmail =) #winzilla
i wish all youtubers were like he's nice! :d
nice! :) i shall do that then. lol
should be sleeping; have to wake up for an early ortho appt, but "what a girl wants" is on. movie then sleep :)
ummmm....maybe not... but thanks for trying. :) 'cho cho cho?'
ayye. justin dmed too saying he'll follow/dm her followers! ahhh. hurry! go follow her and see what happens :)
i think is legendary. :) check it! www.massad.co.nz
lets run ! :d nobodyy wantss to run around w. meee ?
ur welcome :) thanks for the tweet! happy easter!
i can't do that :)
wow just woke up! cant remember when last i've slept so late. :)
i know my friend... thats why they can't scare a fart out of me :)
i'm 5 mins away if you need a back-up plan. :) (i timed it)
i'll be back l8r :)
: ) i'm not arguing with you! 2much money to be made.
you're killing me ? :d
getting taco bell....longest 6mins of my life...coming back to dfx =)
lol! everyone has to start somewhere :)
ohkay ;) i'll add ya later :d
ms just bought a new blackberry.. she found her self a new boyfriend :) now i'm being ignored :p
i have that effect on women :) omg my heart actually stopped :|
ohawesome :d i'm luci, & you? (:
hahah , look at him , im watching gossip girl :) but i can turn it off it you like ;)
=) nice meetin u in person mamart s/o 2 ur such a gentleman =)
who wanna txt me =)
uploading episode 23, at "dialup" speeds...9:31pm sat night nz time...might take all night. us friends might have ipads before its up :)
oh and i'm dying to read up on comics and catch up with ipad. the world is still standing i see. i should get away more often. :)
#ff me :)
goodnight :)
the logan lerman blend! tell me what you think! me :)
what you doin =)
listed u 5 times :)
follow back please?? :)
yea :) it feels good to be able to do lil stuff and bond with him, especially as hes getting older..
yw! have a good easter break! :-)
well, good luck! i'll be right here if you need anything okay? :-)
kevvvvv =) {babe whassup, when will you be in nyc???}
thank you! i'm already so psyched...it's gonna be epic! :)
i bet she is! :)
thank you for the link. sorry, we were not much on-line yesterday. but keep them coming for the future :-)
lmao i guess . if yu say so :)
thanks for followin :)
lol alright, goodnight punkin :)
letz twitpic :) who wantz ?? :)
be yourself! we need the variety. (via < love that, thanks for sharing tim :-)
melt a whole load of shizz in a saucepan and stir it all up ;) i'll make you some for lyric lounge :d x
followed follow me back please :)
ooooooh jinwoon~~ *sings* say hello to the people~~ come on~ say something :d
