observation: your online ad looks like a frowny face that is smashing your venues. ...might be better smiley going upwards. :)
=)
just spent a fabulous $100 :) shopping on the internet when ur bored is amazing. u find the best stuff!
aww preciate that!! night! :)
hey, happy birthday! :)
#shoutout--->@cyrusroxmyworld :)
profite ! :)
lol jamie are you on here as well? :)
many many happies! have a fabulous birthday! :-)
can you, guys, help here? << my first guest post at blogengage :)
download the torrent of gossip girl. go to isohunt.com :-)
did you see lloyd get tool of the week on before the game? funny! going to give lloyd a rose tomorrow :)
aww someone thought i was maryse ^^ :)
need food :) im gonna make breakfast :)!
yessssssssssssssssss!!!! #jonasbrothers is now trending. awesome!!!!!!!!! :d
call him and ask him to get there. :)
hi there! thanks so much for the rt! glad you liked it too. always great hearing from you! take care :-)
it's good morning...just got asked if i want to do a show in japan...uuhhh yeah !!! take me with you :-)
happy easter! to celebrate, i've put together another post on chocolate. enjoy :)
we do need to have a nice phone convo soon.. how bout when i come back home =)
i will have to take you up on that offer if i'm in town. i could put some hula hoop skillz to good use in a vid. :)
thankiess nothinn muchh you :) ?
take me too!! :)
sounds good! hope you have a great easter btw :-)
cleaning so much easier with music. :-)
it has happened to me before. :) you'll find a new guy.
yes, u read tat right, force indian is right up there :d is that sut on p3???????????? #f1
nite ladies wish i were there with you guys!!! goodnight love yall :)
if that's what i think it is, woah, another victory! congrats to all ye painting people. :)
thanks! :) good book, too.
my dad just got home from running the 21km two oceans marathon. words could not describe how proud i am of him. :)
i prefer weetabix in mine :)
#tobehonest i don't know what i would do without twitter =) i always feel better after i tweet
11:40am here #asot450 #trancefamily :d
selesaiii. skrg otw ke tempat fisiotherapy buat panasin punggung. huhu. doakan saya ya :)
i'm making a vietnamese prawn salad for dinner tonight..glad to hear you're feeling better :) i hope it works for me too!
just on my lappy :d wby?
hee hee :) same here... i love all of em :d good tht i hv a company...
#2 many people hate me at school but more people loves me :d
just tweeted to pixie about your birthday get everybody to me you might get a reply from pixie :)
those polish covers are gorgeous! i like the one for bones, too. very nice! :)
honestly dont know... but will be sure to change your name in my list :) #ff
reaghan, connie and emily from chillin at the hot dog cart :)
hell yea. top 3. q-tip.... will forever be in my top 5 :) <3 <3
lmaoo night ! :d
im downloading it on bit torrentz :)
to my i-phone member , i am using whats app now !!! add me add me :)
fuck. i hate being a girl. every girl understands me. you know.. every month. those days. arggg, fuck them :d
maybe i'll go for a run at 5:30pm. i should eat something first. and animal emergency is on at 5. :) :)
:-) pleyel: la touche chopin
on my way to band rehearsals! and i'm on time! :d
don't like the taste of whittaker? hmmm. ok :) more for meeeee! :)
sign out for a while :) imma download some song :)
hah well i'm out aain now.. it was a nice 8 minutes though haha :') and yeah :d yaay x
imma hit u up later..im goin to sleep forreal this time :)
happy birthday emma! hope you have a good one :d x
following some costa rican jonas fans :)
you sound dumb lol that movie was tight you jus couldnt afford a ticket so you envy me #hater :)
it's possible to see your 'replies' thread when you reply properly, and most twitter apps support it :) #tips
i'm hella smiley right now! :-)
right on! yeah shes pretty awesome and easy to get along with! i hope it works out! :)
can you give me one solo shoutout please? it would mean :) thanks shawty -god bless you
heyyyyyyy :) how was ur lil cousin bday hope u have :) btw what happen in paris??? n dm u xo
thanks :) really looking forward to #twedagsbar. can see it getting messy....... ;)
haha, im lucky i dont live with my sister :) awesome what part you from??
calling it a night. hiking tomorrow. what a night : )
hey i'm back for 10 min. :)
no not yet! lol one sec about to text you lol :) ... p.s. thx
awsome!! xplore alone emang paling menyenangkan :d adalah,mter2 jawabarat+jkt..haha just make a list,n do it aja!wkwk
happy weekend mikh! :) i should enjoy my weekend, i must enjoy my weekend :d
all of that, && they're hot :) lol x
go find the end of the rainbow, i'll be there, waiting :)
:o never really!!!!!!! haha aww well u will now :)
ooh what a lovely day for a morning run in the countryside :-) yep yep! x
yes keeping fingers crossed that he's #1!!! :)
mine's just starting now, cant wait. do enjoy the rest of it yourself :)
followed ya:) follow back ya :-)
*waves* hi! :)
i would tell the red shirts to go home, but there's too many of them. :)
that's why i like dog people! many other people just don't get it, but dog people do :-)
help me reach 100 :)
banget.hwa :'( #lebe hell-o , miss me, huh ? me too :)
fuck. i hate being a girl. every girl understands me. you know.. every month. those days. arggg, fuck them :d
ummm, no judgement here whatsoever.... :-)
maaan, u too?! i feel loved =) where is
:-) we liked that. we're at ackers for 4 hours!!
lol yesss uu dooo! ahaa aand hmmm take over thee worldd? can i help ! :d ahaha
loved everything about tonight. and the new songg :)
so sorry you didn't get your 1st win, bonnie but good second :-) nice top 5 guys
awwee congrats ash! <3 :)
chillin in bed :)
whereareyoumrsunshine? hopefully you come up before 6. :)
‎​нaнaɑº°˚ ˚°º≈=)) woiii.. aguuuuusssss... udh aku follback ya gus :)
what's the brand sir? canon :d ?
'night :)
follow the instructions ^_^
benj! here's a vid from the #gcfam in support of your fight :)
#didntwannatellyou lies! if you like magdalen graal's music download it 4 free on ww.magdalengraal.com =) #nowplaying mg!
night night :) (@ pixies place)
okay :) that interview is so hilarious :d:d:d
thanks for letting me know jamie! that's really cool :)
you know harrods ? :)
:) #follow
venezuela is listening to #asot450 no matter what! besides, we listen to #asot always :d #trancefamily
thank you :)
you cant pretend ur 10 coz ur muscles are too big for a 10 year old =)
goodnight to all my followers =) and i love you guyz so much and hope all ur dreams come true =)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
u got it :)
lol =)
lol everyone is special :) xx
nice ! thinking of the beach on monday but depends on weather and if sarah's better. yeah still working with dad :)
1o:42am goodmorning world :)
thank you :) i'm always ill when we go up to scotland, it's really weird lol :) xxx
follow if you want more tt's like #jonasbrothers :)
thanks an yeea but depends on what style :)
the guy at the bp we broke down at is lovely. tried to diagnose and help out -now making us coffee! :)
nooo, i wish...it was an april fool's day joke, lol!! i wouldn't mind having one like this :)
wassup sexy =)
haven't seen it yet,i think ll hafta borrow it frm ya :)
pretty you and your bf look so compatible witt each other :)
well going to a shower :d
the latter.. lets see..its really late. i could sleep or _____ before i sleep. hmm..what should i do? :)
chill :)
goodnight :)
thank you :)
u saw it :) i saw it the 1st day it came out :)
it's amazing ur accomplishments must be nice to say ur watching ur self on mtv..& u look damn good in ur profile pic :)
man u being sloppy & careless! hope it is an omen :-) have a great day & enjoy the match
yeah, i found a nifty encoder that seems to work well :)
love the boobies but that naughty smile is even more sexy :-) (@theoriginaldime)http://yfrog.com/1smtlj
yay! i love the smell of new secret projects in the morning :)
how is u? ope u r well and good :d
lol !! mutha fuka! well hello there! =)
i'm boreed :)
nah lollipops but i did have a fairy floss guy serving fairy floss after the ceremony :d
hormones talkin to me..:) :) :) :( :( :( :: lmao
peace begins with a smile :)
me, & the ladiez, nights just gettin started. #happybdaytome :)
you are so right! i don't care how many followers i have now :) i'm just gonna talk to my awesome tweeps :d
haha lucky! i have a bro and sis! lol im from vic :) wbu?
listening to edward sharpe & the magnetic zeros' "home" and thinkin' about :)
:) youu alrightt? x
thanks :d how are you sir?
tell us? in 140 char thanks for input! :) i'm by no means an expert on hosting, but tha...
#ff special saturday edition :)
thanks & well done to you too :) x
you too hun :)
*waves* :)
hehe. thanks but i think i'll stick to my day job. :-) mas bagay sayo model kesa make up artist.. or both.
good times!!! : )
bacon bits go wit every meal :) yummy lol
if u love spongebob square pants :)
someone just posted debussy, clair de lune on her #fb, it's perfect for her peaceful afternoon :d
q:when you gon let me hit daddy :) a:hit? i font get hit i does the hitting throw the pussy...
i wish :) will be celebrating your b-day with you?
me. :)
i always have too much fun with :)
:)
ada yang mau di #specialfollow ? yang mau aja yah :) buruann
if you havent done this, lets get on this :)
im soo soft i love this new body wash :)
nom nom nom nom nom :d
hahah. you should go to sleep then. :)
please ping or re-invite me guys :)
man u of course :)
bahaha, thank you (: and what's your name? :)
aim me! -- yes sir . :)
sry :) thanks xd
watchin on always been a heart throb :) #myopinion
ada yang mau di #specialfollow ? yang mau aja yah :) buruann
:) or too much stress :)
#ff all of my followers if i'm not following you don't worry i'm getting there :) its not friday thou*
oh never mind me, i know too much celtic forlklore and read too much mccaffrey. :)
shoulders :)
yeah i know...and i commented :d ok...bye bye! ;)
filmnya keren banget :) tweeps,film clash of the titans tu bagus ngga sih?minta info ya.makasih sblmnya..
ok i'm goin 2 bed like my son aint gon have me up dummy early smdh oman!!gnite tweeties #april24artofseduction i'm invading queens again :-)
yes! i thought i'd went pretty good.. although it felt like all a blur lol! i sang "today was a fairytale" with guitar :-)
pet sounds is utter class. bet you're worrying now about what else you might not have heard.... :)
if you are intelligent :)
mc performance singkle speed versus racer enjoy and keep on wearing the spandx :)
please feel better ^_^
and the download it maybe i can share it with you :) if i can
i'm knowing this; lookn scruuumbsish my tenderoni! :) lol
thanks hemal! you too :-)
i had a grrreeaaatt time w/ =) "i'm posted" lllmmaaoooo
sowie its coming in late, just logged on twitter now, thanks for the #ff :) made my day so much brighter :)
good morning guys! :)
lol thanx!! :)
next person who follows gets a massive shoutout, goo :)
#jonasbrothers are more than just a band. they have great personalities as well :) <3
oh woow, thankkss :) i appreciate that.
ah, i got idjut boys here, imm.. some people manage to bring them to jkt. tonight! so i'll stick in this city for a while :)
wait minute. why? cuz i say! :)
rt@tasyak: congratsss bfc putri 70!!! ♥♥ dll :) :)
aww :) imagine the lion-keeper's kid[s?] being able to say they had a pet lion for a while.
i'm trying! although i'm finding the 'no butter' part the hardest :)
2144a742 add! hehe :)
some pics of jen ive never seen before...il post a few :)
totally watching mtv :) haha.
