bettter. manageble... meds make it all better! :)
chillin lol :)
gonna go back to sleep bye twitter :)
malem minta anter ke sate klatak tuh mantap! hey #yogyakarta it's so nice out today! :d
don't worry...daag ache hain...rofl. :d
#ff back at you, my #manutd ladies. ready for the big game? :)
yeah. fresh and clean and feeling nausious no longer. still twitchy and abit unfocused. but #sgu will help all this. :)
haha emang harus gunners :d
hahaha yeah samee here :) i watched hsm like everyday just because of him. eep i was a hsm freak :d haha
can't tell u.. hope u understand dear!! :-)
its going on series link on my sky :)
keep on supporting cristine reyes guys! =) thank you!
okay, so the next one tweeting me saying he followed will be listed 7 times! goooo :)
to do list for today shower, get dressed, do hair, go out. score! :d hmmm suppose i should fit eating somewhere in there...
hey #yogyakarta it's so nice out today! :d
please follow to help support the cause! :) visit our site for more info:
yee to'ol. garuk aja tuh cewe pake cangkul. ngahahaha my shoes are cute,rite?! as cute as the owner. :d
good night =)
#jonasbrothers :) love it!
a bit battered and bruised and swollen and shaken. but otherwise happy :-)
yeah, as if! :-) ooh, have a lovely day!
i hope that more fans join to project :d
the next person who follow will get 5 huge shoutouts ! tell me if you do :)
hey there. i'm fine. how are you? :d
: why do you think we've almost all left the mainland/hk to live in here ? :)
ive been following you =)
hey! going to an xfacor concert. what about you? :)
... "i shall return" ... :)
that sounds good... scattered covered and smoothered.. i'll take mine togo :)
i love you so i will talk to you whenever you want! :) haha don't unfollow <3
sige will keep that in mind.. am traveling with my mbp tom.. will shutdown after xray :)
can you follow me back please? :) x
wow, jumping-jacks, running on the spot, sit ups and push ups.. i am sweating already :)
www.bbc.co.uk/radio1/robdabank listen again u numpties :)
aigoooo so cute! yesung & onew ! our husband get along well together :)
lol thanks, so excited :d
you're a true star. :) so chuffed i get the chance to talk to you on here :d
i am now :)
if your famous dont forget ya fans they support u all the way but just dont forget them ok :) x
agree with that :d
i'll follow the next who follows : ! :)
no-one but you can-give you the permission to live the way u want to! :)
not for us! it is lunch time here in the world of planet! have a good one at harburn house :) p.s thanks again :)
heyy can you follow me back pleaseee?? :)
yeah, i think so! :) haha. goodnight!
hey! i like your hair :) x
hang out on 90.8 your friendly station w/@vardunk from 4-7 pm companied by chill out songs in the afternoon show :)
i'll bring the rain with me :)
only you can answer that for yourself :) the defintions of "worth it" is relative & it varies 4 every1 ->rt is ipad worth buying?
i'll follow the next who follows : ! :)
and isn't waking up with loved ones so much nicer than a fumble before parting? :) *blush*
that made my day :) i was hoping he'd put miley in there :)
i guess you're sleeping now then? lol hope you had funn :) ilygsm!!
slept in the car listening to my ipod :)
yeah. let's stop talking about school. enjoy the summer heat! :)
where r u hoe!!!! is treating us like princessessss! :) love him!
just commented on your blog. i sort of teach mixtapes at bcu. :)
that's not possible. you can't have been a true geek. i bet you never compiled a kernel with your own patches :-)
doubt it. never actually been. i'm fake artist. :-)
i'll follow the next who follows : ! :)
lol i love you! you're pimping me out :) haha
#welovesteph :d tweet it guys, her dad & cousin are both really sick, & she's a belieber ;)
i could murder a cup of decapitated coffee :)
thx. donde este mike belindo que se quite el tyson ese... :-)
heyyy :) x
yay! <3 i will definitely come <3 :)
please follow :) i need to dm you from there :) xx
she left a whole thing of ur fav peach cobbler in the oven babe :)
hah *phew* and i'm on my finall train :d yayyyy :d i nearly vomited i had to run so fast lmao. see you in a few :d x
#follow asap #mustfollow!! :)
where's that? think i may cave in for that :)
no prob & thank you for the #ff as well :) tgis, haha!! have a wonderful weekend <3
:) i like i like! wanna bite?
#f1 i wonder what vijay mallya is makin them drink in the force india cars :d
ha ha :d no but seriously i cud only claim 1 ..and i guess almost half my life is over!! :o
that's what i meant, yeah! we'll have to see how well it works on an actual ipad :)
good day lovely tweeps :d had the best sleep in months!
#jonasbrothers in the tt finally!!! :d
bought new toys for little j, and got myself a new pair of shoes :d
i hear my fans are singing my praises at #wondercon. listen to them. :)
bc its cute lol, nd idk lol just copy & paste them :)
naww good :) && yeah im atch goood thanks :) <33 xx
anyone else wanna be followed? this :)
me tooo, (: i wanna see "the last song" :)
ahaha yeah i thiknk it will... ahaha :) do you still want me to give you a few shoutouts? ahaha :) x :p
i'll follow the next who follows : ! :)
#doctorwho is back tonight!!! and i cannot wait!!!! :d :d :d
i've been waiting for you coming to jakarta since 2007, please make it happen :)
yay! i've found it :d
:-)
ayeee ♥ :) i think u forgot me:'(
good morning :)
ugghhh up.... car is packed.....waiting on every1 to get bak in it soo we can leave...sc was fun while it lasted...bak up north i go! :)
oh wow. so you email'ed them? :)
these are times i love having 4 boys!! i get to eat all their candy, halloween is the best lol!!! :)
.. in the town. both movies was hella good! rolling up now ^_^ .. fck yall doin?
i currently have nothing planned for that weekend. now i do :d
ahh this will fix it... #f1 calendar for ical (or google cal if u wish) :-)
finally, thanks to everyone who joined in the debate and said calm, sensible things on either side. twitter's good like that :)
i know will agree with me on that one right? (tna is the greatest show ever) :)
laying by the pool :)
next 5 people who follow will get a massive shoutout & i will dm justin & christian for you<3 tweet me if you follow, goo :)
ooh am getting all confused. it's saturday, isn't it? must be time! :-)
:) alrighty! sounds like an excellent plan to me
thankyou :) 1393
how are you, bay? :)
srry ! i wasnt here .. maybe u will not see this xd ill dm yah :)
the hindus will love you. :)
goodnight. *night* :)
r les of course :)
hehe old doctor who is on :d episode four to doomsday
i stopped spamming... feel baddd t.t well lets hope he sees our tweets .. :)
i love you more!!!! :) hope ur raging for me!! :)
me & zoe straight cuties. :)
can i have 4 more plssss!!!!! u guys did a great job and i hope u can help me again!!! pls i'll do whatever u want. :)
your birthday is my wedding anniversary! :-)
gmta! "the right stuff" nkotb? :)
my turn to pimp my blog: :)
:p :)
btw... thanks for the #ff . straight back atcha! :)
done with the easter eggs :d they are awesome!
cnnnt sleep; as usual #teaminsomnia in thiss bitch :d
i ♥ u ! :)
awesome :) we love your bgs, your so talented :)
oh yeah!! :) thanx for coming!! g2g, getting my hair ready xd
very nice :)
hope to meetup at #acec2010 :)
k thx :)
... "i shall return" ... :)
bedtime for bunnies! goodnight, see you after daylight saving ends! :d
she's adorable, i watch her videos when i can but its ray that am absolutely addicted to :)
good night!! :)
#beliebersarebigger everyone know that... :) ♥
oooooo. am i gonna see u today? #wishfulthinkin? :)
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
#nowplaying agnes monica coz i love you... abis itu lanjut rapuh... :d
that thought had crossed my mind :)
us again at benihanas owwww =)
well you twittered on about enough hope you're on commission :-) > they're #tea lovers!!
as soon as the last song hype is over, miley's gonna run back to nick and say; 'i had to kiss a monkey' :)
watching it now :) rofl, alonso!fail of epic proportions :d
:d ok let ma'am decide that :p
anyone else wanna be followed? this :)
meeting at montclair mall at 10:00 am sharp. where black t-shirts. not tight fitting plz see u tmrw :)
yeah me too, but mayb one day we will b lucky hopefully :)
thanks for the mention, much appreciated. a happy tangible karma day to you :)
not bad ta. off our shortly to meet and for easter egg hunt :)
yaaayyy lol :) dude!!! i loving the twit page!! #official ;) ((thank u! i'm trying!))
full tracklist asot 450 new york part 1 #asot #asot450 ... see you tomorrow for part 2 :)
"#isthataproblem if i ♥ to tweet until i win the apple #ipad from #123rf.com?""nope, i just want to know the rules before i tweet." :)
more suggestions? ipod's on form this morning so will give it a nudge and see what comes up :-)
oh well it's good to just do yourown thing. how are you anyway babe? :)
sardinia for whole of easter hols... 16 and on the loose with a load of italians ! jealous ? moi ? :-)
my back is fine, but my legs could use a rub :)
have a good day, paul! =)
finally going to bed night :-)
posting your gear out this morning, be in touch after the holidays :)
umm i guess ur done :) thanks <3
stunning :) lol lol the stag has to wear this all day!
i #doubledogdareyou to stop what you are doing and smell your belly button :) lmfao
meee too =p i wish :) will be celebrating your b-day with you?
hey #jonasbrothers went back up to number 2 ----- that makes becky happy :)
saturday night with friends. not on a beach but it's nice :-)
join the no fb crew :)
olca :d i dont have this fuckin letter on my laptop 'ć' slut :d
thanks! :)
hope to meetup at #acec2010 :)
ada yg mo nobar the clash of the titans g tweeps?walaupun review kmr kurang memuaskan,rasanya saya cukup penasaran :d #weekend
it must be the cold! :) – if it's any concession, the weather ain't that warmer back home!
i'm a big fan of green day :d i love their music, it's amazing.
thats true, i'm still walking on air over that :)
can you follow me back please? :) x
im good and its going well thanks =)
oh cool :)
awww, poor filipe. love his cute little face :-)
do you use torrents to download stuff? if you do, go to and search for "finale" under "software" :)
and i know where "he" lives :)
just read it, i'm in :d and i'm from england, btw if you didn't already know that but you said you needed to know, so yeah :p x
gosh ! me wifey was right ! these starbucks's cheese puff is heaven ! crunchy yet satisfying :d !!
where is the tiny chat at? or can i start my own and everyone can come :)
i love you too :-) i actually did it with my webcam; told me about a cool lighting trick when i met him too
that was me question :d
oh my... :-)
like they say it takes 2 weeks to get better with medicine and 14 days to get better without medicine :)
my :) to :( wudnt take time..
lol i nap actually. :) dis gul go in....neva sleep! lol
pretty pumped 4 an extra hour sleep tonight... goodbye day light saving. :)
anyone else wanna be followed? this :)
congrats! he looks just like you :-) how did you fit a baby that big in?
morning kath this saturday morning is treating me well thanks :-) how are you?
haha yeah :d
:d well i know how u feel :) and ur welcome anytime :)
my coach murtu is not in town... so gotta train all alone... its leg day :)
k, i am going back to sleep, night. :)
if only it were that simple! :)
lmaooooo i calmed down!!!! ♡ goin homeee :) u still goin hard huh?? lol!!
thank you so much if you voted on the classic fm poll. you guys sent gallifrey back into orbit. :)
don't be jel because you're not here. :)
lol :d :d at bookstore.lady chiding kid, loudly : "beta,stop it! do papa & i roll on the floor like this?" #fb
if u want me 2 follow u or listed u :d x
