folks! kita lg buat web sonic flux, dmn kamu bs liat video, audio, upcoming gigs kita..nanti dikbrin kl udh jd yah :d
singgggg me a love song :)
whoo no one unfollowed me while i was sleeping! :d
well... the mix tonight was a disaster. but at least i have sierra to cheer me up. :d
hahaha yeah im always a lil bit late :) haha so whats ur name btw?
#peopleshould eat smurf ice cream =)
just finished uploading new pics.. have a look.. :)
using for the iphone.. great app and it's free :)
#nowplaying function ft. cliff savage, indigo vanity & beebee :)
check ur inbox :) <3 nd what u up to :)
yayy. m going for eve match :)
wow. we like the same things! :d i like suvs (though not crazy bout cars), classy women n healthy food
crikey :p deffo not my name then? :)
apparently not :)
siangg :) siang idolaku...♡ ♥
thanks for your participants for gts! i hope you guys have fun! :) we will doing next time!
thanks to all my new followers.... :-)
has got 15 litres of bolognaise simmering, a quick coffee while the painkillers kick in then bread to make before doing the chilli :)
i'll be watching 'how to train your dragon' today. expecto awesomeness :d
thanks for the rt! happy easter! :-)
waiting for french food. noms :)
it's a bit small click on it for a better view. :)
lol i love all signs.. there ya go mag < ok now datz better.. i'm back happy now.. :) < see my face?
i should enjoy my weekend, i must enjoy my weekend :d
has been advised that at easter time chocolate has no calories. phew! :)
omg thank god!!! :-) #favor.
i can't even begin to express how cute he is!!! benji that is :)
..haii :) ♥ tweeted you
lol...awesome. =)
6000th tweet goes to husband :)
if you love making smili's after every setence haha :d
#oz karen, rumour has it that your two hounds are not as pictured but large hounds the size of swarm of horses :)
hello north carolina!! :d can't drive anymore!!! :( sleeping for couple of hours now!! bbl! xo #roadtrip2ny2 lol
easter show was awesome today! :)
ok..though i suspect i enjoy these more than him! :-)
lol thank you :)
oh no never had one of them!! will have to go get one when i come up :) xx
aha.. so go on do it :) best of luck!!
excellent! very good choices! :-)
#crypticbuttrue yeah, new and exciting, but shhh! wait for just a bit more :-) and i am going to crown you hashtag queen :-)
i still have tapes too. and bannana in pajamas :d
#ff #rt thank you! you're welcome! have a great saturday :-)
#smile :)
we will have it on youtube by monday max this is the best i can do :)
exam bhalo hoiche so no chinta do furty haha :)
yyyeeeeeeeessss!! thanks :) its okay . ill take one for the team ...
electric kettle lights up but won't boil. if i were i'd need a new kettle _and_ a new toaster. :-)
taky posloucham :dd stuck in the moment .. a pujdu ven asi za chvilu nebo nevim kdy :d
what day is ur birthday? :)
haha, it's "white chicks" :)
just getting ready to go to a concert :)
let's stay clear of the 'angkatan' thingy hahaha, stelah skian lama kenal, another new coincidence. :d
morning ! ( excited) i adore the book too high5 ! yes i agree it will be more difficult to film, but what a film it could be :)
i will love #jonasbrothers forever because of their incredible talent and how lovely and down to earth they are! :)
ahh reunited with sun matamo liga for easter!! :) thx u 4 coming out!!! that bay area luv!!
loll thats good ur mom approves :)
im talking about the things u asked me :) lol
ooc: finally back :) slow replies though x)
hi jasmine! i still watch the vids of your performance in sop in youtube...hahaha cant get enough..... =)
#shoutout to the dumb bitch callin phone!! i wish she had a twitter! lol i would tag that ass! :)
dear friends, thank you for your rtl : )
i understand what you are saying, if any of my children discovered my chocolate stash there would be severe rebukes........ :-)
bbmin wit while drivin... shits funny. :d
being a legend sure has its benefits :) is this really the first time you got your hands on one, steve?
i would! then you don't have to worry about deadlines. :-)
^_^ is when what u think, what u say, & what u do r in harmony. mahatma gandhi #quote :)
lol....thats wsup....what's goin down tommorow??? im tryna have some "fun" while im here lol :)
okay then.. thx :) u know who i am rite? ;)
you would have felt like i did this morning! urrrrghhh! :)
jadinegonzalez: noooo, i love you more than you love me! :d
aww :) happy for you.
you act like you dooo :( we bonded one night :)
i think you are beautiful :)
ah jus love mi give gyal =)
thankyouu :) x
spent my friday night doing nothing but good deeds for family & friends....and it felt great. love is life, and life is love =)
it's possible to see your 'replies' thread when you reply properly, and most twitter apps support it :) #tips
good morning..was passing by and couldn't help but notice that you seem a little pissed. all i can give you is a smiling face :)
bohong gue gue :) 7eleven mahakam , anyone ?
:)
#jonasbrothers are the sexiest guys in the world :)
maybe ur a freak :)
yes a warning helps, lest people thinks you're being too cocky geehehe :) so interview went well?
omakase for lunch :) hello there american dream :) -- stores now are open?
its pretty good! :)
thats what i like...to laugh ha ha ha <3 :d
hey jess! thanks for the #ff mention. right back atch! have a great easter. :d
everybody passed out lol lightweights! all finna have hangovers in the morning lol :)
ok :) have a pile of stuff by front door wellies/little tub for eggs/sat nav/bag :)
love to be loved. the beatles spoke truth when they said all we need is love. but u have to give to receive. think of love in everything. :)
koko like coco puffs :d and do u eat the onions like apples? lol
my pitbull is sleeping with me :) that makes me feel 25% safe from a demon right now. lol. fml.
u're very welcome. u too. have a great satnite :) thank u for the good lucks. have a lovely weekend friend
dun tell me! i luv animation movies too :) i have big collection of same :)
haha... actually, no.. she came up with that herself.. but it's a good excuse to watch some!!! :-)
followed dek (:rt follback ya kak thankyou :)
ok i need to go...i must clean my room :\ see u later guys! byee! :d
aww #iloveyou2 :)
hope been gone,thats why i treat u the wayy i do. =)
yoo everyone go follow right now she's a newbie :)
i'm home safee . =) it was iiqht #shoutout to my homieee #teamanga he did his damnn thinqq
ask? you know you want to :)
can you fedex them? :)
we compared ur iphone app with ovi app called mashkal lebneneh :p will brief u about it when i see u :)
home sweet home *takes off clothes into pjs* yep! :)
so my dad said "we will see when friday comes" wich in my dads book means yes so i am going to meet -dies a happy girl- :d
here's to the future 'cause i'm done with the past :d
dammnnnn !! i miss u morreeee :)) how could u aren't tweet me :( okayy let's ввм an :) hahahahahah
your doing a me the from the other night :) ftw!
owwwwww my b day bash was fucccccckin offf da hooook.everyone had fun<--yessir !!! :)
kiran the real world star wife! plz :)
haha i see :) .. oh, i recieved ur dm. i already replied.
follow me back please? thanks :)
thank you! :d
i'm happy you like that fanfic :d
not sleepy but the little mermaid is on! hell yea!!! ^_^
well thank you aww hey look at you soo beautiful how u doing tonight gorgeous :) ?
awww... i only noticed the #ff now! you're a honey. :)
i know i'm like retarded for not hearing it earlier but i just heard be there it's gooood :)
wikipedia ftw! that's what i used anyway. :)
:) yay
wohoo its my birthday in 3 days :)
# #crypticbuttrue yeah, new and exciting, but shhh! wait for just a bit more :-) and i am going to crown you hashtag queen :-)
i know my job ties me up a lot but keeps ya commuted,enjoy tonite & let me know if u go early :) x
she won't hate us, we are the best jasminators babahaha :d may she didn't :)
thanks for the #ff bit delayed but right back at you :)
what? no transofmration into seal form for a quick frolic? :) > i just transformed human to frolic on land ..
hope you are ok :) yeah, it was good :) i got ill though :/ xxx
cuit. cuit and th romance continues :d and at lunch in ubud
hi there! thanks for the rt! great hearing from you and i'm glad you liked the quote too. have a wonderful day :-)
yessssss =)
oh yes! and it's going to be good :d
going to tedx berkeley tomorrow! so excited :-)
a very happy birthday to u ure mi madre's bday mate :) have a great one and god bless!
amazing gig tonight at spaghetinni! dean grech had a hot band and everything felt great! the audience was way too awesome! loved it!!! :)
thank you. very cool night!! :)
i would like atleast a 100 =) my followers go fan my page.
aww katrina :) ps. i just did a 3 hour night drive with erika through sf and mastered the streets. you would be proud.
"papa coming home gonna give you that raw. . ." oh yeah like that?! lmaooo! :d
asik see u there!! akupun kesanaa.. see you there! :d (re: segarra)
no i am a sex hotline :d
mutha fuka! well hello there! =)
haha so many people tell me that :) i wonder how. says i have magical powers :) lol.
another great show :-) can't wait for my 6th tonight!
finally going to bed :) gooooooooooodnight <33
me :d yg blg toothless cute
hang out with ryan xd he is hotter! haha :)
<3 ya, homie. keep your head up, lady. please call me and let's get together and kick it for reals. :)
what the?? he's my best friends boyfriend :) hahahaaaaa :d
please comment on my pic xxx :d
looks like yatterman/gatchaman. probably time bokan. :d
#hotvote didn't labour realise gene hunt is a heroic legend? no? thought not...great for cameron :d
cnn showing a 40% decline in prime time viewers since 2009....that's gotta hurt! maybe anderson cooper should wear tighter shirts! :)
morning world! today's gonna be good, man u and chelsea game then out tonight :-)
can't sleep... oh joy. well since i'm up. i'll go watch lots of youtube videos :d
naw 4get about it =)
lol you're right there, i keep staring it down to try and make the red light go off but it's ignoring me at mo :d
goodmorning everyone :)
let's play a game. ask me any question you might have (about me!) and i'll answer honestly. :) one question per person. :p :)
be careful ! enjoy the show for me please! :) wish i could be there!
good morning twitter :d what's ever1 doin'? (: 2day it's so nice outside :)go shopping in konstanz l8er with my mommy...
thank you for the late #ff :)
^_^ what ya doin up alexxx?? :-)
don't worry, i had that problem too. just keep writing and mrs p will go mad with the red pen :)
lmaooo idk if shell want me but ill ask i guess :)
i just saw on ehm :d
hey :) what's up?
me please?! :)
omg i no!!!! grrrrr fucking bro these days! :@ lol btw im aussie :d
thanks. :)
i followed.. can 9i have a shouout instead of a dm?? i can do that myself. :)
meee! :) im almost at 600 followers :)
i want a gum that never runs out of flavour ! :d
if you think twitter is addictive. :)
n ma neck of the woods lol in west oakland #nshit--amigo! ^_^
i like to use commando pro for the no falling damage. not using ninja just because of a few useless noobs. lol :-)
i've almost finished my collage of :d x
next time you coming with :) #reppin!!!!!!!!!!!
aww, igot such a sweet txxt :)
me please? :)
ouhh okay :) i'll watch it kalo masi main. how bout clash of the titans? have u watched it?
thank you for the follow :d ♥♥♥
ok deal :) and this time we won't fail =)
good :) i'm good too and watching dc too haha :d
yup! koko like coco puffs ;) (i like to call him k.o k.o sometimes :) and i do eat onions like apple except i grill them :d
awwww :-)
bumping to such a fuckin amazing song "knockout"@lilwayne -@nickiminaj :d this song is the bestest!
all our libraries are open their usual saturday hours today! :-) quite a few children at st annes library taking...
q:you're pretty. a:not a question, but thank you! :d
hugs back :d
is up after quite a sleep in, compared to yesterday... :-) #fb
finally home :) good night tweeple!!
:d #myzodiacs scorpios are committed to anything they do, including relationships — they absolutely adore the idea of love.
i know man but still... armin chooses him and stuff. and besides, armin rocks and you know it :d #asot #asot450
i just took "a real life justin bieber love story! (part 4)" and got: :d read below...! try it:
and then i played farts in fb scrabble!! :) zooming into the lead with farts...
nice to meet yu too :) where yu stay?
<< follow now :d !
pupil involvement is v trendy nowadays :)
hey didi welcome to twitter i think you're really awesome and you have a nice voice! glad i get to see you on tour this summer! :)
