ah well you're off till tuesday so you might as well enjoy yourself :d
morning! feeling like that about btcc....know a few of the drivers & want them to do well! :-)
looks like itunes is working now! :d
thanks for the #ff :-)
thankyou darling :)
oooooh, trade jewellery brochure has arrived.... luvverly luvverly stuff :-)
on the train from luzern to engelberg: a train ride in switzerland is basically a sight seeing tour :) and a comfo...
your tweets make me laugh :) must catch up soon!
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
its the guardian so pretty work safe :)
good old days. who says u can't make a music video 4 a bbq :)
aww thanks kak :)
had the best dream ever last night :)
good night from spain :)
if an apple has its time of the month, i suggest the apple ipad :)
si ce ti-am dat eu tot aia spunea :) de-aia iti dadusem
not photographs: hyper-realistic pencil drawings /via — artist says he is 'improvising a lot' :)
#oz chatting / you to gals are everywhere :-) "i've been everywhere"
orly? your still awake?! then check out veda day 2! :d
try to love weekend, bcoz we all do :) +1 bosennya ya ampun..pengen cepat senin..i hate weekend!!
ok, i will offer you some cupcakes w the latte machiato & some chilling tunes to get u back on track :-)
morning lisa, happy easter weekend to you :-) xx
ah, happy holidays...off soon for shopping and lunch :-) xxx
1600followers :d
does anyone have the twitter of cute guys? ♥. dm me :) xxx
rt: #nowplaying fantasy girl. classic in the making. hahaha...vegas tomo. :) <--- #bang!
can i just say that you and are one of the cutest couple i've ever met in my life. i wish you well guys :)
omg that is madness! :o that why we love yaaaa :d x
lol' yu hype because yur dope afffffff ! :d . mann . i needa go out there . i shoulda been out there this weeeek !
you'll be the first to know!:) if i did do you actually think i could meet him? :)
definitely!! :) must do! i'm hoping to meet a few people in real life down at #acec2010!!
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
no problem! :) have a great long weekend and i'll be sure to tweet should i finally get a hot cross bun!
lol :) janerholmes hilarious explanation of easter from daughter (6): jesus died on the cross. i think he was stabbed. or had measles.
makasi mep :) congrats yaa :) happy 4,5 ♥ :* happy 4 years 5 month anniversary
hahahahaha..oh people suck. i'm working on the banner thing now ma'am :)
lmao. no one except my super close friends do! :-) that's one thing i keep a secret! i never say where i work, online.
congratulations! just read your blog. i wish more artists thought like that.best of luck :)
the ipad signage goes up in palo alto. geeks in line go crazy. :-)
follow her now -> :d
i agree kenny :-) pupils want that seperation between sch and home , it's why i use mac at home not pc it feels less like 'work'
too kind :-)
peace roy =)
it should be a good race, with a topsy-turvy grid with ferraris and mclarens at the back. hope you enjoy it tomorrow! :)
:) happy easter 4u2!
oh and mind you, i still haven't decided if i'm getting one :) i'm on the fence still
just tweeting, you? :)
landed golden island court !! time to schoolin' someone .. :)
very good job rubinho!! #tamojunto :)
his point about not asking anymore is a good one. really, you make your own trails and figure it out your way... :)
thnx tho :)
ah, it is :d
i ammm :) doesnt matter lol
april 12th so just over a week. 64gb for $350 :)
massive shout outs if u comment thank u yeah not good one =/ lol :d x
yep ca roule nikel chrome :) on a peter les stats hier soir :))))
why thank u bff :-)
whatever gives me the upperhand dear :)
very cool sir :)
awesome :d where are u from?
i have had some straight away and some went missing :)
get a glue and piece of paper and put it the paper with glow from inside, it will look ok but not so strong if u are fat :d
i did not :d lair, u did miss her :p
а как ты думаешь? :)
hope he has a brill day. he's going to love the bike :) will post my pic of the blue i wore yesterday (duvet) later on :)
hey i'm good thanks, you? :) aww ye i did, i loved it, it was so good!
force india 4th and 10th in malaysian gp quali !!! :d
aww thanks for #ff honey #mwah :)
umm can you dm to follow me please? thanks <3 :)
sure, signed :) hope you get to meet him!! :)
damn girl, do you ever get a full night zzzz's in ? :)
thanks for the shoutout! :)
hey :) glad to know.
yeahh good thankyou :) haha hows brandy bieber? still biting people? ;) & you done much? <3 x
you shouldn't be :p i told a few people my pass & see my account is still intact :)
do i spy an proving he did his shift? :d (ws)
you can't see it :) x
you better text me your imei number :)
i know... snow in spring? crazy... and more on the way i hear.... fortunately none stuck on the road :)
hey there new follower :)
please follow my twitter buddies :d
#nowfollowing they share my birthday !! april 12. mark your calenders tweeps. i like budweiser :d
thanks for the information. :)
hahaha : ) not local train. but surely its tweeter train! we r all on a journey here! & its endless1!
#nowfollowing >> cot dayum <<< lol see they gettin u followers already // wooohooo :d
sweet dreams :d muah!!! :* and nitey nite :)
awww! i just got sent a wedding invitation :)
yes, i believe it will! what's your gamer name? :)
godnight! i love you :d
still haven't gone to sleep :d have to be up early for a support call with rackspace anyway
that's what they say to me recentlyrt when i look at u all i see is a walking miracle =)
shoutout for shoutout? :)
get to 195 followers before i give you question 4 :)
have you given up? stay strong, it is really worth it :)
'
lol, thanks :-)
n mr p dn exeis tpt n kneis :d
using mobile now. pic is small. thot it would be some actress ;) :p :d #truth
definitely the perfect friday night :)
good :d i want to come back to korea again :d
hahah aww such a good friend you are to me :)
