that's cool! :) wow... paramore,my door
if u're belieber i follow u back, and ill listed you :)
would love to be one of your proof testers :)
sounds good :) urm not much :l checking the news :)
g'morning everyone ☺ haaaaaay ma !!goodmornin « mornin` :)
oh. we are talking abt just the weather, not the city as a whole! :)
yeah haha. she was talking about the dress and stuff :)
woohooooo 2450 followers :) i hope i can reach 2500 by today!
if you're belieber and you're very proud of :)
new #recipe: chocolate and passion fruit truffles happy easter fellow foodies :d
thanks! hope your team win too! :-)
hehe, one must learn to switch off sometime ... tho i am a great preacher of switching off, i am not a great advocate :)
haha, ive never watched that before! is it good? :)
thanks for accepting my friend request on facebook :)
who wants my msn !???! dm meee :)
what do you think of the new look on ? :)
don't worry i'm in the back seat :)
ขอ follow น้าคะพี่คริส :dd//dai loieee ka :)
where did the ears go? :-)
my mom was singing never let u go today. :d
hehe.. i tagged you anyway! you dont have to do it! you can tell me twitter! :d
=> in my twitter background!! :)
hah. you're funny. i meant it as in i'm always the driver.... so it was nice being driven to sf & back :)
since the ipad release is today can you say what the gpu model is yet? :) i'm still hoping for a 545 but i'm guessing only 540
thanks :)
episode 23 of coexisting with nonhuman animals finally uploaded, at 5kb per second! :) http://bit.ly/ddp6t1 #vegan #veganpodcast
follow me back plz :)
q:how old are you ? a:i'm 12 years old, almost 13... :)
great :) and yes i do.. jannie_93_mb@hotmail.com just add, i'll accept when i get home :)
pleaseeee follow mee :) loveyouuu xx
thank u :)
play nicki minaj massive attack! or chris brown crawl pleaseeee :)
sigh. maybe now i can rest. night twitter ^_^
i've not won any eggs moan moan, there again i havent won a telly moan moan or a phone for my friend who isnt moan moan :d
could you please follow , she reallys want you too :) your married to her friend on faceboook ;)
plix who knows any member of the adenuga fam.... i want to attend that wedding.... :d
hey hunni!! hows it going? :)
but your better now? :d & its going good, other than the fact i broke up with my boyfriend :d lmfao. hbu? xd
you'll be happy to hear that the results of our most recent episode concur with your views on ibu. :)
super! =) keep me posted on how its going.. we can keep pushing each other to stick to it! ;)
today aint easter...looooool.....i swear its the sabbath? :)
thanks :)
greece def does :)
cool :d what a great idea. i approved it :)
hey! follow for follow? :)
if u're belieber i follow u back, and ill listed you :)
i'm great :) uhm, hey!
hi! likewise :d
i hope you can remember it too! :)
cheers will give it a look :)
morning to you ya eshta and afternoon to me :)
just to keep opponents honest! aka so you can play around the other 3 copies of swerve that aren't in my deck :)
next 2 peeople to follow ~ will get listed 20 timees ! tell me if you did :) !!
pretty impressed..but got bored of windows..wanted to try out new platforms :)
is the i pad worth getting? what do you guys think? :)
i'm enjoying the weekend mixture of relaxing and work at the same time. :)
if u're belieber i follow u back, and ill listed you :)
your sets have been vehemently sublime tonight! loving it loads! :d
guess which version i got from amazon? :)
btw fyi ive made the decision that i dont drink anymore :d
i don't use it for anything but for downloading those albums i never get anywhere :p it's just plain progya :d
if u're belieber i follow u back, and ill listed you :)
it's what the internet is for :-) great moments in pop music nudity (photos)
thanks for the fab #ff happy easter weekend :-)
your new background looks beautiful! i love :)
aww thats good so :) where ye gigging today? xox
welcome! :) thanks!
*waves* hey bex! :-) xxx
had 2 check on glade she good :-) «that's why he's greattttt thankx luv
just..."mom" or "maa" or whatever the kid calls the real mom? :)
please follow me =)
i'll list you all twice, just tweet me so i can see who i should list =d
subway mmmm :d
gonna watch clash of the titans at 9.40pm, gv t.b.. then see how :)
go read it go go go go and everybody :)
i'm so hungry.. any advice what's the best food?? i'll give you huge shoutout if you give me an advice. :)
lmao, have fun! :d & nope nothing exciting since x factor lol xd <3 x
yay! thanks :)
me too :) my name is biiebzpriincess lmao
followed :)
later again twitter. standby. :)
i'm going to wait for a while. my birthday is soon, and i'll have more money then =) maybe someone will give it as a gift =p
me and were singing high school musical singstar at 2 i'm the morning. we #r00l! :)
follow this amazing belieber --> :)
:) whenever we battle again ill make sure i get it to you, out video today was terrifying lmao my legs are still so sore i couldnt
legal..? just trying to avoid getting kicked out of tesco in your pyjamas? :d
back? did it leave? ola :)
that's not a boat, this is a boat. :)
i want some cold beer... :)
thanks for retweeting! :)
oh, i see. :) thanks :d
yeay! just finished our show, it was a fun show. thank's guys =)
i prefer standing at the door and taking snaps...fun it is :)
tomorrow's #handsonyork day at involves egg painting :) bring the little ones if you're free :)
lol :d why yu not sleep though dont u have school?
a big hello to ash from me :-)
if u're belieber i follow u back, and ill listed you :)
irah.,can u give me shoutout.? thx,, :d
thanks dear :d
watching 'blow' now with johnny depp [[ great movie :) ]]
follow my sexy real blood cousin =)
