i have a thai coleslaw i bet you'd eat :) #nom
1. thank you for everyone who shared #ff love with me 2. a big hello! to all my new followers. i don't auto-follow but always respond. :)
you are very welcome victor! :) /////have a great weekend.put it on my tab:-)
mine is okay with phones (at least, *was* :-) but she freaks out when the doorbell rings.
you'd best bring me up instead then :) (sorry not quite asleep yet!) or... start watching #westwing.you can talk about that.
omg, what happened to your bb? and did you have a good night? :) xx
ha ha. alright. i'll buy asteroids. see you in game room. also, for personal convo, hit me up on xbl, not here :) ^jm
#ff the official fanpage for --> :)
had changed that to & :) i still have them to & this
shoutout :)
thanks for all the #ff's my friends. i hate twitter, but i love reading what you guys have to say. to my new followers, i'm sorry. truly :d
i will not tweet until i find the egg. :) this may be a while...
thanks for the #ff lurve. :)
ty for the shoutout! como estas? =)
ah she's miserable today. hard making the transition. she'll be better when she's settled in. thanks! : )
4 more fans and we have 1,500 please suggest to your friends, more fans = more prizes :)
yay! i'm glad you enjoy yourself today :-)
ohhh i see :)
i thought you would! :) me too! i just don't want it to go too fast once we get there!
haha okay :) thanks colleen! you're wonderful! #holdingofwrist
it was one amazingly funny episode! :d
updates are back on :)
my best friend is amazing :) i couldn't live without you uggawugga!
thanks for the retweet, love :)
lol yeah there so amazing together they really look like father and son =)
thanks for the #followfriday :d
follow now and ill follow some peeps up! because you all always ask me lol he needs 5 more gogogogogo! :) hes my boss
#ff :)
i actually have made a 3pc stand... and by stolen, i just meant my son took it from me :)
hahahaha :d yep, just need to buy one and we're settled
my intentions are bad... id much rather these people follow me :) "follow my intentions, don't follow me!!" jimmy hendricks
i love everyone :) » everyone loves you too
awwwww timmy :) i dk... but awwwww soo cute :d
if you want to take to prom! :)
happy birthday!! hope you have a good one!! :)
thanks to #easterkeg hunt my phone got fatigued too. my droid was down for the count after just 6 hours :d
i'm happy that everyone is happy! :d feels like it's national happy day. everyone is so jovial.
girl! got your dm to my phone. of course i will :)
true... i've had 3 already. :d
follow me yaa thanks :)
deanna's a loser. tiffany rocks :)
well, the t in tardis does stand for time, so time were bound to like that pic :)
#youknowyougotomasonwhen half your school is from 757 so you tweet about #youknowyourfrom757when lol :-)
sexy costumes sexy lingerie sexy leather and so much more, we are not selling church out fits here :) drive him wildhttp://bit.ly/hedpd
is so close to achieving her dream, she has over 1000 signatures. keep signing :) .. and she mght just talk to jb for you.
fine. :d love you. loser x
im a little crazy at times with my tweets about d..... just warning you =)
lol i kind of liked that photoshoot, but i like goth para stuff. :) yeah, they seem 2 yell a lot. or i'm watching tv louder
welcoming you;)! :d
sacrifice=great mother! :-) once again leavin the mall wit z plenty of clothes and me nothing :-(
whos got skype? :)
i dont need a job, im doing just fine thanks :)
pretty good. i'm like obsessed with tumblr.com lol, and u? :)
she sent a girl over. i just give a shout to adam ashberys mrs. boom :-)
:) rite here! i miss u tooo where's my shana boobie i miss her its been mad days since i spoke to her
i'm here mon., weds., fri. and sat.. regina does put in a lot of hours on here. :)
:) xxx so whats up? btw we never got #ukbeliebers a tt
so mean. funny, but so mean. =)
hola :)
anyone up for getting us to 11,000 for the sake of being nice :d
this person just said to me on society the nicest thing, im actually in shock! :d
lolforever!! out of the 12 of us, i am the first to arrive. this is my life. :)
i doubt u will get the peak but at least more than usual :)
the pink tissues are my fav! :) thanks
your heart is made of gold... the rest is just a shell. :) you're a beauty and i love seeing you.
thanks brandi. :) yeah, i was pretty freaked out for a while. <--hope you feel better soon.
oh boy ... lol. i hope i was good :) ur were in my dream last nite! i was in vegas! crazy!
i bought the princess & the frog for the girls i'm looking forward to seeing it :)
because my head won't fit on one, no doubt. :) hilarious!! lol
today was a great day.. sangria and the sun :)
if you guys don't read this for justin might unfollow you. oh no. go read it now :)
ff nesse poat: :d
you guys are so nice! i might photoshop out the gray! :)
:) :p #shoutout 2 my bro and the homegirl had me #dead before lab today.. shit my abbs hurt.
one more weird animal mating strategies tweet, then i'll get back to things not to say during sex :)
rt: retweet if this yo last high school sb'! < may21st we outta hs :) !
thank u :) congratulations to for winning "most trust online travel authority" !
feelin good, feelin great :d #nbs
yayyy i'm home :d exactly one more week left of paul mitchell the school! fuck yes. cant wait to see my love later <3
awww *hugs* think tho, just one more day and then funtimez in london :-) xxxx
love you, sugar!!! :)
yes, i am online. oh yesss! all the way! and thankyou! please get me only 5 more followers! it would really help! :)
my friend and i were wondering if we could get a "happy easter" shoutout? :)
is so close to achieving her dream, she has over 1000 signatures. keep signing :) .. and she mght just talk to jb for you.
hey mr :) did u finish the video in times square?
thanks for the #ff!! :d
smile! glad u all love have thought about retailiing, but don't want your hours :)
that's what i am here for. :)
:) wow...kids fighting 4 kids! take a few minutes & listen. these kids r #solid
can u plz follow me/ :)
ok, you guys are way beyond me. all i know is i push a button and my polaroid scans look like i want them to. :-)
i got your email...i will look into that. :)
uhh ,what's everyone doing ? :)
can u buy me some shoes like ur vans? please and thanks!! :)
hey! :d it's koryn! :d my parents bought me windows 7 for easter! :d :d so happy! :d going to t.o 2morrow with :p
sure :-)
that's awesome 4 u! i do so love it here at the beach so it's the price i pay to live in a tiny apt near the ocean. :-)
resnding then! =)
but your idea is more sound :)
nope we're going to first friday fire and then to a burlesque show... but i'll be tomorrow :)
