euch schöne osterfeiertage. :-)
tell yo bitch she can thank me =)
i've set up a world for discussion about primary / k-12 teaching & learning in gravity if any use. please :)
you're getting good at gaming that one :)
no problem, i thought you knew something i didn't :-)
awesome friends, appreciate your mention : )
wooooooo! thank you fans and viewers for your donations! getting in line 6am for the ipad. will be broadcasting :)
hello there my two pretty bows ^_^
saw the homie tonight, through a bunch of madness and still managed to do business :)
akuaku mau :) yang mau difollow deh tp harus follback. bantu ya ;)
unable to follo bak 2day til i get my numbers up. i hav sum "unfollowers" need to no if its truetwit? will follo asap :-)
okay :) what will i get ya? u'll get me to 6,748 :)
the boys are watching the borrowers they are silent lovely :)
ha! its cool taking it slow, very slow. heading out to 'pandora' in a few :)
ahhh trippin. need to go my ass to bed. had to get away tonight. houston..see you sunday :)
nice :) u have pic ?? can i see some ?? :)
hmm... i must still be on the hospital schedule. i woke up at 3 am, wide awake. good thing i have these internet tubes to entertain me :)
morning hun, have you rung yet? :d
thanks :)
lol yes! out of twitter jail. :)
, how are you ? : )
wow , be patience baby :) , time will go fast haha
aww. thank you! :) i hope so too! and i hope your dad's next destination's in the states too! ;)
follow me back please? thanks :)
nat! i already knew we were secret lovers, but to what do i owe this declaration of love? :d
today the weather very great day :) and it's very hottttttt
yeah its so hard,i work part time as well but its hard. how exciting for u. well if u need any more help just let me know :)
i will dm justin 50 times for the next person who follows . tweet me if you follow, gooo :)
thank you for commenting on it :d haha i know it sucks a lot. but im okay with that ;d and yes u totz shood start watching it!
just finished my two page poem. now i am exhausted. off to bed. night night. :)
thanks! i'll add them with todays updates. wwe are over here next week, so i should have some michelle/nick stuff for you =)
i just wanted to tell you, you looked more amazing than usual in san francisco. it's your fabulous haircut. :)
no....just here being a little bored maybe go to bed by default :-)
ran out of orange juice :) lol
goodmornin' :)
baby on funniest home videos!!! :)
thank you for ff :)
off to nashik for the weekend! vineyards are a-calling. :)
lmao, & yea im a weezy fan :)
; #offthis , need more rest from everything . all ppl have done was put pressure on mee . see ya later tweebs :) .
yea, hotties with some great bodies! :)
haha , smile (: then say i love you too && kiss him back! :d
thanks for the suggestions :) will pass it on to the friend. thanks again.
this time reall goodnight =) brat dolls twittterrrsssss and special ppl i talk to u love yaaaa
if you want me to list you 5 times :)
thank you very much for the #ff's :)
everyone needs to tweet and request rock your world and snap a ppic by indigo !!!!!!! =)
hahaha okay :) i wont tell anybody sth :d promiseee <3
good morning :)
hi dl41! service is going to be great today =)
southern district sr. ybl seminar!! thank you for the manju!!! :)
hah loving the password security :-)
movida i think darl....scrummy : )
i'm gonna break your heart :-)
i'm sure u guys were fab! looking forward to paid dues! :)
#bandswith3killerfrontmen, kiss, obviously. they cover every inch of the stage :) (oops, that was a cliche, but you know what i mean)
once u date a regular guy, u think guys r all the same. once u date u kno there's not many like him :-) #omgthatssotrue
well, the #trancefamily must be taken care of. sweet dreams :)
alright time to charge my camera a bit then take the vid and pics off it :d
listening to the beach boys, pet sounds, one of the greatest albums of all time ever... in my humble opinion :)
great :d alot of ppl dont know where is it :d and where are u from ? :)
, haha i just made the opposite switch, being a google slave i put myself back under apple's regime recently. happy now :d
oh really?! well that's always a good thing to know :d #notetoself lol
samee. just got in the housee :)
we gotta get you to auburn, alabama!!!!!!! :)
in love!!!rt just did 2 illegal u-turns to say heyyy to :) totally crushin
off dulu..batere mw tewas.. :)
do you toast your hot cross buns or just warm them up and then add butter? i toast but in-laws warm them up in oven :)
mimpi upload foto buat gue yah??? mimpi semalem indahnyaaa... jadi kenyataan pleaseee!! :d
mmmmm scrambled eggs on toast for breakfast :-)
so u thinking what im thinking =)
if u dont wanna sleep, well talk with ur fans =)
hah ok ok (: btw listen to this song!! -http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duf8vespilg :d
then don't follow me :) problem solved dear hey ur so annoying na! --- agree! don't mind them! =)
probably still baby haha or never let you go or stuck in te moment haha and ur ? :)
gotta go get ready and get some breakfast, back later :) <3
oh cool :) & yeah it's perth :p
morning all the sun is shining yay :)
i'll help you :) if you give me one haha jk ! but if you need help let me know
can't wait to watch the special features later. but shopping and tidying house comes first :( hope u have a lovely day :)
going to catch a train to the seaside :)
haha, take me with! :)
in departure lounge at heathrow. flight to istanbul and then to ethiopia, eek! happy easter :)
the former. the latter rarely happens, or else i would be in a much better mood more often :)
i've been bored all fucking day girlyyy, lol :)
haha. fuck you! :) i'm scared as fuck.
thanx q!!!! =)
hi :) omg u changed your username! nice! haha
thank you so much. i do have that in common with my father :)
wassup, fancy seeing ya here! :)
yes ur wife did :)
thank you john. when you next find yourself in new zealand, consider yourself invited :)
fuck bitches ! :d
follow me :d
toc toc ..! :)
woo! baby is a background song on tv! :d
happy birthday jack! :)
yuuuuuup! :) xxx
hey, tyler! how ya doin'? :)
that's actually not my favorite! the barista just made it for me hehe. my favorite's a nonfat iced white chocolate mocha :)
