labil! sp.kk dilupakan nam? i want to be a pediatric :)
goodnight thnx for the birthday love :) <3
shoutout to for dealing with myself & steves #fuckery tonight! i'm there with u in naked spirit!!! hahaha :) love you!
#follow lovely anytime ! & thank you for your mention ! :)) enjoy your ( lazy ) easter weekend :)
tehe! :) how did i like the backrub?!
go butler! final 4 in indianapolis! no school has won a final four in its hometown since 1975... let's go bulldogs :)
agreed :) i think i might make a pot now :l darjeeling ftw :') x
oh fucking yeah hoes i am the first person followed. suck on that :d
i believe goes for gee... carlton. :-)
morning :-)
it's my doing his thing :d x
happy blingy birthdayyyyyyyyyyy divaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! =)
thanks for your rts!! =)
off to weekly judo exercise. :)
hidup itu santai aja, dear.. asli santai : ) iyhh sihh..rt
:) thank you in advance
good afternoon from here!!! my bff is in the us she promise to bring you back to thialand for me! :d
buondì :)
no problem :) thanks for that one
ppls follow right now! because she was rted 2times by justin! w.o.w follow pleaseeee follow ! :)
party party party.... screaming coming loud clear..... can u guys hear :) #iplnights
hi twitter sorry 4 minimal contact i've been on enforced rest after small surgical procedure and if u wonder: no brain was found! :-)
lol thank you i get hella clever :)
it's late, so don't scream too loud. :) love you
you're making a valid point here! ;) ... now while you mention it! :d
had one helluva party last night at the pm smoking lounge in galera!!!!!!! one more night to go! :)
ok hope you get it sorted and have fun tiara shopping =)
i fink you did lol, but hey :d
seeing as its too late to record now, but it is on again later, i'll record it all then & put it on a dvd to post to you :)
eek! thanks for the heads up andy :)
thanks for the #ff! have a great weekend :)
hey, thanks for the hun! that recipe looks yummy! :-)
whosss upp ? iwanna roast sumbody :d
appreciate you mentioning tibettruth :)
londonn :) i thought for some reason you lived in america :s haha x
hahaha yeah :d i'ma fine, thanksss. and how are u, sweetie? <33 love u, too. ♥
ooopss! is that the time??? eish, gotta go! :( things to do like shopping :) loved the chats this a.m. tnx to all. wish u a fantastic day!
thanks for the #ff mentions. i really appreciate them :-)
i know he is, :-) i have seen him up close!
me too! it was a good day! :d
thank you for the #followfriday :) have a great weekend!
lma0 . and them is s0me b0mb ass left0vers . :) but im sure y0u already kn0 these things ! =d bahhahahahah
ooh ooh ooh ooh yeaaaa iwanna sex you up :)
=)
ok, can also :)
everyone me in red :)
sorry i thought i was! i am now :-)
thank you ! yes. first novel it is. had written it for last november. :)
has a #prettybody :)
yuuuuppppp =) lmaoo werdd riqhtt. shit lett em know slimee..its lifee..
haha iya :) sabarrr :) sumpah bego bgt gua, bisa ga lgkp ngetweet ke padahal udah
good meeting u tonite...and great show :)
aww u better stop it =) lol ..boys ain't spose 2 blush ahahah
follow her because jb said so :d
yom :d tea solves everything ;d xo <<< #truefact
thanks for the on behalf of my son :)
morning twitter :) up much earlier than yesterday hahaha. got work at 12 /:
good session of gaming. played with the best in the pacific northwest brawl for 6 hours, then owned up mlg halo :)
so now i have to go through all my files to re-add them again this was in myspace :) fuck this really pissing me off
follow back ya =)
lolll :d thank you ! sme to u,
hmm. thats a hard question. but its between u smile and where are you now? :)
q:ask back dong :) a:okay
ok im back :) wanna start now?
eating a whole fish & rice before i go to bed... supposedly that's bad for you but i'm sure i'll burn it all off with my crazy hyperness :)
haha it's true! :)
i'd never heard of that thank you!! :)
so, dein link ist drin...featured links :)
dontcha just love being you ? :-)
thx anthony./ max i keep updated :-)
thanks for the #ff :)
and a good monring to you too. :-)
itzsn1pzzzzzz lol need help picking a gamertag there fella? i think you missed the e or 3 lol :-)
yessss so don't play the big all powerful editor with your pedantyness and clever.. :) xx
yes :) but the time list i can vote only with computer :) when i turn on computer i'll vote lots time for ☺
dear good night! ..its the morning in england :d
movie time is always the best =)
thanks! i'll ping you to let you know how it goes :) btw please try to convince maggie to start usig ping!!!
that's cool... nice to know you buddy... :)
tomorrow 6pm kst we're going to trend #asiananchovy :d fyi eunhyuk doesn't have twitter!
i heard you on phone! :d how the weather there? burrrrrrr here
good morning :) hows you? :p x
plz help me get 8 more so i can reach 1000 followers :d i will love you forever and help when you need it :)
mansions the hollywood sign will not be affected so cheer up miss simmons :)
thanks, love my chocolate :)
i will :) wait a minute.....
love yall, goodnight!!! :)
on frormspring eh? sure! im checkin' just now =)
yeahhhhhh :d <33 lol and julia and tiffany
i wonder why he was so mad?..:/..poor dude hope he cheers up :)
and finally i tightened my belt.. plunged into the filth and changed my kitchen sink pipe!! the chemical engineer in me in reborn :)
lol www.youtube.com/justinurban03 that's who i am :) subscribe????
a cuppa too? i'm an old 31 :)
oh my fave book ... it's so good that they have it here :) but i want to buy it ..
oh yes! :-) nice oneeee! howdy doody this morn?
yeah my bad using live writer now :)
have u allready seen this one? thanks for all reactions! amazing! :)
already following :)
a sober night but tomorrow is a different story!! :)
awesome !! my new hair!!!! :)
thank you :)
lolol i was eating my ice cream.. and going to do my homeworks soon. :d
lol thank yu i get hella clever :)
yez woooorrd lol :)
today's breakfast is honeydew melon and strawberries :) yummy
please follow back my bestie >>> :d
on a positive note i got the best son and i can't wait to spoil his lil butt allllllll day tomorrow!! :)
lmao! me and you gon fix that quickly =)
ok ill get thinking what to write :d
yea, thanks :)
i love that pishure :) <tenk u tenk u!
products from glamour doll eyes has arrived :d and there's something from 8ty8 beauty supply too! that was fast! :d
#newmusic twitter delivers again. check out the stuff on myspace 'love you down" track is ace :)
going to north carolina to see my family, you? :)
me too! i had to leave tho when they started playing baby got back. :)
ahaha my uncle does like justin now :d he said he makes good music and other :d yesss!
thanks for the #ff mentions. i really appreciate them :-)
=) lol! jk dont think im a dirty minded foo lol
it was a lucky guess! i can spot em within miles away! its a talent! :) lol
yes thanks :)
aw thanks love :)
well, good morning :)
thanks for the kind words! :) <3
no! i shall manage all by myself today! i will.. :)
when i see someone i trust like say: follow.. who can say no! :) some great things are up my friend, how bout you?
recommended tuh ayo beli :) cihui, jauh :p yang belum punya quiet down nya (cont)
evrybody who follow will get a shoutout! go go go :)
pleaseeeee follow me :) <3
thank you! :-)
good morning :)
working/slaving = synonymous; hence the reference... that being said, you might just call me "massa".... ow! :d
hi :)) i went to esch & brussels & will go to paris. it was a shame abt zagreb you went to padove tho' right? :)
foxtel :d
yeah. she is :)
my party is better then yours, bcus we got snoopdogg and x-zibit live on stage!! #imjustsaying :)
stuck in the moment, baby , kiss&tell, overboard, but i like them all :) lol you? <3
just chatting & you ? :)
signed :) hope you get to meet him :)
what? :d
it should be warming up over there at this time of year ... we've got marvelous weather here for easter :)
follow back pls? :)
its there! i promise! :)
uuggh sorry it wasnt to you .::d lmfaaao :d haha
followed! :)
whosss upp ? iwanna roast sumbody :d > roast sumbody? hahahaha
yaaay stargate universe is baaaack :d
good boo... i did ur laundry too btw :) lmao
lets hope ur dream comes true. atleast she's coming on twitter. its a start :)
what up miki! nice job on that wmc video :)
i missed you ever more-er :p :d <3
church in the morning, giants game in the afternoon, easter potluck back at church for dinner :)
good morning :)
rubbish innit!!! hope all's ok.. any probs with tomoz then i can at least do 2 shifts to get us all out for our food plans!!! :-) x
#jonasbrothers is trending! yay :d <3
it does :) x
suree :)
yeaahh :) #jonasbrothers xo
u did such a good job 2day honey bunch! really great chemistry w/ ... not easy thing 2 pull off! be proud! :-)
followed :)
amc .. its bout 2bee done in liek 15 minz .. & yeaa ihad fun :d
come in :) wat. now?
awww :) thnks
wernt on twitter yesterday had so much to do :)
now watching glee! <3
thanks for the #ff mentions. i really appreciate them :-)
thanks you adriana! i want a pro card for my bday is that too much to ask lol. thanks again and have a great day :)
wow. you're playing 5 hours per night! that's alot! :d
watching the kca's again :d .. justin is on in a bit :d <3
follow and you will get a shoutie tweet me when you have ? :)
q:did you dm justin to me ? ? tha... a:yes i did :) just, christian, seank, ad cody
buy me something nice from the cib shop :-)
can we get to 300 followers? who knows...spread the word people!! :d
you are a creative, that's what we do. :)
#peopleshould tweet me if they want shoutout. cause i'll help them reach their goals :)
oh good you got it :d
at death by chocolate :d
... people in glass closets shouldn't throw stones :)
peace shattered then ? :-)
the oc time. starting the third season :)
thanks :)
really tho..why am i such a bitch? im so disrespectful and i enjoy that shit :) -- girl cuz its fun! yee!
that was actually really gorgeous :) and you! never called last night hahaha.
sure followed =)
siap! ini baru aja ngadep tv soalnya :) please tweetreport persebaya vs persija..monggo
yeaa.ndd thanxx =)
they play korean dream? cool. :d
if we win today, i'll donate a tenner to freekicks! :)
hey, its miley. thankyou so much ,
-xoxo das hat sie geschrieben *biggest smile from the whole world* :d
#nowplaying lil wayne ft birdman leather so soft ! fck whatchu talkin bout ! ^_^
happy birthday ya wish you all the best :d
u up too :)
can i get two sugars in me tea an will you fry the bread? ( ahh this is the life....) :d
i was not impressed i have to say! very expensive for what you get imho... enjoy portugal :)
not yet.. only show case. but very nice though.. not as impressive as other w's. pics coming soon :)
now following the first person i have come across who shares my birthday! :d :d
hehehehe.. i just did! :)
#f1 sutil outdoes himself... pole pole pole :d :d :d
its fab! :d enjoy your meal, ruhani. sounds good. #enak #nomnomnom
agreed :d they rock mah undies!
okay :d give me a shoutout please?! :) my goal is 800!
don't forget today "the mix hour" w/ on from 4pm-5pm est. www.dtfradio.com.. let's go ! :)
