goodnight, don't let the bedbugs bite =)
i know baby barbz r watchin lmao.. i love u baby :)
haha yeh, i was! hi eunice :)
if you want a flirty dm from justin :)
thank youuu!!!! :d :d
the bump had hiccups this morning :)
i'm so fucking drunk if i txt u or call u please 4give me i'm fucked up. :) but i'm happy at the same time. love y'all
if you're 12, 13, 14, 15, 16. :)
ohmg!!! hahaha #dpfacts : ) this is a nice dp for how many seconds it's there ?
are you suffering another hangover ??? *hugs* if you are :-) xxx
it's time for some tennis!!! :-)
going to have breakfast soon hha :d <3
this if is following you?! :d he followed me ages ago. :l lol ox
you be safe out there my friend! :) lol out n about. campaigning in hollywood
titip sate buntel ! =) berangkat dr solo buat liat
its true! i missed u too much!! i'm fine! :d what r u doing?
thank everyone for 114 fans!!! you,guys are the best!! :)
good :) just a weirdd day for some reason! it would have been better if you had talked more.
pontianak tangerine..? please compare its scent with the soankit, another ponti's treasure.. :)
oh damn lol i had the worst hangover last week awful lmao. dont drink too much, have fun :)
please follow me :)
hehe, not at all! just think it is great that even when your holiday, we know what your up 2 ... your cool :)
do you know who he is :$?! omgggg, loooool he's famous in the uk. :)
brilliant! teach em young :) what do you think future wine mw in the making?
oatilicious how i love thee!!! :) *slides into kitchen to get more toast*
yes i go to a friend u ? :)
just watched the end of glee arghh cabt wait for the next series! :)
your welcome and thanks :)
happy birthdayyy tooo yuuu lol .. ! :)
i'm working on my new one shot, "just so you know" :)
i think you should all go follow more or less right now? ok, he follows back! :) help him get 2 11,000? pls? :)
naww thank u :)
oh my god!!! i've just seen you on emmerdale and screamed so much!! you're amazing! :) <3 love you xxx
facebook buy divvyshot, hopefully they're technicians will make facebook not shit :d
where are you@dispatch111 come feel me mustles dr. charile :)
click like thanks :)
i love my life...! good night tweeties : ) going to nap before work.
u've got to have a doctor check mr. tummy =) hope u'll have a good day dear!
and all that is good :)
who's upp with me!!!! hmu :)
if you want me to list you :)
awww heeey tina :) haha i'm great thankyouu for asking. hbu? <3
my fave philly building :)
quite fine...just enjoying my easter holidays! what about you? :-)
haha you're welcome :)
:) yes i know that feeling everytime i drool over a mac (and then go buy commodity hardware given my love for ubuntu :) )
a love how strong cheryls accent is on this :) aww she needs to come and stay in newcastle for a few month to get it back strong xx
if you followed justin bieber :)
come bkk, we can fing the way :) // ok p'
ugh. i guess that's what i get for being such a slob. :( at least they have $5 tickets! :)
there here :-)
off to get ready! flip-flop laterrrrr :d
hey, can u follow me back please? :)
yerp i spent quite a awhile on them tbh & you should get into it sophiekins! :)
passover fro! :p u just love my jew beard likewise brother! :)
hello people! :) x
happy easter everyone! =) who wanna bring me chocolate?
:)
'....you are the thunder and i'm the lighting,and i love the way you know who you are and to me it's exiting....' :)
good morning. no, as the weather is horrid, so we are going monday. today will be an arts and craft day. :)
had so much fun tonight with and crew! :) also had fun laughin at crazies!!
hugee shoutout for hugeee shoutout?? :)
np, you're welcome =)
haha yeah! it were a good day all in all tho :) and eeee only about 30 mins till i arrive in the big landan :d x
overboard :)
will do . i would have waited but i get a refund :)
if you want a flirty dm from justin :)
i am up way too early on a saturday! :) lol
will be here, i think :)
hmmm ohkie.! :d well look i ain't creative i even can't think of a username hahah!
.@onetnchick was the anti-rabies shot painful? :)
:) don't be "consistent," but be simply true. oliver wendell holmes
5 more lists till 460. :)
<-- follow now :)
formspring.me i’ll answer everything. :)
read woman :-)
heeey how are ya maar ? :)
ahh.. gotcha :d happy shopping!
youre welcome :)
morning im still lying in bed waiting on breakfast to be made. got ur tweets about the write stuff :) cheers. x
yeah :)
yeah, he's actually good as gold & very rarely grumpy much less of a handful than lily, our 3yr old :)
hi !! how are you ?? =)
this if is following you?! :d he followed me ages ago. :l lol ox
how are you this morning? :)
good morning, afternoon, evening, night :)
yeah, it's mean but funny! :d
we almost are! and the sea is a bit wild today :-)
take off, i'm off! :)
yeah, high altitude tends to do that. makes things a lot more interesting! :-)
about to do a treasure hunt where they filmed alice and wonderland... im about to fall down a rabbit hole! :)
thanks sheryl! three more to go! let's keep building the atmosphere! :)
yay i'm black! :d #power2myppl
thank you sir :)
the girls have gone out for a 10 mile bike ride, just as they set off a big black cloud has appeared... :d
awesome night in pizza for din, nexpresso coffee with marks & spencer biscuits for dessert & now relaxing watching the proposal :)
bought my ipod touch. 32gb :)
the next 5 people that will follow ---->>>> get listed 20 times yeah 20 times :) tell me if you did :)
just watched hackers. forgot how much i love that film!! was one of my favourites. :)
absolutely makes them realise what a patronising plonker they are :-)
