oke, sayang. dadah :) #cupcup
the easter bunny in 1 blog-post: #twitterart #140art happy easter 2 all of u :)
i have officially watched all 3 seasons of primeval. i'm in love. i can't wait for january. :)
those weren't guests, they were interlopers. they must be dealt with. :)
"to make something special you just have to believe its special" :)
happy easter everyone! :-)
soooo whatsss happening everyone? :)
please tell to follow me back :)
he's going to be a blast at your wedding@ :)
ok im really goin to sleep now lol yall distracting me from my beauty rest :)
time to find hot cross buns for breakfast. :)
oh dear lord it's 4am. just got back from best friend's ... we watched "a wee bit..." she's starting to really love craig! yay :)
ugh!!!!!! the boo def calmed my ass wayyyyyyyyy down *sigh* :-)
oh good. and i'm learning spanish :)
rep.hank johnson worries guam could “capsize” after marine buildup i gotta hunch he voted 4 health care reform also :)
u know i dont believe that, n if so, it wasnt my fault... i been tryin u since 7th grade :)
murh. anyways. can't wait for the challenge paradox to produce some good stuff. :d will see everyone in the morning
#infolimit kak limit!!!!! dong ya makasih :d
you bet :)
:d #leo woman will be the one to dominate and if u kiss her body dressed in leather, it will bring her the utmost pleasure
thank you :)
its true. it really is. with hope, you can accomplish anything.<<< so true... :)
good luck!! be prepared for weather delays on flight into lukla. oh that flight to lukla: exciting but a ickle bit scary! :)
if u come to indonesia with , i promise will buy ur album n justin album 20times,lol xd pls cme here! :d
see you can tell from that vantage point , now u beleive me :)
can't see links frm my phone but i will def check it out soon and use google reader from now on :)
shouldn't be up this early. only 5 hours sleep. :-p good night though als. :)
i won't tell them if you won't. :d
cutie :)
i was??? that means you guys have an excellent ear! :) hahaha
hahaha! ftsk fans love everyone! :) and i'm not much of a fan anymore! but there music is good! :) and nicks hot! ;) hahah!
hahaha he's cute! :)
no problem babe. :)
you can add me if you have facebook www.facebook.com/duruonver :)
i bet it smells good there....too bad you couldn't pass some of it along through the computer! i'm playing..and winning icoke :)
hello macao!! <3 will be staying at the venetian.. weeeeee!! :)
i wanna cut bangs with shoulder length hair yknow, :d
haha thanx and that without dog eyes :) easyjet.com :)
good morning :)
the #jonasbrothers are hope givers! :d
hold on :) that's yummy! but for a while i can't eat something sour :( :( rt: sour sally??
we finished the knuckle! :)
haha really? well i thought it was only fair :d since you do it everyday
kids are a geg. teaching cora the hokey-cokey this morning :-) good fun!
yeah you do have a long name. lol. :)
gotta get all my shit together :)
okay we will not pick 3 people but 5 people! hurry up guys :)
:d
new zealand :)
just read our tweets .. it's better than the show some days :) #redeye [i've done it, and it's awesome.]
hayo daftar the biggest loser asia ... :d masih terbilang ga gemuk dibanding yg 70kg :)) (cont)
as much as i dislike my gold digging fake tanned fake blonde anuty, it's really cute she cares about my health :)
just done a paper quilling craft :d
nope, i re-watched that forever! :)
we luv mimz! :-) &...s/o 2 my sister 4 comin 2 my show tonite!!! she's the besttt!!! **yes we do!! =)
goodnight :)
who's still up with meee ? [: ..tlk to mee :d
vote for us? please.... :)
:) thank you very much for your retweet
haha it was alright, but i think i'm gonna head off to bed so we'll talk tomorrow k? :)
ah that's nice hope you have fun pray for nice weather too :)
aeaeae, boa "noite" haha :d
i know! i haven't been there in many many years! :)
look, i have to get up, all stop being interesting/funny/lovely etc please till i get back. and good morning don't start! :)
hahah yaaa but add me lol i will explain the name later :) its bob micjiggles hahaha!
great :) any good plans for tonight?
who i am and the admnistration :)
of course i shall have sweet dreams now, i'ma #blamecanada for that :)
i voted for ian :d
it's terrible! don't do it max!! :)
cm krg nih :p this is the home made sushi by gweat taste! :d
aw, isn't this sweet? all generations come under one roof and loving the same kinda music. :)
pick up your phone! :d
you know, the margarita i had for dinner is making me nice...you get to be young and handsome for the day! :) enjoy!
hello sayang :) kakakku cantik ;)
lol well thanks for hitting on me :)
lol sorry to keep asking :/ i presume its a signing :) or a performance? x i'm exited tho!
yes lol :) what time is it there?
can u ask ur fans to nominate bri as well? in some cathegory that ur not in :) that would b lovely. we want her 2 win something :)
good morning twitterville and happiest of birthdays to my sweet sis :)
omgg sees me thankyou jasmine! follow me? :d
can you make your own zhu zhu pets deluxe giant hamster city playset? pets :)
when u follow back, follow mee :) x
i also like jbaby. :)
playing bejeweled blitz in facebook trying to beat score :) haha omg!
her guest bedroom mattress! : ) lol!
save trip. we will be thinking about you! :d give danyl loads and loads of hugs and enjoy! talk to you when you are back! x
boyfriends :) nd wee need too have a sleepovaa soon lol
good morning :)
my baby daddy is here :)
i wonder if is old enough to get into the dc divas party at ozios :)
your welcome :d
na i just read perezhilton.com :d
well, the visa interview was cancelled due to agent's mistake in sending document. will take another date soon. :)
thank you :) eh sorry caps lock :))
i love spending time with my babe... even if we are just hustlin on a quiet friday evening in my condo :)
#infolimit kak limit!!!!! dong ya makasih :d
because your spelling on here is h o r r i b l e :)
lovely weekend to all :) enjoy!!
lol yea i am .. but im strong :)
