he's currently working hard on his upcoming album, which will be out soon, hopefully tour dates will be ready by then :) #ac2010
haha sounds good loool, mmm i just had a bacon sandwich yum yum! :) :l have a safe flight! x
morning :) no headache *touch wood* so i thinks i am in need of a headphone day
hey :d . i ♥ the #jonasbrothers
i found an awesome pair of jeans at g-star raw but i never found out the price of them =\ and i want them :d
congratulations dear kevin! i am married!!!! sekali lafaz :) alhamdulillah
haha, yes! has 'bought' the same album as me, so yeah! haha, ooooh, muse's new album isn't bad actually :d
keep tweeting your favourite idol pictures to us! ^_^
a banner is going up ... behind the curtain :-) #twitpict
#nowplaying no air jordin sparks ft chris brown <3 still love that song :)
take time to tell those you love that you love them. tomorrow may be too late! peace :-)
thats what im talking about wooohoooo!!!rt :) i'm happy drunk.....
hmm ok good girl.. i m off.. gotta be up at 6.. :).. cya in a couple of days.. wont be tweeting till sunday .. :)
ohmg! haha : ) there you are! how cool, b4 i said it, u figured it all out!
dia mah blm rajin ngetweet ko :) temen2 (cont)
#oz chatting / you to gals are everywhere :-) "i've been everywhere"
have some bear shaped choc easter eggs for you :) where to send?!
i love the #jonasbrothers :d
he pays? hey, sounds like a good plan then! :d
what a beautiful day for a launch day :-)
good morning all my after hours tweeters :)
that wasn't a tweet, but direct message from harry :)
haha :) you ate me? how did i taste?
vad? :)
kay dming for and :)
thankyou darling :)
good job the f1 is on then! :)
if you're belieber and u want i follow u :)
i'll give you 3 new followers or more if you follow :) tell me if you did <3
thats me n_n my facebook is only for my family and people i love :)
thanks for the awesome #ff :)
aw thank you :) *hugs*
hati hatiiii eke udah dijalan.. doain :) hehe
to those of you who were asking why it was the best day ever. it was the best because i know i have the best fans in the world. : )
this insomnia thing is great for road trips at this hour :d
its fixable cuz my manz got it like that. we gon choke on a l or 3 n memory =)
3 hour nap for the big day! woohoo! :d
hahahahahah i would help u but am stuck in uk :d am goning bahamas on 3 july thank god out uk for while haha
that's good. :) 3 from tom & 1 from dougie! :d x
kakithz.tumblr.com :)
oh yea. we are like extremely awesome xd haha yes i am! :) nah you're not being rude.hence the speaking spanish and some it
well i guess that would help and i would be allowed to sync my iphone :-)
haha, i'm good :) lol
have you gone out in riyadh recently? try tahliah at ,,,, anytime :)
i know . i am putting it again. i found it :) coming in a minute!
it's very chic :)
ahahahah thanks :d happy easter to you!
you guys make coming home a blast :d
<<< don't move, your surrounded by armed bastards! <<< i love life on mars :)
oh oks i will :d oh yay! wooh! my spelling has been off lately haha
woooo! :-)
hahah yup mumbai does suck most of the time (i'm gonna get abuse for this); i am already ga-ga over dubai :) grew up here
are we following a day in the life of your feet? :-)
i followed you :)
everything went fine :d thanks! how are you?
im already following you :) i follow all my followers :) x
thanks :) but no extra for overtime work....
i just slept exactly 2 hours and i am so awake. going to bed at 6.30am and waking up at 8.30am was yet the best thing today :)
thanks for the heart on my papercut bookmark ^_^ i didn't know you were based in yorkshire?! : )
thanks :) i'm so having chocolate for breakfast tomorrow!
he's better when he's lucious varinous hahaha! :p i think it's about time to develop that avery character... he's cute too! yum! :d
your welcome :)
but it looks like a stretched out teddy bear! =)
in the car. an hour after i wanted but still half an hour early. massage definitely helped. so will delivery. :)
i love one perfume form hannah montana :d i smell like strawberry :d i want to buy them idc that they r for lil 'kids :d
i'll massive shoutout tthe next who follows : gooo! :)
#jonasbrothers are the best and fuck the rest... i'm crazy, yes. goodmorning! : )
would u mind to follow me back ? :)
i never let you go mr.estupid :d i never ket you go mr.incridible
naps are always good :)
shoutout to >>> <<< go go go & follow please!!??? :)
he wanna wke up to vv f baby :) . .
billy is sleeping on my body :) i love it <3 ta lueng uh??? oiii » lol not ta lueng naka :p
thanks for signing :) could you help spread the word
nice catch, dude! hope it works out! :)
tonight he shared his cherry chapstick with me :) <33 it was cute
i'll massive shoutout tthe next who follows : gooo! :)
thank you for the #shoutout! :)
morning everyone! how are you? lovley weather today, sun is shining :)
thats an option .. :) he he .. .well i did update a movie review on blog .. :)
:d :d alex, c'mooon. don't you dare to do that. xd it doesn't matter. *embarassed* xd & those covers suck big time. :o
i'm quite shocked and very pleased :)
your very welcome #ff happy easter :-)
haha cool :d nothing much. just that i'm searching vanessa and ashley icons when they were on stage since yesterday :d wbu?♥
if you loves to laugh :) [laugh makes us look younger than our age] lol
thank u...rt yahh ko bs?? getwellsoon baby abbey :( don't panic parents :) she will b olrite (cont)
i can now go to sleep, happy. :)
we about to get some coffee with :)
oh dear, whatever happened to michael's qualifying? webber of course, ran rings around every1 else! :)
hahaha. paq sepaissss!!! sooo r u excited for the summer!! i think it's like 120 til the concert :d
if you loves to laugh :) [laugh makes us look younger than our age] lol
this one rather dutch and dodgy gay bar, ew, but it was a nice informal introduction to our flatmates :) we'll get on just great!
glory saturday con voluntad de shopping :)
(hugs) just for you :)
how was it? :)
hey i love all you new followers! :) my music if you like it!
our team principle very delighted with lotus racing result today.. he is over the moon :)
to me :) haven't spoken to other gora extras
lmao suckkaaaa! boooyaahh :) i can go for days! lol
i like!! compiling bollywood qawwalis right from early days. ur inputs most appreciated :)
