you will find a lot more examples in tamil :d
your welcome. gotta get my day started. have a good one!! i will holla later! :) cool beans
at the movies talk to you after : )
still dry so far i am gonna be stuck inside watching the match with a few beers anyway :)
:) thank you always!
i don't know maybe in june too :) but i think it's summer i really don't know the date
thanks! :)
"sunshine... when you're with me i can fly' .. :d zullen we 's met z'n allen een liedje zingen op twitter..?
nah its near hindmarsh :)
if youre aussie so i can list you :)
being single is awesome! :d
best believe bitches! :) goes hard!
this is ... fuck you. :)
fantastic skiing weather! :)
good morning it is :)
happy birthday! hope you have a fantastic day honey! :) birthday bear hugsssssssssss xxx
wow. many person are voting, thanks :) justin bieber 3 and #jonasbrothers 17 !!! keep voting
thanks :)
google pagerank has been updated. one of my site is still at 5 even after two updates. another two has stepped up from 2 to 4 :)
if you ♥ justin's supra shoes . :)
looks like got a *few* wow cards :d
"blake carrington" death announced by tim willcox: oops! bit of a slip :)
well you know, it is ice cream pie season again. treats are in your future :)
something to look forward to then :)
thanks for posting it up!!!! : )
go on twittme.mobi.com lmfao you can read & send dms :)
oh yeaaah. :) thanks babe.
now roger dat..roger dat...where roger at...i heard roger rap...f*ck around nd neva get roger back!!!!! <-- weeezzyyy :)
just met danyl + got waves off both of jedward :d
come here and see yourself. you'd be the only straight guy as well so you might need rana w you :-)
just woke up oops need to get ready for town in an hour :)
you're welcome :d btw is justin following you?? x if not, i'll help you to get him to follow you x (;
yeah oki doke :d xx
we know our stuff :d hehee
also felt quite nostalgic this memorial year, as last time you were here with us! love you lots! :)
you mean an expensive geek.. mac products cost a fortune ! :)
thanks for the follow! i followed you back :d
cinema night 2 will be bigger and better :) how're you? didn't realise you weren't here today sorry!
yeah you are totally right :) tweeting is much better than school lol :)) btw do u have ym ??
if you want me to follow you :d
how are you miss gonzales? :d
a very big congratulations to tony and deb once again. wishing the both of you the very best! :) hope you guys ha...
yay i can get on to msn :d
hey! :)
watching sonny with a chance :d
i do what i can :d nothing beats passion, enthusiasm & optimism! love life & enjoy everything you do
#happybirthdayparisj :)
but when it comes out it's gonna be so good :)
my chick badd, she badder than yours :-)
it's okay :) whatsup?
thank you! i hope you feel amazing too! :-)
i really want to get 7 more followers. does anyone want to help? :)
thanks :d
heeey can u give me shoutieeee? :)
doing an egg hunt in the pouring rain so i really can't wait for desert fun! :) love loves xxx
1 more folllowerrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :d
me too! but not without a night cap! :) hehe
it's also leona lewis' birthday today! #happybirthdayparisj & #happybirthdayleona ! :)
peek-a-boo! nice new avatar! someone has been very creative (or bored). :-) have a nice weekend.
ohhyeah..i was kinda forced to step out of house yesterday n today..no more for nxt few days.. :)
#happybirthdayparisj :)
time to get ready for the hair salon. . .finally!! :-) same thing i'm sayin at this damn barber shop lol
been wondering whether to go to the midnight mass tonight, not religious usually, just love the atmosphere :)
try engineer :) good guns in there
i've gained u one just :) haha still another one to come :)
so you gon ignore my tweet...rude jus rude...lol how are ya? what's going on? how's kpa? italked to katisha a lil bit.. :)
as does everyone haha, im in the "real" jersey haha are you going to meet up with them on wednesday :) xx
can i get 19 followers? :)
thank you so muchoo for dming jordan! i love yahhh :d
#peopleshould tweet me :)
skin head :d
but those sweet intimate moments mean the world? :)
u first :d hey follow me ya
poor thing! still, we all have to work. i miss the pub game but then it was my pub. good to hear from you :) xx
welcome back. just got back too, also lance :)
yes me too! :)
it will be a homemade birthday cake :)
giggling, looking at aulia while she's playing with :) buruan punya anak gih yaaaang!
excited to see tomorrow i hope and everyone else i told :) me too!
cool i'll try and tune in but it depends if the wife is home by then or not! :)
:) i hope you're enjoying morning sickness as much as i did x'))
if you want me to follow you :d
help us get 2 more followers pleaseeee!!!!!!!!! :) <33 megann (l) x
you're far too well behaved lol :)
aww ... & so cool! hahaha hugs :d
swann song :)
of course you can come! as long as you renounce glee :)
tough to find good hindi songs that aren't. :) does not mean i am looking for one. ;-) am stuck in the #songloop in youtube.
best wishes for your last day of maurice. hope it goes stonkingly well :d
you know i did. won first place :)
yes i do :)
inded although to be fair it was more of a clip round the ear than a spanking but a win is a win and all that :)
thnk positive :d hehe. always keep the faith :d
if youre aussie so i can list you :)
true. :) it's not a bad thing really though, to be honest. sometimes it's really nice.
gut danke. guess :) you'll be proud of me..
thank you for all the nice messages :) i have 2 breaks at the top of my right humerus, cant use arm, on lots of pain meds in lots of pain
def "hyperspazzzzzy" :) ....love that btw! lol
dev is sending me his google freebie since he already has a droid! :-)
good morning followers and following! :)
