cooool! awh thats fun!!! i hope i'll go to your birthday :d will you put it on youtube :d
hi olly :) do you still have the teddy and fanmail i gave you in manchester? miss you loads :( hope your okay... much love xxx
dude, everyone knows i'm the biggest geek. no need to fight over that :)
awwh. thank you :) <3
csk excellent 246/5 just brilliant #ipl highest score in #ipl 2010. :) hope mi today does some thing like this
aww <3 welcomee, twinniee witch!! rawrr <3 i love you so much moreee!!<3 #mileyforever :)
that's so beautiful monique. :-) i'm really happy that you've found "the one." this is your happily ever after :-)
tough day for us today but it does make tomorrow rather interesting :-) massively looking forward to the challenge!!
dear unfollowers........you suck :) 'nuff said
please do me a favor and tweet something flirty to ;d thaank yoou :)
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away. :d
okay, i'm waiting :d <3 sure, followed ;)
sunday? happy easter sweetie :-) rb "@mizhelena g'sunday!" ♫
yes!i love manchester! :d
lol have funnn i'm going on bike ride. with hibby an kids lol ooo my bum gonna kill :-) x
omgoddess ... raspberry and white choc muffin ...your making me crazy ...aaahh lol :)
i am nobody's lady- i am in a glass box. hope that clears up alot for you nosy brats. :)
i'll be all day :)
guys when you #signnickisgroupcard please tweet it so other people can sign it too ! :)
the suns come out!.....and it's a homosexual :)
no problem :) awww, thankss! :)
is that so?why?tell me :)
happy birthday! heading to tudor's in your honor :) have an awesome day!
haa yay :d x
all is well...woosaahhh...we'll hit back :)
#mcelderrymemories will last a lifetime. :d
oh! haha thought it was chocolate. thinking how has she done that?? :d
tough day for us today but it does make tomorrow rather interesting :-) massively looking forward to the challenge!!
since dark flame release in june =) (sry stupid 140 characters lol)
thank you for the #ff :)
lexammm is online  nuaghty hot girl mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm you will see it :-)
superb goal by j. cole and chelsea taken lead :)
lmao!! u silly!! :d
#demilovato is the best rolemodel u culd ask 4! :)
thanks for the rt's :)
followed. :)
thanks for the rt! :)
thanks sweety, *blushing* :)
haha u r a guys. good answere tho : of course,his music.. :)
:) kitty looks weird, wearing my glasses.
chillllll i like it :-) im taking my twitcon down i dnt like it any more!!
...jumped on the jet to nyc three hours ahead of schedule. who's up pursuing dreams?? << i am! on my grind as usual :)
tweet charn! will ever notice me?! i love you guys :) #jedwardeaster
saynow ? :)
darrrn gonna run down to the pub. < 1-0 chelsea- j cole =)
wait. ur a girl? or a dude? man, she is a girl. what are u ? haha :)
you're not the only one :)
photoshoot checked, last easter shopping checked, now time to relax a bit while cooking :)
remember this? he deserves it! :) #501carrotsformal :)
thats coz of data processing :)
good good : ) atually great... enjoy weeken to fullest!
morning :)
ahahaha, i havee no ideea :) <3
just downloaded one- by cody simpson :d
i like the aussies!! i'll be supporting them! ricky ponting is a legend!! :-)
that's nice :)
well... it is. :d
thanks to all of you delightful people for #ff rt's and mentions. :)
maybe it was the last gasp of the recession playing itself out :)
:) no doutbt family!!! ur par's make me laugh and ur getting me more followers ;)
hiiiiii have an amazing easter :d xxxxxx #jedwardeaster
spring passion fossil pvj.. me still adore u, .. =)
good morning!! foggy here, too. it's sort of nice, once in a while. it reminds me i live by the ocean, in new england. yay! :)
happy #jedwardeaster got your autograph from the morgan hotel. you were awesome in the window. follow/tweet me please? :)
i see ur up gm :)
18 away from 1,700 :) you guys rock!
dear unfollowers........you suck :) 'nuff said
ummm remove batteries. tried & tested method...although kinda defeatist :)
hey babe :) i'm glad you liked it.. i'm about to go and watch it.. or maybe not.. lol
tough day for us today but it does make tomorrow rather interesting :-) massively looking forward to the challenge!!
could you follow me back? thanks =)
if you are proud to be a belieber :)
sergio rossi a new designer to my closet :) hope you're well today x
bagusnya poll!! very very recommended!! :d canon g11 bagus ga?
today i'll be watching temple of doom with lisa, it's her first time seeing it! she enjoyed the first, hope she likes this one :)
well sure it is not yours! :) but if i were u i would remove the project from portfolio because its a very bad work&not good design
your welcomme! :) <3
this if u want shoutouts!! :)
lo jg tauuuu manda mah iya, lah gue? you both always beautiful :d hikkkkk. kapan
your welcomme! :) <2
follow for all news about football :d
i wonder how history maker by is doing in the hit parade. if you haven't downloaded, go on, do it :)
cream? ginger wasn't at the feckin front :-) #bandswith3killerfrontmen
stop and go follow :d xxx
yea! lol. cool! im hanging out with one of my bffs from my band and work on stuff for my bday! we're coverng baby :d & ok :) -tay
i have dm justin for : & .. i will do everyone else in 2 mins :)
i'll be there for sure--wouldn't miss it! :-)
dear unfollowers........you suck :) 'nuff said
they're sooooo good :)
don't blame me. blame marvel for the fantastic four. : )
aww really? it's really windy here.. wow! hah :d
i am happy for you girls that you had such a great time with our favourite ladies of electrikred :-) xoxo
where are you flying to? btw, i got you a follower & a new fan. i'm proud of myself haha <3 :-) , x
thank you! :) we love newcastle x
gonna follow some tutorials for photoshop cs4 :d
haha tweet talking to my 10week wifee and tumblin :) && u? iloveutoo :)
hey, you! i can't wait either. :) nyc & #140conf in the spring? sounds wonderful to me!!
no local pricing yet. hopefully in the next week or so when we can pre-order. :)
ok :) my goal is 8.800 and urs? _d
i love yaaaaa :) #jedwardeaster
book reader? okay even though i hate reading imma download it right now :d
goood! :) ahh not much, you? <3
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away(:
hipstamatic. :)
that's a pretty good list right there! and original too, i didn't see bunjee jump anywhere!...i ttly want t do one tho :s :d
i'm at my great grampss :) u?
hello goodmorning evrybody! headed to work hope y'all have a great n blessed day today! & have fun & be safe! :-)
#jedwardeaster met you guys in sheffield. we made you the planetjedward banner & you said you would tweet us! :) x
andah follow back dong yayaya baik,, :) amiin.. :)rt pa (cont)
if you want me to follow you :)
if you want me to #promote you :)
chould be fixed, thanks :)
back home now :)
that is good :) yep people pass but everybody notice :d i found this
happy happy bday,dek :) makin oke ya! makin top! pokoknya wish u all the best,darling.. i miss you so much,jethro! stay happy ;)
one hot chocolate coming up! lol :d
179 too goo follow :d xx
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away. (:
haha im back xd funny but yeeea i straight my hair today :d
i like my twitter friends :) you guys are cool! x
good morning! :-)
photo booth is really fun! :-)
comprate i socoi. :d
thanks abhinav! shall find it.. :)
agreed :-)
really? thanks! (: but people always thought i'm a boy, actually i'm not ): ahaha i agree with that! lol :d
dear unfollowers........you suck :) 'nuff said
no problem! thanks for coming! :d
tonight i am editing my interview with family force 5 :d i know a lot of you have been waiting for it. video will be posted sunday!! retweet
im great thanks, wbu? :)
this if u want shoutouts!! :)
oh that's sounds nice :) no i don't have it :/ i have "ameblo" :))
welcome :)
"#isthataproblem if i ♥ to tweet until i win the apple #ipad from #123rf.com?""nope, i just want to know the rules before i tweet." :)
just ordered arena special and shoxx magazines. ^_^
not really :-) but i'm out shopping & i'm nackered!x
i feel so much better now :d
all in all, i am looking forward to today. should be very good no matter what happens. :)
lol, seriously? hahaha, ooooh polyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy :d youre cool :d
#happybirthdayleona :d makes me proud to be british
im great, thanks :)
gooodnight my precious! :)
5,300 :) if thats too much, then 5,290 :)
thanks for your rts! =)
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away. :d is brea liom duit!
ready to start the night. me and my brother and the cabernet sauvignon :)
haha, has me wanting to play stardoll :) imma go dress up my doll. i have heaps of stuff! find me; dirty_rock_diva
you have ability to get up into points easily! tough day for us today but it does make tomorrow rather interesting :-)
aww your default pic is so cute =)
thanks, juli! :)
come on keep following :)
follow >> now!! :)
haha, we get along heaps good :d
did i really just sleep til 8? and i can blow my nose again? but i can't see or hear...allergies. i'll deal! haha. :)
thanks for taking part mark! :)
chelsea is trending :)
this is for you apollo, my goodnight pic :) going to sleep now xoxo (cont)
happy ipad day...i called skylar at ups he is diverting your package to my house :-)
tough day for us today but it does make tomorrow rather interesting :-) massively looking forward to the challenge!!
follow & i will follow u!! :d
twas a wooonderful night :d and i remember it!!!
cut more of my hair off. steadily getting back to uber short :)
we have a great indie brewery here in toronto called steamwhistle. it's the old train turnaround station. awesome beer :d
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away. :ddd
dear unfollowers........you suck :) 'nuff said
haha, i already feel guilty about the amount of tweeting i'm doing, don't want to overdose people on roz :)
follow me back? :)
great wedding party, nice souvenir but its too big, i can't put it on my jacket :d &
aww bless ya ricky :) joe cole is a legend tho ;) #bluetillidie
aw thank you so much =)
who was there when he performed his solo at taiwan? :) #501carrotsformal
my goal right now is to see a punch on before the end of year eight :d pretty cool goal dont ya think!
i love friends!! fave tv show. completely happy right now :)
"could you learn to love such wide-awake living? could you joyfully taste heaven one exquisite morsel at a time...." ~leigh mcleroy // :)
it's getting there guys! 182 away from that lloyd tweet and more and better pics... :) x
ohhhh did u used to be itsbiebertime? :) i remember you now ! sorry i got u in trouble haha
thanks for the #ff. how have you been? :)
follow me or il throw a girrafe through your window :) x
yeah, think you're spot on love. i'm going out w/ kobe & skye. getting coffee. kobe going to go on dodgems fair. :-)
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away. :p
#jedwardeaster tweet me i got you trending :) xx
hehe, u know... :-)
i'm good thank you :) & awh, thanks!
dear unfollowers........you suck :) 'nuff said
if u want me to follow u back i will i don't lie :)
i have this fansite (@lovatologyid) and we're trying to make #indonesianeedsdemi trending tonight! :)
see u in birmingham on the tour in may! <-- and i'll see you both there 2 :)
im so happy you are in my followers you make my day!! i always tweet u but u never reply. now im so happy! :) #helpcancer
who want to be in my 4,500 tweet??? tell me now :d
ahhhhhh sooo tired..... working for a bit than trying to hoop!!! excited about tomorrow for a number of reasons :)
i hope you win that wireless lab lisa. : )
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away. :p
ooh okay ill try :d thank you vewy vewy much :d xx
you watching the game then hun? ;) hope man u get the win 2day we need it!! :) --- yess lol
all time highest total in ipl :) 246
one of my oldest friends is a new daddy :)
#ilybecause you love me :d /via
if one day you become one, just never forget this time line :) #next.president
awesome.. truth put forward brilliantly :) may i ask for ur permission to use dis one as my status msg ;)
