nice fish? do as little as possible is my suggestion : )
oo, i love pizza too :) i love italian food! aww, my brothers 9 too! whats your brothers name? :)
ipad home delivery day. i have never seen so many of my ichat buddies available at 7:30 am on a saturday before in my life. :)
hey ! :) haha
i saw the shake weight at target a couple days ago and it made me lol in the store to think about people using them. :d
sania defends shoaib as tussle with ayesha reaches court >>>>bharti nari apna karam nibhayegi :)
thanks! nice to hear you were in the chat. :)
ha! hi kelly. where did this come from? i haven't heard "voices of lee" in a long time. :-)
good morning ana may! one more minute, and my blog post will be up =)
gonna update blog in sometime :) motivational post hai,mujhe kisi ne kaha tha ke dilliwale hamesha 3rd post pe comment karte hain
doing ok thx :) and you?
please define "normal people" (in 2010 terms)! :)
love it :d
off to 4kay run in san antonio. i'll be the one in the pink shirt :)
i love how doesn't text me back rwude! haha 10 bucks says you won't remember what happened tomorrow! =)
next 5 people who follow will get a shoutout + dm sent to justin & christian <33 tweet me if you follow, gooo :)
q:why u like justin ? a:i dont like him i love him :d
alright stop! collaborate and follow !!! :d
#ff :) gleevatars!
is my cousin, i love her so much! you can follow her if you want guys :)
pastor greg laurie on his son's second birthday in heaven :)
follow > follow > follow > follow > follow > :) 1
amor, adc #msn julianaborges_1@hotmail.com :d
marv! chelsea are playing and you are tweeting? that is dedication to the fans. ;) aha, love you. :) xxx
#ilike :dd #neu und #toll :)
listed 20 times :) xx
ngayon ko lang napatunayan na pwedeng pwede kang pang comedy!! i really love sasa :d :)
loving my pwetty pwetty nails : )
ask me anything :)
if you wanna be listed in a bieber list :) ?
pls guys choose the best picture! it will be official photo for my new video! :)
i see trees of green and red roses too (actually i see loads of beautiful daffodils, love uk easter time :d and love to hair!x)
please follow :)
if you want me to list you. : )
thanks :d
awww thankyouu soo muuch :) haha btw; im mitchie. remember me?! ;d #mileyforever
i think it was said he had a slight knock and is not dropped! still, not how tv makes it out sometimes :)
ah so are you darling! :-) must do more supper things soon....
parents come today :)
i'll post her:) that would be really neat to see and hear you sound so proud :) < yep
i love this song. i still listen to it up to now :) #nowplaying "say what you want" texas
just added you =) ok, i finally did it, i'm on facebook. i'm so nervous (and excited). lol
#mileyforever this! let's get it trending :)
ought to hand it to shoaib and sania to prove the bollywood logic wrong. (hina, gadar, veer zara et al) :)
it works =) thanks for the rt!
ehrm israel kamakawiwo'ole :) i'm wearing my
flower top thing :) xxxxxxxxxx
good to see another one of us in wa :)
so excited for u! i'm dying for one & hoping the 3g will end up in my hands the day it comes out :) enjoy!!
what game :)
tonight "odyssey versus session" with dj bone & dj cello. shouts by mc drwe. come join us!!! :)
if you want me to list you. : )
mc-ing sweet 17 birthday party at preanger hotel with :d
nice! hope you enjoy your new machine! :)
thanks :)
come down :) i'll be performing 6pm...
thx for following me :) followed u <3
#detroit#michigan bebe 36ddd gorgeous face spanish west 28: hi guys i'm back, 248-660-2788 :-)
ahh they are a sweet :)
except getting it all setup in the first place :)
sounds beautiful :) hehe it's funny u get up and i go to sleep zzz
evlenme teklıfı :d
chatroulette founder now on twitter < welcome! :)
oh cool :) sorry my english isn't very well, but i try ma best that you understand me ;)
q:where u come from? a:germany :)
i am missing you too honey, we had to chagr our trip dates, but will be together in 2 weeks :-)
i've made $300 with the refer-a-friend program. just enough to buy all the ipad accessories. :-)
hmp, it seems as if all my followers are asleep .... getyalllazyassesupmufuckas!! =)
at 1st it'll hurt my feeling. but hey, we have to understand :) how does it feel when your boy call you with his ex's name?
ah ok..i'll take that back then :)
good morning everyone! : )
good. :d
i use firefox and it worked just find for me. btw, is that your voice? cool voice. :)
ha ha ha...everything is already done except real deployment. hung out w/vlad from wot who was one of the presenters in akihabara :)
u mean the mi? :) howdy!
added a blogroll to my blog sidebar :) you likey? will be adding more blogs on there sooon~
random shoutout to my twitter with and :) go follow
yeah, cool :) lmao
hate it when that happens...but....if it reminds ya of waste then find a next tune :)
i have already taken back my scolding :) i told he has to get tuned to play t20 & vijay has learnt so quickly & adapted, great!
can we have a special request? can someone check all the tt's in different areas? :) #501carrotsformal
aw, shucks *blushing* you left off yourself :) #bestwriters
:) jamie how are you ?i miss you... reply?! xx
hahahah.! yahh wohool.>! we can doo it .! we will make #mileyforever a tt :)
:d yeah. i got really carried away in the writing. it took me a while to do, but it was worth it for x
i notice all of you. from the biggest fans groups to the individual fan believing in a dream. i notice and appreciate all of u :)
jus got in ..had a bombass nite! bout to head bck out & do somethinnn :)
yeaah i am fine thankyou :) ... ps3 ftw xd not been on mine in few days :\ lol x
oh dear. death by chili would be most undignified so be careful! i'm growing chilies that look like willies this year :)
wana know why this easter is cooler than all other easters? because its #jedwardeaster ! :d :)
lmfao. she abuses me on formspring, then asks what they said when it was her, then she blocks me. fucking dickhead :)
i'm great, now :d how are you? <3
haha, yeah :d it's actually ice'cream water :d it melted :d
i'm looking to get something to go with already in my home office :)
bye,have fun :)
chibi maruko chan!!! perfect!!! thank you! now i'll need to find an instrumental version. you're a genius! :)
haha so many replies! i'll let you know which one i get :)
:d its good to see ur on lol
watching and triplet geniuses pick butler vs duke for championship & butler winning it all!!! they are really smart! :)
sabay na tayo sis 1,2,3 hehehe now palang me sleep night rich girl haha mwaks :) miss you much mamang koh love you:)
umm im just on here talking to people :) and u
you should run by an apple store and hurdle a few nerds waiting in line for their #ipad :)
just got it thanks :)
i hope this is ok! :)
we need 5 more followers :)
good morning people :)
<< shouts to :) -oo-
#infolimit limit! yang bacaaaa :d
hello! :-)
sent me to follow you :)
thanks for the #ff recommendations :)
shout outs to ma fav babii => thank yu :)
add him xd andd lol, unlucky indeed :( he was cute enough to message me to say sowri though :) xx
thankyouuu :) #infolimit is on limit guys! this tweet yaaaa harus ga mau tau!
but lucid lynx is going along fine :) , i want to take it out of vbox for a spin :d
morning :)
just been a good walk, planning bigger ones and enjoying life in general :) i am nit wearing leggings :)
if you've never spoken to me before, talk to me. :d i'm bored haha. so just anyone talk to me lol
hey guys :)
today "der exorzist" comes on tv :d ;)
bs menghubungi kita di 021-75900150 dgn sella, office hour :) kalo the flowers bisa order juga gak?
because is not good at inviting ppl places.. :)
he's on to us! :) don't look now.... i believe i'm being followed :p< you too?
please follow :)
thx for following me :) followed u <3
i'll pay for the onehd motorsports channel yesterday !! :)
going on snowzville, then wiglington and wenks. :)
'tis also cheerful in the "hinterlands" we hope :-) ~~ oh, we takes the hint in the hinterlands.
hiya, thanks for coming outside and meeting us in manchester, you were amazing at the tour. how are you? please reply :) x
bed now if you send me your email by tomorrow, you can still get the "stain" outtake =)
hey, ngetweet #indonesiawantsgaga cukup 1x di stiap tweet ya, klo byk2 gitu namanya spam :)
erm yes please =)
i'd go for comfortable over cutting edge any day :)
yay, well nice to have u back :-)
q:hey. what's your favorite colour? :d || deutsche soso. hey :p ... a:purplee :d heeey gut und dir?
followed(: please follow balik yaa :) thank youuu
morning sweetheart =)
really good actually :) how r u?
1 more then 580 follower :) help me :)
mwah! love you becky! :)
you're welcomeeee. thanks for mine <3 :-) , x
waiting in ipad line at 4:30 am = nuts indeed. :-) this about a third childhood for me. i hope i've got several more!
this game will occupy your for hours! snow is always fun! :d #fb
that's what someone probably said to that presenter chap! :-)
no it's not. :)
thank you :)
is it? fr me my home is my home :)
shoutout 4 shoutout? :d
i will dm justin if you follow :) gooo! :)
hello back at u :) im good thx ! what abt u ?
everyone follow ! ^^ they tweet about mbc music core and other kpop news! :d go go go!!!
thx for following me :) followed u <3
im like ffreeeaking oooooooout cause bieberxclusive followed mee :d haha
just put caaa, would be more than enough :d hendri, honey,err, do u want me to put your name to the list?
ah i love the canaries :)
omg i was thinkin that todaay :) <3
um im just talking to people :) and trying to build up my followers :)
what's the obv reason?, for me, it's subway, bk, kfc then the d's :)
i love this unfollower guy who dm's you when someone has unfollowed you, now i know who the bitches are =)
thanks jonathan, we've loved having you here, hope to see you back sometime :)
if u want me to follow u :) but u must follow me first ... i will follow i don't lie :)
morning beautiful! :-)
yw, have a nice day gurl! u can do it :)
it's me!! =)
udah ku add. di confirm ya thanks :d
can't do it a lot but for a few authors i'm up for it :)
okay, thankyou <3 :-) , x
lol are you joking, or? how are you? :)
going to watch teen mom now :) and later neu on viva to see never let you go :d ah yeah :)
you are in reversoland :)
hehe no he's not mine! he belongs to my friend :)
i agree ,i mean the i pad is an i phone for old people who cant read the writing on the i phone coz its to small :)
#alwayskeepthefaith :) <33
thanks for the :)
thx for following me :) followed u <3
nerd. tell me how it is. :)
go and follow noowww!!!!!!!!!:) , i will give you a shoutout if you do! :)
good, good :d what's up? :)
exams can be stressful :( i feel for ya, i cannot study for peanuts too old for that crap! :)
got no easter eggs which is sorta shitty bt it's grand :-) wat about u?
refollow me please =) <3
this is really interesting :)
hanging ten :) #animals #bears
want to chat about mw2 or cod: waw. come check out our forums. we don't bite, honest! :)
doing great :)
top o' the mornin' to ye, joe! :d .. i've been off the twitter grid for a while, mostly concentrating on fb.. but returning. :)
lovely :)
duh, of course :d followed ;p sorry, i get a lot of mentions.. followed ;)
go with me! :d
i am re-adding people as i interact/come across them :)
hej guys! i just woke up and im heading to the city to make some pics for ireport weekly assignment past meets present ! :)
ya it gives ita nice kick :)
listening to paul mccartney all the best :-)
#mileyforever this! let's get it trending :)
in line since 7. as long as they have 5, i should be good. it will most definetly be a write-off :)
goodmorning. =)
20 more till goal! shoutouts for shoutouts please!? you'll get 5 shouties!!! :d at 700, were helping someone get their goal! -tay
glad to hear it! :-) nope, tweetdeck for ipad is totally free. some incorrect reporting from some blogs i'm afraid
