no, sadly. i can't run that fast. or at all. :-)
gorgeous pink sunrise this morning! record high yesterday, most likely record temps again today- loving it! :)
had a play with the htc desire in carphone warehouse, it's a very nice phone :)
i'm excited for wednesday. i will be hosting a couchsurfer from the us for two nights. and guess what? he's a talkshow host from la! :)
up early... why? mmmm... coffee. :-)
me and jip are still arguing over who loves each other more :)
i ♥ boiiiiiis :)
will now go to the church and hear mass. easter vigil. happy easter everyone! :)
i told you! disney fans own twitter! #jonasbrothers :d we could even make #mileycyrus #demilovato #selenagomez a tt! in your face :dddd
remember us in the research plan :)
my easter egg for you :-)
who's going to lloyd's gig in dublin? :) x
followed :)
at work, so unlikely but thanks! you too! :d
not yet :)
bless. happy birthday in case i forget tomorrow. :)
this is the 1st time i've done this. i don't even do black friday. the oldest is a great sport for getting up w/ me 5. :)
you're welcome :)
help with what?? :-)
i am 16, i am running this twitter for a week. the owner of this site is 15. how old are you? :)
thats lovely! :-)
already watched it on the big screen, was eagerly awaiting the blu ray release :)
yak betul sekali hihi limit tadi pagi ngetweet trs ya kak? :d
most welcome =) fσllσω ►@tashamiel ~ty4 & updates
and we need to make something magic u and me :)
anytime <3 thanks again =)
yes we can wear the same dress :) no problem .. this is not the oscars ;) lol squeeee lets get married :-)
i love the #depict app :) it's pictionary whenever i want it .. brilliant!
had a great time at ferry corsten tonight :)
thank you to miss & missus for keeping up w/ my bali questions & holiday neurosis :)
you are just soo cute! i love you zoe ♥ :) (@teamcyrus live on
chili crab for our pretty :d
don't worry according to w/pedia, nandos operates in 26 countries. sure you'll encounter it again on your travels :)
yess please babe, and yeah i will im getting you 150 signutres then im jumping in bath then i'll ringg yahh :d xxx
dear the ranch, you are sliiiippping. either way, fun night with jess and bee :)
guys if i follow ya please don't send me spam dms bahaha cuz i hate spam dms bahah :d
too baton rougeeeeeeeee :d !! but i'm in texas rightt now lol ; gottaa layover
gonna go get in the jet bath :) oh its amazing lol
the trees are budding. toronto will be lookin' real swell, really soon. now off to watch chelsea v manu :-)
heymommaa!ty!howub...blol!?:-)) #ff where u be at? <<wassup gurrrl! :d follow all my ppls!!
ahhhh, you lucky chick!!! :)
2 great answers :) thanku, so glad we have connected :) #psychology
staceyy! met you at the meet and greet in dublin on wednesday! hope you liked my fan letter! :) :)
let me line up victims whose souls i can take first :d
at least i know i'm sad. you don't yet know you're dull! lol. i love you. :)
if you want me to follow you. (must be following me) :)
cool :)
wow so it's actually real! 3d gone mad! :)
so there is no logo on the actual hardware? thx for the fast reply. :)
oh ok thas whas up . . gotta name one of the teddys selfmadesii =)
cool! :) (youtube
well then spread the word because i'm tempted to buy them all and sell them myself :-)
haters always hate on something they can't have. remember that :)
oh ok! :) aww. i have to go now ashleigh! idk.. :/
because it has no meaning. dude i'm gone. catch me on my cell :)
is the mag out yet? getting there? cannot wait :)
hiii guys im here now!! : )
dun kno the retweet lol :)
ha! twitter's a lonely place at 4am. you need more friends in the uk...6 hours later there. :)
that's because we're getting closer to #1 :-)
eaten too much again. gunna start emptying my room :)
it's a shame for a business person who not believe in business ethics. at least that what my professor told me :) #etikabisnis
not sure. a lot of them are jonas fans lol. & awww thanks :) x
i haven't finished the one i started already.. my followers dont listen to me.. lol.. sorry, may be later though :)
sure. what's your goal? :)
appreciate you! have a nice day, hope you have a window near by. :-)
thankss imma list you now :) x
i won't i mean i dont & i am so much envy those who sleep at nite & wke them up since i can't sleep :)
i listed ya. :)
i'm reading the names of all my new followers. nice names :) then i'm going to put them on my new fan list. fun, fun, fun!
thank you dudee! i like yours too :) x
that is awesome. you guys rock. go get that ipad. =)
have fun! take lots of pictures. :)
it is :) you should try it!!
gung ho :) but if i rem correctly u said u were wid ht, don mind i have a super weak memory :p
ahaha yeah exactly ;) therefore chelsea will win :)
its made by & thx =)
heath ledger :) do u know anyone famous from perth? ? anyone else ?
yay food ^_^
good too :) where r you from ?
awww congratulations :)
thank you for the #ff :) cheers!
i like that you noticed tho. thanks :) x
i'm following! u like beautiful in his pic :)
yeahhh :) x
a couple :) i want to hear yours though
um.. well i will check that :d lol she needs a shoutout ! oh nice lol! did get followers? lol
so sweet! one of my buyers just featured my garland on her blog...how's that for feedback!? :)
thank you for the #ff :)
i bet that everyone in that line looks at their best too :)
hey, long time... :)
:) onetvxqforums to all the other fanclubs that are supporting us~ thank you. #alwayskeepthefaith
yeeea but its on youtube wait :d
man u will be humiliated today ^_^
extremely cute :)
oh no it's okay hun,it's happens to me too no need to say sorry :) <3
thanks a lot for that kind mention, and yes happy april fools! =)
cheers :) #followfriday
four traffic patterns today to practice aero-tow and landing.... had to compensate for the bad landing 10 days ago :-)
you go at school? or not? just wondering hah :)
loll awwh why soon ? :)
awsome :) im happy to hear that. and im from germany, you?
hello sassa :) i watched your movie. one word: love!! xx
all the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today rt: today is a new day, why not plant some seeds? good morning :)
thank you too! i hope so :)
you go whistle tire :)
was really trying to get up to this mate. hope the weather holds out for all :)
hey can i ask you something? :)
much love to ... and happy easter y'all :)
justin beiber sucks cock <--- get a life bitch :)
who eats grits with blk pepper? smh not mzfresh i'll pass n stick to sugar :)
followed :d
downtown trondheim. nydelig vær. liker byen! :) #twitpict
if you want me to follow you. (must be following me) :)
thx for replying my question mica! ^_^
how are you, joe? :) ooc; where's sabrina going?
what's up world bar?? this tea pot is tasty :)
no ; hahaha. you're wrong :)
in miami :) waiting for the group ride to show ;)
dindiiii,sorry i didn't reply your tweet earlier. nomer hape kan ya? i'mma send you a dm kay :d
"business legal security: 50 point checklist" ...rt appreciated :)
welcome yep :d
hey buddy,no worries.we will assist him shortly.have a great weekend : )
hii :) do u know what time united are playing at today?? xx
just saw your "replace conditional inside fold with filter" refactoring, i added it to my list :-)
hats/toques off! going through the esquire article. =)
yeah but early bookings, save some moolah. looks like our next adventure is to jamaica! :d
i feel quite summery today with what i'm wearing :)
muhahaha yeah shes truly awsome :) rawwwr #mileyforever
thankyou :) x
well i try to use 'tame' language when i tweet :) see u at the gate
wow very interesting!! muchas gracias =) thanks for quit this doubt =)
thx bgt ya buat sekian bnyk #llf lovers yg :)
12 new followers this morning :d thanks everyoneee.
guh have to pack the car sbout to leave yay :) bt soo tierd onli got 2hrs of sleep
i'll do it next week when i've added some more features and it's ready for a commit :)
:o thats so cool! ahah :)
if you want me to follow you :)
canon or sony :d
i wishhhhhhhhh :) i would faint i guess hahaha...
for those who don't understand the profound, profane works :)
my name is vivi :d (@teamcyrus live on
today's the day! have a *wonderful* time in london & wherever else your travels take you. be amazing as always. <3 you! :)
just read the lorne one shot. absolutely beautiful. i cried a lot!! :d
:d yay, but i'm normal now :p :d nothing much, you? :) i don't know :d but now i'm normal :p
of land law: britain has been overpopulated since the 13th century. :)
manchester #united gonna win 2day :)
well of coursee we are miss finster :) x
oh wow, thats very cool! i love going to ballgames. i haven't been in a few yrs now. thats uber awesome! :d
hey guys go follow now !! or chuck norris will kick you r ass :d lol peace
need more followers plz help me out guys :d
gm & have a great wknd! ps: forgot cassidy's link :-) such a sweet kitty!
new pocket creatures beta build out! our testers really have some wonderfully strange ideas i like it! good work guys! keep 'em coming! :)
hahhahahhahaaa, you're mean! i like you! :-)
lol .. i know !! who am i to talk about trouble ?? ;o aaaaahhh shoot let's do it :d i want that cake
iya.. :) kbanyakan bgitu ya... : orang baik pulang duluan.. :)
waaay better :) and now im gonna list u
but thank you for the detailed recap :) that's the right thing to do today.
run out of battery -__- bye! :) keep following and mentioning!
please try to get me a video message from any of them like you said you would :d good luck meeting olly!!
bean balls .. or balls without the beans » i want akara cc: :d
aye. so, the maps are worth it then? that's good to hear :)
sure, if you want :d
hi, you're in michigan? i grew up in detroit. :)
high tops :d
hey all! new pieces at our shop will be updated at our facebook fan page later, so join us there! the link will be here later :)
chelsea! chelsea! chelsea! chelsea! chelsea! chelsea! chelsea! chelsea! • a friend with flaws,is still my friend :)
check yr messages people. i hope yr all up for it :)
my mom prefers calling shia labeouf "sam." :)) she find it hard saying his name. might help her. :d
list arent impostant for me :d i would be happierr if you could get me 4 new followers then i reached my goal :d
paul mckenna's going to make me thin! :) anyone else? live weight loss event.
baha okay what's ur goal? :)
if you want me to follow you. (must be following me) :)
found the equivalent of linking road (in mumbai) in melbourne but for clothes + shoes: bridge road in richmond. yay me :)
i think i will have lunch now, i'm hungry :)
my dad got me 'the vanishing face of gaia' (book) for my birthday. should be interesting. and some vouchers to go bowling :)
it's was ok tnx :d it's at a burger van in a camping field :l i mainly do tea/coffee, take money, help the chef, pretty easy :)
they said way back in may 2008 that their cameras had capability of 3d images :-)
how's the weather in england ? :d (@teamcyrus live on
sweet i'll follow that then :)
good afternoon.. i am off shopping with the best friend :d ..
please follow :)
last but not least, javafinger :)
i follow her :)
thanks susie! you have a wonderful easter, too :)
can someone tell me whats happening to #csk .. unbelievable :) #ipl
doubt it :-) am thinking of a couple of dd guys who don't take nonsense kindly
reading susan bordo. she's great :)
i just seen my wayne. :d
yeahh :d
left or right but there is absolute no crap on the front page. the english is just awesome :)
oh why thankyou, that was so nice :)
loool, oops. ;p yeah, i'm alright thanks. :)
:) sorry i didn't reply sooner! i went to bed because i have an early flight today :)
i'm trying to check how many photos i have, not so much, but i do hope to find more. :) #501carrotsformal
i smell like weed and for the first time ever it was worth it! great freeway show and when and mob figaz came out... bananas! =)
if you love mcfly please follow :) <3
can you hack? :d
#nodisrespectbut you should know i'm #nowplaying the new game of #123rf.com to win my #ipad! n, read before u play! :)
on my way to camerons :) the junkie phlat
