it's a good complaint though. :)
wow! thanks :) #ff very inspiring chic,her words can move mountains i tell you.
thankyou so much, we hope you can come back another day when it is a bit warmer, we would love to have you back again :d
rememberrr next week yush :)
i agree : ) was just throwing this together too, because i see potential for use as a tchr+lit coach
blimey, #adamandliza has pushed me through the 7000-tweet barrier. ouch :)
#nowplaying the hoedown throwdown :)
and they'll never take that away from you. :)
won a pcaket of biccies :-)
please follow cheeky and kayla at they follow all back too :)
i haven't got around to sorting eye shadows just yet.. i haven't forgotten you :)
yap. been in that jam before :) lol. others, public transport aja
sat shouts #blink182 :)
follow ---> help her till 1.620 followers! :d
get well soon monzaa :d headache :(
;) thank you i'll shall pass them on to dear old x.p :-)
#demilovato has the cutest laugh ever :d
i notice all of you. from the biggest fans groups to the individual fan believing in a dream. i notice and appreciate all of u :)
what a lazy day. :)
i've just joined clickbank pirate, this site is awesome :-)
please :) who'll help me get a follow from
aww, lol thanks :) twitcon is adorable
i will dailybooth later :d
kampus lemot pindah cangkir mumpung masih sepi. sedooooottt.. :d
i thought we get an extra hour :)
okay okay np:) haha visit my blog ya :)
:)
everyone ! go and add the best ! --> :) ƹ̵̡ӝ̵̨̄ʒ ♥
just followed ----> :)
follow back please :) thanks
new bg! credit to <-- go follow them! :d <3
ran out of battery due to poor signal. thank goodness for :)
7-11 blok m, anywhere di kemang, anywhere outside circle-k :d
ive only joined twitter on 5 february 2010 and i already have over a 1,000 followers and love every singel one :) xxxx
yeah go on then :)
hey if you can follow this link. new rehearsal studio for bands in irvine, ayrshire. check it out :)
thanks! :-)
thanks :) so is yours :d
follow back! please? =)
ask summit :) ask whatevz :)
aww that sounds nice :) urmm just gonna go out for breakfast then go home, do some work and see family later :)
woop woop can't wait sexy beach shots n skinny dippin in the sun hehe x x x not long to go :) x x x
can't tell here, but am sure u can guess... don't write here ya :)
omg are you serious?! no, i just wanted to see your reaction. :d
those are some heavy bands yo :) thanks for including us panziees in that group lol
i followed yur tumblr . :d lol
12away from 1700, shoutie 4 shouite? :)
pillow talk :-)
terrific twitter friends! ty for the rts & mentions :)
i'm out all :) bye! ily
we are in a cool building! haha :d
yes you should! :)
yep, you can find my ugly mug frequently hoping about the northern subs of melbourne lol :)
which ones you? :)
thank you :) i'll miss you too xx
it is if you sugar it up a bit, if it tastes too sweet then it's doing it's job :)
eating a tuna & bacon salad with lashings of madras spicy mint i can confirm that spicy sauce is a spicy sauce :d
me tooo :) but i duno what /: its dead! ha x
i will do later :d
helloooo yes having a fab time, mexican last night with frozen margaritas :) momma t says hi and she loves your blog! xx
i've mentioned #jonasbrothers around 500 times. so you can see i've always tried to trend it x) and it has for 2 times woooh :d
between the sun and moon :) rush ♫
i am quite time conscious and rule bound :d
ty 4 the mentions :-)
miley fans, you have to follow because she is a great miley supoter :)
i have a gaga and steven gerrard wall :d its the sexiest wall ever.
i woke up this morning, and came on twitter duh? and seen #jonasbrothers a tt i was soo happy! :)
..jv again.. =)
not too much, tidy up,make potato salad, boil eggs, make a birthday cake, write. that's about it :)
:d mum just rang and asked what macdonalds i wanted yippe , tbh ive lost count how many maccy d's ive had this week o_o
that's v. interesting. let me think about it. the general in the movie was misogynic for sure :)
refollow me please? :)
if it spits chocolate chips then bring it fucking on :d
tenang. :)
same. loved the way they casted camera as the main lead :)
if justin bieber is following you :)
i'm good, hbu? :d
why thank you kind sir! i tip my virtual hat to you! :)
going off! --> first to friends then volleyball and then b'day! :) see you tomorrow :)
right moment + right place + right person = perfect :)
i have now fixed the motorised bicycle. :)
watching kung fu panda. nice way to spend the afternoon. :)
oops, obviously i meant in :)
love this image from chanel spring 2010 collection :)
really sorry to all 'normal' followers about the hashtag game which must be tedious for you but i am on fire today :)
follow : now!, and i will give you a shoutout!!! :) <3333
too cold :) looking for on the tv. dude, r10000.00 if you streak accross the field.
i just hope the real winner is the game of football :)
oh yes it is :)
entah -__-" on on on 'or' up up up! :d o.o ...what? where are you anywayy?
good morning :)
oh man. that sucks. buy more easter eggs to cheer you up a bit. plus a great bottle of wine. wine + chocolate = :)
haha, don't be sorry! it was interesting trying to translate all the updates! :-) did you see my infinite space review on cubed3?
morning #teammonica and twitter-ville :)
yay! is here :d well, on msn and faaar across the world
maybe i can lose weight this way! :)
omj! omj! omj! guess what?!?!?!? my babycakes t shirt came and my babycakes braclet! eepp! :d i twitpiced it! <3
koi sharam nahin aati since i get to hear it so often. :-)
hey jemma i off to bed i'll sleep a bit!! kisess and hungs =) tweet later!
i think doing that would send the poor blighter running for the hills! lol but darn i wish he would, as he seems like fun! :-)
not too different from the old #redskins running backs :)
thank you 4 rt/mentions :) #ff
if you wanna be listed in a bieber list :) ?
actually today is my first day at my new work ..and i ve been away cuz if that conf. i ve been working on :)
i'm chiko from indonesia nice to meet you zahra.. :)
i'm just tweeting, and chatting with my friends on facebook. thanks, love yours too :d
i notice all of you. from the biggest fans groups to the individual fan believing in a dream. i notice and appreciate all of u :)
speaking engagement in may + me in catalogue pose :)
take ur friend aspirin with u :d
hehe, yay! glad he got there safe and sound! :d
if you wanna be listed in a bieber list :) ?
..follow back!!! :d thanks...
ohai youtube. i made a new video :) please do watch! retweet if you want :d
i'll do mabest for nathin less.. (ahh nyanyi deui euuuuu) hayamz cepet beres! :) (cont)
ipad home delivery day. i have never seen so many of my ichat buddies available at 7:30 am on a saturday before in my life. :)
is getting spammed with insults. this is hilarious. lmaoo :)
thanks and it will be in the end. i think i will make an inspiration board tomorrow with all that i'm working for on it :)
that would be amazing. i really think google should have a presence... :)
okay, great. :) where are u from?
cool! i am (hopefully) going to have a book in the ipad's bookstore when it launches. :)
they have a very sweet nature as well as being ever so cute kittehs :)
thank you.. :d kita update terus, sering2 pantengin ya? :)
simple aja : gw cuma mau chelsea menang :)
happy to have twitter at a rainy bus stop! :)
#alwayskeepthefaith he might just testing you. :)
yes :)
erykah is and always has been a beast!!! love that woman! : )
cool wall :)
strategy was actually a post of mine more than a link :)
polina follow me back right now!!! :)
always keep the faith :) #alwayskeepthefaith
go on, press the wrong button at totally a bad time, dares you! :)
thanks you michael. :)
yes, it was called a toyota :)
if you wanna be listed in a bieber list :) ?
up, up and at em ... teachin in long island today.. happy saturday :)
oooh thank you. i didn't want to assume! :)
thanks for the #ff yesterday :)
protothreads almost made me fall in love with c :)
love that, that william hill advert had a green and gold scarf in it :) #luhg
aww hope u had a great dinner :) i just had my dinner too lol oh btw do u know stanza for iphone?
thanks :)
hmm curious stuff you found :)
followed :d
ohh i wanna know :d if it features me! :) i hope i dont get random tweets either haha
babez u rooock =) love you to death
both :)
marmite on ricecrackers :-)
i love how has tweeted alot today! we love you harry :d xx
i love that song :)
good morning! happy easter eve! :)
i am so good :) so what's up?
q:hi :)where are u from ?can u pleas follow me ? a:germany. im already following :)
lol really?..i was on your fb this morning lol, my bb is still in repairs, my trackball just gave in lol, im gd :-) hows work?
you're referring to yes, they will see me :)
#happybirthday paris get it trending :d
okay thanku :) where you from? xxx
i already paid the full price you posted and know you deserve it. it'll be worth it once everything is sorted :)
refollow me please? :)
yw! thanks for the #ff mentions. much appreciated! :)
thank you for all the support!! i cant wait to meet you one day! i love you! haha; omg :d
this kid kicks ass! :)
i followed you bak :) thanks for following me!
thank you. :)
ur welcomme! :) <3
just checked, this year & next r same but 2012 will be on the 15th :)
thought i had to do some washing today so i could wash my jumper im wearing tonight...then i see it already washed. im so organised :d
hello! pass all the books u won't read to me :)
it is afternoon lol :)
i can't i'm on phone bitch :)
becuase am putting the singing on hold for the now love :) been in talks with clothing line people :d!
what about ? :) the chowder ? :d the blog ? :)) bit confused !
fog means we are warming up, don't knock it. :-)
thx oik... :) ini link captureit
makasi yaa.. dru seneng bgt main air teroosss! :d
get me 9 more followers . when you do dm me saying that u got it :) ill get u the same amount of followers tmmr morning :) i bieber promise!
nem wifi, gps :)
had a great day with and ! and enjoyed muchly :d
thala vijay in awesome form.....kalakkal match this..!!!! much happiness!!! :d :d
how to train a dragon with rau and malee :d (@ the mall cinema)
really eww that sucks god bless jade :) i know how it feels... did you go to your doctor?
he's still super duper cute :)
morning #teammonica and twitter-ville :)
you are the 2nd person to tell me, but my birthday is not until august. i will have to figure this out. thanks though :)
hahah it really does :d
your background reminds me of an m c escher painting. :)
just listened to debut album "split the atom" preview on 3voor12: awesome! =) more! more! more! noisia!
i've got confirmation that me live at leeds ticket has been sent out :d
good grief... you really are living life on the edge.... an irresistible offer! :-)
yuhuu haha hahahaa im online :) hayy:d
i love this :) <---- people check it out also #united wil in today lol
happy easter weekend :-)
so i'm dressed like i'm about to go to the beach, so what? :)
the next person to follow will be listed 5 times! go go gooo! :)
hey pinks. yep told her :) sana you came also!
yay for goodness :d urm im cool tah :p wubu2? busy cattzy? :)
is awake & ready for the match :)
ok ya basha :) promise to teach me some egyptian kitcsh phrases ... pwwweeeeaaassseee 2eshta ;) :d
yeh i didnt either theyre just tweeting some peoplee :s i will and hope sooo :) xxx
aww! i'm sure you'll get there some day :)
