man, i love this song!! :d
is it true that you guys will come to jakarta this july? please say yes! i'm dying to see hellogoodbye here :)
heyaarr twiiterpeepss!! our release brrrap is cuttinfresh in beatport dubstep charts.. love n support would be great on original mix :)
wow thank you =)
thanks, babe and you :) xxx
omg awesome was it fun? i went to the philippines :)
thank you you follow me <3 :)
belieber should be #1 on tt :)
omg only 6 more till 700 shoutouts please? :)
-_______-" yes daddy .. :| just prove it in mind then not words :d i know i (cont)
good morning ^_^ hope ya all great ^^ check out my new pics on myspace
i need a shoutout please :) and 18 pranks.
:) los angeles lakers sign forward kobe bryant to three-year contract extension
total shut down last night #tweetdeck #twitter had to dm on fon then that #twatted by #gchq xq) #spooks :)
full audio preview of split the atom here pls for your buddies :)
it's cool :) how old are you?
p.s. nu ştiu dacă v-am anunţat, dar este accesibil şi pe mobil prin mobilepress :)
ohh:( haha. its okay, thanks anyways. whatt? lol :d
if u wanted to be followed back :d x
yay :) haha, ohhh whats happening tomorrow? :p
yg belieber indo rt! im gonna list you :)
lmfao! well i'm tried tweet ya laters my dashing little monster :)
good morning :d
man i alwayz miss ur tweets:( twitter is crap on lg!realy cracks me up!! xxx <aww! :d too sweet! xo
you've made her blush and go all girly :) here she is, recovering from a night out, she's all fur!
thanks, how are you today, buck? :) xxx
finaaaally...fenito for today! everything is officially set up for tonight's after midnight mass easter feast. getting ready for church. :d
thanks for pointing out that mike scott of the waterboys is on twitter as :-)
plz follow--->@bieberuniversal and tell them i sent you :) i'll dm or another celeb :)
laughing my ass off.. ;d besser als lol. :d
it was a great night, hope you're better soon. :-)
yeah of course i do :)
12.40 in the afternooon here :)
thanks for the shoutout! :) <3
no, but i like that you are my friend :)
no4 is causing some trouble, i'll be giving out some hints soon :)
haha i'm ready to curl into a ball and sing folks songs that potent! :)
follow b'coz aswell as being an amazing guy, when he gets 18,500 followers is going to tweet<3! :d :d :d
good idea :) i wish i had more time... perhaps suggesting / partnering with an existing place..finding a cozy corner in soho!
well if they were, i'm sure they would win! :-)
lets spam # jonasbrothers to take off it from tt list! :d
lion king and ice age two movies that are better in norwegian :)
now thats impressive!! what level was that on? ima try to beat it :)
followed ya , thanks :) okee udh di follow kak, fullback yaa :d
if u wanted to be followed back :d x
lol! the match hasnt started yet! its just my thoughts on the score! :)
all please follow and get to 10.000 ! he will go on tinychat if he can get 10.000 :) so followww now!!!!
where were you watching sister sister online?<yup i was :)
thx & #ff ... #blink182 :)
probably he mentioned the 'default' #twitter page.surely & others have 'reply all' :)
yay! followed me :)
yg belieber indo rt! im gonna list you :)
if you follow and tell me i'll give you 3 huge solo shoutouts! go go go ! :)
can someone get me 770 followers :d thanks ! i'll do a shoutout for those who gained me followers :)
just the rest of my stuff for poland :) x
who wants to talk? :)
oh so ur a new fan, i've been a fan for almost 13 years :d <--- yaya...can say like that...=p
last day of holiday. i fly home 2morro morning. i could stay here forever, although they'd have to bring the show here as i'd get bored! :)
haa yeaah same thing *hides face* :)
good morning :-) day 7 #smokefree more loading of skip today. i've a headache & stiff limbs, not sure its related to kickin fags tho.
right! you can be the poster boy.. your joke can be our slogan... please check marketing image :)
looking rather nommish :) #jealous
my allergies are horrible this year. my head hurts so much i can hardly sleep. prayer would be much appreciated. :)
i'm drunk with a bunch of koreans. yayuhhhh. =)
really? what ya paint? :d i am really hoping baileys.
yeah but your like 17 hours ahead of me lol..oh wait that makes it almost midnight there...awesome :)
read>rt off to work now. don't forget to check out for my latest offering. :-) have a nice day.
he just fell of his wallet again and got a concussion. :)
aha, thaanks ! i likee yours too :) <3
weather prognosis is good. tan is developing. no market today after all, hurr. take care, all. :)
i took photos of the whole process, will put them all in a blog post :)
thank you, lisa! :-) & #ff ... great fitness peeps
cool! :) just gone into our local church for a coffee and picked up a commission to photograph it. lovely gothic church
better an hour early i guess, but still not great huh :) i normally get up at 5 for 7am start, so im splitting the difference :d
wahh terima kasih banyak yah.. we really appreciate that.. keep supporting us!! :)
from the preview, it looks like everything is unseen :d
please follow me :)
baby to me your worth having youre my heart my soul the one i adore (8) ♥ :)
today is my friday! 130pm i will be back in orlando & officially off til may!! :-) happy easter everyone!!
ohh okay(: thanks for not unfollowing me :d
thank you to for sponsoring me, it means a lot ^_^
the hills are alive with the sound of music : )
good night, and good luck!! :d
the easter egg hunt is still on... 21 prizes to win... :)
have made that tweet go away...profuse apologies *grovels* :-)
owhh..thanks :-)
on way back 2 room. :) shitr was great
thank you for all the sweet birthday messages and comments :)
good morning! :)
hahaha unique or glass-shattering? x] hahahaa is ur voice like demi? :)
roflol : ) #dpfacts akhir ye aapka deepee hai kaise tention na lu... ;-p
lol its not that great when you live here, i would love 2 come 2 cali one day :)
we talked it all over last night. yup, we're on the same page. :-) thanks, i know you're there. i'm here for you too.
go follow right now and tell me, so i can give you 3 shoutouts! :) 1
:o it's my picture and my floor and my converses and my paper :') you mr are the new slick rick«:d :d lol
nnnnnoooooooo don't do it!! :)
heh.kyonki fafebook baddi kutti cheef hai..got to go off this too,soon :) too much timewaste ;)
thankyouu :) whats your name?
muah muah :* :* u'r welcome my lovely girl :} :* :*rt thankyouuuuu my boy :) :* :*
thanks! keep tweeting #indonesiawantsgaga ya :d
yes :-)
yay i have 1000 followers thankyou so much everyone who helped <3 i love my followers u guys are amazing :)
me too :d
u too nonong:)rt have a nice day :)
i'll add easteregghunt guilt to twinmummy guilt and workingattheweekend guilt :-)
thanks god! me just fine mas, it's my cousin suffering.. :) r u ok sis? from hospital to hospital..
and :l hes a good singer :)
5:40? damn, go to sleep!! :p haha awww, how sweet :d
today you are the enemy ;) blue till i die stevie :) love you still tho :) xx
thank you :)
thank you for the #ff! :) and btw i like you bg!
how ?? hey :-)
all please follow and get to 10.000 ! he will go on tinychat if he can get 10.000 :) so followww now!!!!
woohooo red carpet momenttt :)
good morning! :)
thanks for the #ff. :)
love you too! :d
out shopping :)
sooooo who's up?-i'm definitely wide awake!!! :d
thx so much! enjoy following these people :) #ff
sore...uchu mana ya ?rt sorreee ka abuu? ini uchu .. dfollow back yah ka? have a nice dayy . keep your smile ka.. :)
great :) have fun!
haha i got you more than 5 ! i got you 13 :)
dancing the hoedown throwdown! ossum :d love it
shoutout; <<< follow them :) <33
oh wow, i hadn't realised that!! small world isn't it :-)
oh thnx ur such a nice person :d yur amazingly nice :) ur just :) words can't explain how nice you are :] ♥
it's gonna be one productive day indeed.. :) we're here to simplify invoicing for you, try
well don't tell anyone, but i'm glad to hear i'm not the only one who lives alone that does that. :d
yes they are!;-) but the old ones are the best! ;p rt: simple plan's songs are totally amazing :)
hey man, you're twitterati, you'll always have us :)
already did :) hey everyone! add word!
just arrived in oxford for a spring shopping fest.any recommendations for my spring wardrobe? :)
i luv road trips :d on the way 2 my bff's wedding
winners of my competition u shud be recieving ur cd's early next week =)
i'm going to the game at the emirates! :)
hey grover! xd could you follow me back? :d
yep. i'm in ranting mode today. school's over, ojt's over and i'm on vacation. =)
np :d my name is julia.your??
damn missed my 6000th tweet. oh well :)
yummm.. eatinnn some new york chocolate :)
taking baby to iow for the weekend. mummy and daddy hoping sea air will knock him out for more than 2 hours at a time :)
you'll meet them soon :) hehehe
think so :)
she wassup good morning ta u im actually barely going to sleep but i thought i'd sae hello<lol hi! :) x
dangit, if i'd ordered earlier could gave had it delivered to him today. :)
)': not faaair. i'm great :) hbu?
and thats me and you ! :d haaha
aww. its abt 2 hours till u land in kl now. i don think i hav ever tweeted anybody whos up in the air :)
just bit of a phone sesh with a friend :) 9:46 pm fuck me im so bored hahaha, wyd?! :d
i have like 10 pieces of homework to do over the holidays on top of studying for the exams :)
brrr, cold. . .give me warmth. hehe would love to! :)
i back later :) . love <3
ze boobs mostly :)
... of course still quicker than opening firefox =)
how are you? :d
and i was like baby baby baby ooohhh, like baby baby baby noooooooooooooooo :d
all please follow and get to 10.000 ! he will go on tinychat if he can get 10.000 :) so followww now!!!!
damn. i have a baaad cold. my nose feels like a big... ahm.. red.. knolle :d :d
exhausted...time for bed! feelin accomplished :)
i love and :d im one of the #jasminators and im one of the #beliebers :) ohh yeaaahh :)
haha :) ikr! his songs are good too :)
nonsense… thinking like that means you'll never do it. screw that voice & just put some scraps of time in there :)
nevah!! :)
oh yeeahh. *new followers me tweeties so i can seeee youuu! :)
talking with sw about random stuff...now :d
glad your safe in the home of the henderson castle :-)
wait til 2pm and you can read my new blog post... :-)
that might be intentional ? :) #unplug
i wanna move to the uk or a while &carry on with their awesome accent :d
shattered busy week this. :)
and to you! now i'll know everything you do. like god. ^_^
check out my latest post do you carry out market research online? --> please :)
shoutout >> << :d
#ff #blink182 :)
alice cooper went there once :d
good day :d
blaze it and go to sleep! lol :) cant sleep.....gotta get up early ugggg paid dues....woot woot!!!!
reply me if u want us to follow u! the whole thing definately didn't work! lol =)
ok :) what level was that on? im impressed!!
fruit or bird? either way, impressed :d
happy birthday to your mom hope you all have a great day! :) x
my back hurts!! :d and so hot here!
follow me please :)
lol you really do love those two. how could you tell?! :d they are my whole world <3
dancing the hoedown throwdown! ossum :d love it
belieber should be #1 :d
lol i know right! ill be fine...soon as it gets light imma go hiking and ill be good after :d
thx :) some parts of w13 wr good. i liked saul rubinek & the redhaired smart girl (sister 2 some guy) best. not as good as x-files
yep, i'm doing the 1/2... sounds like it'll be perfect weather! :)
i need to win the comp 2 meet justin!!! i love him soooo much :)
ok, kiddo, let's go. daddy is coming along, and we'll have ice cream on the way. :)
yeah: blow our minds wide open. :-) there is something i have to do .
we can try , :d
yg belieber indo rt! im gonna list you :)
tomorrow is weekend, so no school :d
im one of the #jasminators and im one of the #beliebers :) ohh yeaaahh :)
sorry.. i dont :)
yea its a marmite album. but i **heart** florenece, so we can have differences in opinion. :)
