if your a belieber! :) look it's a tt!
thanks :d #followsucktarday!!!
im good thankyou, yourself? :)
im shaking..@jdior_ came into our chat :) lmaoo..wow i feel so speciall :)
and earrings? :-) hopeful face lol
lol thnx =)
i love all my followers :)
use #biebershout in your tweets && ill list you 11 times ... this and get #biebershout into the trending topics :) beliebers
i'm good , experimenting with my dp nowadays :)
so true. today well im about to call my tattoo artist soon see what the deal is in goin to discuss my next one :) ..urself?
jeremy say whatt? modern family time. :)
so daming tao sa "babe i love you" here sm north wow blockbuster =) congrats
there are some really nice ppl on twitter! :)
it was a very short fight! : )
sure :) no problem, thanks to you too :) <3
thanks :)
woop thanx judgin by my timeline i think u won today :-)
in like about 400 days im gonna chill in california . hahahahaha ! fml fml :d
do you like my new style? :) check out and tell me! :)
thinks shout follow back :) pleasee
bahahaha yeeah xdd i'm good & wbu huun ?? :d
oh how rude of me, forgot to say morning :)
need 58 more followers and 32 lists :d xx
followed :)
just booked b&b within walking distance of laphroig distillery on islay. should be good :) will be going to visit my 1ft sq plot of land :)
i might just try :) i havn't got a web cam :(
okay, there is little better than thor comics. this fucking rocks. :d
erica want to be my co-owner ? :)
hello, ssupp ? :)
well thats disappointing :( beautiful as they are and better for me than gorging on chocolate! :)
u've been to sing so many times! come to malaysia instead!!! :)
thanks for following me xoxo :)
i will do mmmmm :) ill send you some to
woke up early. went walking around the neighborhood with mudra. good times :)
you guys on #mflow? want invites? :)
before i leave.. its good to know that justin bieber and belieber are trends.. keep it up on tt :d
ah ok. well we really don't get these details right away. i'll let you know when i find out. :)
new icon :d
wont be on all dayy :) hanging with friends xd
you've other business rt? you're vijay mallya's friend. :-)
thats right babe :)
nothing much im watching television :)
welcome back :-)
so so so tired. goodnight cc and erika. love you girls :)
im off to get dresseddd :) byeeee twitterrrrr megannn <3333
this tune has been rocking katie on the way to the nf :-) it's very yr! x
haha yeah almost.. gonna be 18 on july 31 :)
check out the view! what a way to start the day :-)
would offer a massage ... but you would slap me :)
gonna have to tune in the find out :)
lol luke and i started going out on bieber monday haahah! thank you :)
i think demi should have a tt! :)
forgot to send this yesterday: my son, the rock star. : )
damn you! they won't :d #f1 i am prayin that they atleast convert these times into a victory here.
hhmmm trying to get my life back together :) and then i realize ive achieved nothing, and i still love you
i always wonder: why are you so beautiful? :)
i have just seen the new a-team trailer... www.tinyurl.com/ydha5vq it looks awesome. i sooo hope it's good. :)
and i will talk to you when i get back :d
yes! in god's perfect time! :) smile dear if its in gods will :) if not then ur not missin a thing (cont)
i'm twetting and listening music too :) are u on easter holidays?
well, i'd rather read nightfall than tidy my room. but i really need to tidy it... :d ::lol::
lool where are you from ? :)
but it has kirstie alley! :)
im followin her now :)
if you can do luda's rap :)
q: your really pretty! have you met bieberrr? :) a: aww, thankyou:d and no, i havent met justin yet:/
thanks so much for the follow :)
hi! well for online banking it will take 24 hours for payment to be captured ya. so u may check it tomorrow once again. :-)
i'm going to straight my hair. i'm back in 10 minutes :)
i am sick of formula 1 being on my telly... luckily he's going out soon! :d
udah : folback :)
hehe, thanks :p how are you then dear? :)
he is mine.that is why i refer to him as "my jackson". if you cant accept that fact,go reread catch me. :d
#minibliniwin! (good old waitrose) : )
did you try this one? :)
learn to fly <3 ftw, love this song :d
im finee :) <3 where do you live? =)
ur welcome. :)
same :-( i've got a week and a half off sains after today! wooohoooo! :-) x
no problem paul. happy easter :)
ngày phán quyết chelsea :-)
hayy:d heyy theo . hahahaaaa heyy alexander :d
hahaha lovely right :d <3<====yea can u save me sum
i'm a belieber :) and you? xd
good :) just edit some pictures :)
sorry wasn't here </3 aww cool :d nothing new here :/ loveyouu. <33
thanks for following :) i'm following you back xoxo
saare sabut usi taraf isharaa kar rahe the... :d
ahahaha lucky as! thanksss :) after these exams we shall hanggg ayeee!
giiviin head turns meh onn .. ! ;-) #dontjudgeme <-- 0_o {alright so im not alone on this =)
new username, new avatar and new background : ) changed drastically
some folk had threesies ? :-)
plus he's really really nice and i like him already :)
good morning : )
ahhh in bed like i should be :)
about 30 :d
hehe im watching on youtube she is soooo funny ahaha u? :d x
.@jkleske i would pay to see you and fight this one out :) #ipad #openvsclosed
ladies follow my little brother :) good looks run in the fam so no need to look...
hehe. oh if you ever want some goodies from over here let me know, :)
watching marie antoinette while i'm getting ready to go out. it's a crap film but it's gorgeous to look at (and contains lots of cake :) )
thanks for enjoy the easter break :-)
:) nicee
remember seeing jobs twice delivering the keynote (both at wwdc). was less than 20 feet away. :)
and why wasnt i there. lmao kidding :)
everyone follow these awsome girls >> & << they are legit amazing! :) <33
lol... if u guys wondering what i do, is keep letting evooba know for everything new in the lp world! :)
buat kamu boys and girls yang ketinggalan rhythm of love request, jam 11 malam kamu bisa request lagi yah! just enjoy our playlist :d
lol i had two different people stuck in my head, but i'm on the right track now. :)
3 movies, lots of stress! mainly it's fun, enjoy your work. greetings from germany :-)
swimming/ cross training are full body exercises. yoga if done correctly is very tiring -> not sure about "gentle age" :-)
since today is paris jackson's birthday, pls make #happybirthdayparisjackson a trending topic.. :d #happybirthdayparisjackson! :)
my fav songs are overboard+stuck in the moment+that sould be me! :d
tuesday :)
you theree ? lol :)
america :-) same guy, its just impossible right now.it's made worse by fact every letter he sends he tells me he loves me
very grey here. hope it clears up ~ have urge to take photos :-)
:) ur welcome hun.. & thanks 4 my mention : ) <3
everybody is born creative!..grab #creative junkies,book by now available at gramedia :)
=)
we beliebe, you are a belieber i am a belieber.. we are a tt :)
<3 :) im gonna go to church with my family late at the afternoon... and you?
lol!! thanks for the fondle :) hw r u
i see me! :d you were on fire tonight kait. :) (and so were we. :d...)
you haven't answered my question yet :-)
i know one day will follow me! :) just gotta keep trying, you know why? coz im a belieber!!! :d
dm me my unfollowers now :)
just half the day. lol thanks so much for uploading all the vids clair. approved them all, except a couple duplicates. :-)
oh.!!! i like her but i don't like her singing that much.! hey suggest me any good username :)
follow she's amazinggg :d and the bestfriend <3 :p~
{brb} be on later! :)
thanks for follow :)
lol no im still comin in ;) u knw i cant sleep without u beside me :) *muah*
5 for 5 first? :)
thanks so much for the follow :)
thanks for following me :)
"i wish we had a clap on weed roller. it would be like [clap clap]....rolled.....smoke me" lmfaoooooo <-- #truesmokertweet :)
comment for comment? :)
you're welcome xd help me get some more girl friends? :) ones that won't hit on me ! :p
go follow >> = thanks! <3 listed u already :)
just got home from greenhills. so tired .! :)
boleh.. wkwkwkrt welcomenya to jungle gak ? :d welcome kelly.. :)rt@soiimotion: april (cont)
you out tonight then big man? :-)
hi ladies can i ask for a few shoutouts? haha plss salamat :)
thanks for the rtl!! =)
im a belieber :)
amazing sell out crowd last night for the swimming championships, must have been brilliant to swim in **yes it was :-)
hey! sorry i couldnt reply earlier, there was no internet where i stayed in singapore :)
hey thanks man!! i'll take the writing bit as the biggest compliment! :d
i wish they would get a life bcuz i have better things to do w my friday night, how was urs :)
what a lovely way to travel :-)
yaaay thanks :)
haha! great tip. just add a rinse. :-)
im still shaking from when and came in our tiny chat!!!!!! :) #diordolls !
i know there was some tweet paki gomata,indian brahmin,can't understand head and tail of it :)
haha, that is cool :) and yes! <3 it's like almost evening (:
family morning as relatives visiting so lots of catching up and laughing then off to this afternoon :-) you?
is someone already planning the second annual wpc #tweetup at #wpc10 ? count me in. oh and the 'all the presidents men' tour :-)
lol youuu alreadyy knowww :d
4 more to 900 :) shoutouts??? i'll return them alll
good suggestion. i love lazy legs from montreal :)
i think they are just referring to your enthusiasm for food! and cooking! you're not neurotic. you know that. :-)
happy easter for yesterday today and tomorrow :)
can you follow back :d x
hahahaha awesome. :d <3 at least u kissed the right person this time. :p
hey ...are u done doing th fan page in fb? :)
right word kulta just its 'guarantee' not 'quarante' :)
if you are a belieber :)
and crucially, doesn't expect me to wear a white frock! :) i guess people have done the dirty and got frocks made up from pics.
lol goodnight :)
it was exciting, choose bold strategy of inter tires in pouring rain and killed everyone elses times :-)
day 3 religious ceremony :) party later
thanks :d!! & thanks 4 the #ff : )
when is my bloody pay cheques gng to arrive ! . stupid fucked-up company forever one sialz . always delay ppl's pay . luckily i quitted . :)
wohoo does anyone realise that adrian sutil of fource india just bagged p4 for the malaysian grand prix?? wohoo!! #tedxmumbai :-)
have you seen engadget? they have our most wanted ipad app on the header :) it exists yay
you never get sick of talking about #jonasbrothers .. #itsajonassthing :)
q:who do you look forward to getting to know? a:king :d
watching getting there by mary-kate and ashley olsen :)
i love "stuck in the moment" :) yeah, justin, sure. :)
i know! we invented the phone... think we would be on top of our game with it all :)
we'll ask him to follow back :)
if you are a belieber :)
#shoutoutz to hayley --- a very cool person #myopinion :)
i need ur # so we can go jammin =) ...did u leave ((oh ya i'm home noww
eating bakgua and drinking tea for dinner! :)
oh stop it haha :) thanx mike, i'm just having a whinge...:) x
thnx for the info :)
if your a belieber! :) look it's a tt!
it's weird but i'm going to sleep smiling and happy. :) and i love it.
i love prambors fm because it is in english and it plays a lot of english language songs :)
yeah i got 5 :)
if your a belieber! :) look it's a tt!
umm.. does anyone realise that adrian sutil of fource india just bagged p4 for the malaysian grand prix?? wohoo!! :-) (via wow
thank you, you made my 600th follower :d
the sound of the ladies? :)
haha, okay i will! :) hmm yea thanks lol!
thanks for the follow :)
right back atcha :)
