hello :) hello :)
morning :) morning ms london waddup mate
you are welcome! :)
gotta go. have a nice day, people! :) #jonasbrothers :d
yes it's that time again to do that thing we all do once a day i hope........... sleep. =)
thanks :)
did you enjoy the episode? :) i hope they replay that episode
coloring easter eggs with maddie :)
ah... the wonderful just handed me a tasty bacon sammich. my morning is suitably cheered. omnomnom :-)
thankssss :) xx
i have to eat lunch but when i'm back i'll return all shouties :) i promise ♥
follow , get her 6more followers, go go go :), help a belieber :)
since 4.45 :) warming up with coffee now
head is fine. reckon guitar hero cured it. :-) thanks for a great night
:) i know. i've been awak ages but can't face leaving bed. must do laundry though. how's you? x
someone is looking 4 u :) does anyone know who is the owner of 7langit? does he/she have twitter?
:) how are u gonna spend this time? :) x
i'm going to bed now :) just got home and have to get up in a few to do it all over again :)
mee and my brother bout to play madden 10 :)
giggity giggity giggity goo :d
lmao, yeaaap (: yea, i am. hahah, i guess it is. :d i'm guessing you havent ate lunch yet.. lol :)
really??you have to come to indonesia as soon as possible.you'll see how wonderful indonesia. :) @mingminglolly sure
~~thanks loads for my #ff's :) have a fab weekend :)
i have a tweet limit now that i'm following over 2000 people. so please don't unfollow. i'll follow you back... when i can. :)
ermm sleeping n playin cod allday :) wat bout you?
that song reminds me of the holiday in newyork; i miss it! :)
well it's true :) xxx
a good job for me anyway...lols :)
lol it's ok. my son is a cool person to hang out wit.... just like me :-) how u?
jesus woulda worn one :)
1 away from 10,360 :) shoutout for shoutout?
just gathered the groceries to make a corn chowder, nom, curious to make that recipe ! :d
how many eurovision 2010 songs have you listened to? :)
21 april. i'm doing chicago and washington too :-) seeing my brother and his wife. (and my ex who lives in washington)
8hrs =) that's how long you got to work?? < yeh
ahh nice, ill dm u my number in a bit anyway. hit me up and we'll organise a dinner/ wine session :)
search engine marketing optimization internet mark how website developers and you can contribute to findability :)
yeah... i really like our convos.. :)
-- keep yo head up sista.... :) stay true to your journey.... i celebrate your journey... :) peace and blessings....
looks like i've got a musical instrument themed project for the residency at the lombard method :)
i'm hollering as soon as i'm up tomorrow :)
c'mon guys follow cos justin said so :)
cool! :) are u watching the race tomorrow?
anyone want to talk? :)
:d how are you?
for real!! :) i'm getting off of here!! have a great night..talk to u soon! :)
everyone in the world(or ma followers so far lol) put #joriking in onee of your tweets if youu do ill dm youu somethin speaciall :)
#free #shoreditch #eastersunday st/7:30pm-11pm/raff djin 80s-90s-soul-rnb-disco/amazin cocktails :)
cause whenever smiles...i smile =)
yolladım şarkıyı dinlemedin mi :)
hahaha i wasn't here to notice all of his #drunktweets! reading through them now for my entertainment. :-)
exactly, baaaaah :)
come to beat kitchen tonight :)
i will do ;) it'll probably be a solo walk though, unless any of the sallins tweeps join me :)
np :)
you have a good day too. see ya later :d
morrrrrning everyone :d
naru is not even co-founder! :) he joined 2020 after a long time. but of course he is like de facto ceo.
also, 4 times daily service from rio to sao paulo on our new 737-200 :)
all the single ladies put your hands up!! :d
yeah~~~thx too ... miss yah =) bestie...
can you watch my vids please :)
is sonn going have a wonderful weekend and happy easter amen :) x <3
thanks for listing! ditto :)
naive of you that you don't know the legal proceedings on swiss bank issue. duh!!! :-)
thanks for following baack :)
awww you were amazing when i saw you at hammersmith :) been up to much?? x
bout :d
haha, my sister is so impressed with my tan :) i'm impressed also. i did a good job!
welcome :)) thanks ca :) follow her too ppl! follow her guyyys :d --> 2 followers lagi o.o
i have to best fiance ever :)
ahhh tired? i woke up early so i'm still a little tired too... *high five to being tired* :) xx
salamat talaga! :) what is dread btw?
#justinbieberisamazing maybe we can make that a tt? :)
a chance to travel the world and promote my book! just think there's a better way to go about it. emailing the agency now :)
in southbank, about to get my heuvos rancheros on :)
bless my dads mate and his partner gave me money for my holiday :)
aww :) lovely new pic! glad he sounds happier on his ol' blog, scottish audiences the best of course lol!
thank you! :) it's on wednesday. i don't like spicy foods either.
state highway. very little traffic. recently widened. :)
can you please send us google map links or exact coordinates of the troubled areas? we'll notify our network team about them :)
yepp > it has "twitter" on the top :) there yaa go!
seven hours until...#drwho!! aaah saturday night brilliance =)
wow haha ok i will get you 10.000 followers:) i want you go on tinychat!!! haha :d
salut !!! :) wassup
lol its been a while :)
amgosh. you're s000 cute :d
i think i love you .. we are both lavaheads!!! :d i love mitchell davis >:d.
yeaah :) 5 times!
making my first twitter bg, let's see how it will go.... :d
awww, she looks so cute! :] u are cute and a good mum, we know it :d xo
looking forward to the footie later! then babysitting from 5pm = lots of money for me! & they're getting pizzas in for us, awesome :d
what film are you going to run through it? kodak portra vc is my recommendation. :)
going to sleep now but i hope we get to chat in a overlap tomarrow! :)
eveyone become a fan of official facebook page :)
thanks :)
love you to! =)
lol all my songs on itunes have album art :) except 2
i'd rather not lol thanks :)
#justinbieberisamazing maybe we can make that a tt? :)
~~you are all very welcome :) have a fab weekend :)
helping a friend 3: looking for a junior account executive for a creative local advertising agency. dm me if u interested :) tx all
halo vinyus..lg meeting drtd :) nti dtg kok. just wait the pic buddy.. hehe ;) halo.. hi :) lagi (cont)
this is really good :)
thanks :)
thaank you <3 :d <3 :d
the guy on the news said back :d
you think you know but you have no idea.. this is the diary of justin bieber.. :) hahaha i love him! :)
yeah, henney is my second bf, but were on a break right now.. too much time together lol drink extra for me!!! :)
thanks to and tonya for a lovely night last night :)
yeah, cassie's not here till june, read her bio :)
love my new background :d
very interesting article indeed :-)
got my signed aarron ramsey poster today :d <3
if you're online :)
sunset at the hills, ah yeah :d #lifeisgood
if you want me to list you 5 times :)
hahaha yay! :d i knew it i knew it ! ;)
me too :)
follow them right now! :)
we're always working on better services that answer customers needs regardless of what others are doing :)
legs tired from all the walking.. on my way home :)
yo verse.. see that chick blue jeans black purse all eyes on you, she could be yours.. im back in prague, this is my curse :-) what up?!
iya niiii. aku mau sms kamu tp gaada pulsa hey darling, so you've already broke up, aren't you? :)
aww thats so coool! :d have funn :)
watching mythbusters on discovery channel :d is soo freaking cool !
#nowplaying taio cruz break your heeart . gooosh i loove him <3 :d
it sure is relaxing. too bad the sun is so scarce today. #maisilestoulesoleil making the most of this extra-long weekend :)
clash of the titans! :) lesssgglow
changed my bg and my icon :d loving it ♥
i'm doing the music at the cowboys tonight again & apparently from foxsports was questioning my choice of 'sweet caroline' :)
just met the ultimate lady :)
of course :)
.....and coffee. i love starting the day with coffee, too. :d
lol, me too! (: but one day...they will. :d
trs skrg pgn mandi tp..the dating nya take me out bikin mls mandi bgt!!!! seru buat dikatain :)
haha mm yum :d nar dont be silly, i just had some phish phood for breakfast, with a cold cross bun :p
she needs one more ----->>> :)
thx guys! a fabulous experience it was! :)
here comes the sun... here comes the sun... and i say it's alright. :)
shoutout tooo: ~~~~> :)
this if u always dance whenever u hear justin's songs :)
morning!! make me some, i can't be arsed roiilin' outta bed :)
you inspire me :) even if i don't smoke :d do you love it ?? :]x
i'm pissed because of my lil sister and bro. they suck atm.. but good.. :d and you?
and if you *ever* happen to be in warsaw i know a v good lady who handmakes them for that or less :)
idk . he did without i asked . just try to get his attention. he will follow you . im sure! believe in your dream :)
can you try and get me to 2,000 followers please id love you millions? :d
:) #imjustsaying
hang on there metiii ! aku selesaiin urusan2 nyokap trus ke sambas :) ping!!! am home get here asap :(
<- follow her now !!! =) .. <- follow her now !!! =) .. <- goo follow her now !!! =) ..
of courrse :)
. lol yes something like that... there may been wine involved too :)
sorry for the late #ff thanks :d
new! dj eako feat.maiya sykes release (john de mark mix) on #soundcloud :)
: ) www.frachelli.com has launched! we're giving away a $100 amazon card! follow and to enter
i'm good :) hbu?
read last tweet :) u must do it!!! it's biebergasmic :p
awwh thankyou. just keep tweeting the odd link every now and again :) x
i bought the app even though the ipad is a week away :)
lol. defs r a must see! go c it on the weekends or sumthin. :) xxx
done with the colour.. now treatment time kaa :)
i'm coming over with starbucks :d
i bought the paparazzi bag to celebrate a significant turn in my life. will announce it later. :)
thank you for the informations :)
people are the same all over and people are different over. same with trees :)
catch ya laters :-)
shoutout for shoutout? :)
lol! :p i love the song! hope it does well :d xx
sippp :d iya bener , yang penting hepi xd daripada dipikir :p (cont)
thank you, me too!!! :)
3 more followers til i get 250 :d help help help :d xo
i rted some of mine u couldn't find too just about 20~30 min ago :)
yea ! ♥ wanna be my co-owner ? :d
#goodmorning twitter !!! :-)
already replied :)
heh, let me think... no. :)
#jonasbrothers is trending. i love life! <3 :) you guys make my day, everyday :)
follow because his hair feels like a cloud :)
thank you! :) and hello to you!
okies ~ seeyah :)
bill tweeted me to tell me the alarm had gone off. i was already up and on my computer so i saw the tweet :-)
im going on holiday thank you :)
if you're belieber follow me, ill follow u back :)
did you celebrate your birthday hunnyyyyy ??? :*** <33333 :d
headlights, get going; public image ltd, rise; black kids , not going to teach your boyfriend... enjoy. :d
oh yeah, in addition to crazy, we're mysterious, too. good luck. :)
2/2 i could be wrong, but i think there's a way you can stick a passcode on the console. so he wouldn't be able too? :)
arthur c clarke, rendezvous with rama is pretty damn good too. the forever war also, look that up :)
going now! tweet y'all later :)
:) your welcome
morning! :) up & about, now... what to do today?
who did ever see 10 € ??? :d
thanks, go follow nowww :)
exactly :) xx
i am seeing my brangelina book on display everywhere :) (via
bahaha hi honey! :) <33 how are yaaa?
ah, ali ovo nije dev nightly, ovo je stable release, zato i bitcham :)
my sincere gratitude for your : )
lol i love your icon :) she's beautiful! i wish i looked like that :p lol x
