happy saturday, happy followers :) xxx
photo: my #1 fave of poreotix! :)
i love meeting new alexz fans :) thanks for the follow too. i run alexz.net, but i talk about her so much you might now know:p
#oz /you 2 gals r everywhere :-)"i've been everywhere"/me think u wanted by interpol :) /shh we r
*tears up* well imma miss youu :)
oh and #jonasbrothers too :)
it's easter, after all :)
i'm onlinee :d who missed mee ?? xd
i thought i was the only one! baha! :)
you're such lucky girl! ha!:d love u:) and your talent :) and your voice! and your boyfriend :d
goodnight =)
bout to write my to do list out for the day :)
:d heey
follow our other acc :: :: we follow back, just ask :)
aaa salam buat ichaaa :) okee sency dl nonton ma .. kbr2in oke? iyah hehe minggu sore bsok
i knew there was a reason i couldnt sleep! :) shes so amazing
welcome :) yeah me too. thats confusing me :d
haha.. good morning :) i'm finally doing my homework :d <3
thank you :-) i'd smoked since i was 14 then when i hit 36 i started to worry about the future so enough was enough :-)
the one that stole my heart to which i stole her's right back :)
two posts i think! one straight review of book, one thought piece on how localgov could benefit from factory thinking :)
yes, because we're best friends forever and always right? :)
haha. thats perfect :)
shoutout to >>> :-)
i think u should tweet :-)
aww :) i love going to my nans haha, do you live in england? :d
at hilcrest berry farm for lunch, then later wine tastings at ernie else :)
cheers for the #ff mention! :d
falling for u =) its sooo good
listening to songs from shes my greatest inspiration :) <3
thanks for the #ff mention :)
ahh ok,yes i remember u :)
anyone now who she is?? :)
silver sky on my way home :) pretty.
away to work! :d
sean rude girls is like dope :) best song eva :d
спасибо :)
hahah! :p i think it's the best tactic. sorry i missed you on skype. you got home ok then in the end :)
finality goodby! dm me if u want shoutouts! :) (e.g. hey! lalaiiinexd i wanna shoutout.10)
thanks! :d
good morning! :)
your last tweet reminded me of a ruby program i once knew :)
published moderator comments on cpg. i love cpg :-)
yeah they played rain on me right at the end when it had like a wee best bits of the qualifying :) haha
naw just a friend :)
cummon follow > we can get him to 11,000 !!! :) x
well most of the plaster is on the wall and most of the pastry is on the hot cross buns so i'm calling that one a success :)
everyone go follow my besties :) thx.
oh, yeah! beautiful tree... like in wonderland or in a dream =) and the bird in the middle... so sw
good morning! glad you're feeling fine this morning :)
haha! dude that could've been a dangerous pose :d
awesome! :) belieber is trending guys <3
happy easter! i'm good :) how about you?
i don't know true blood...so twilight is better :)
here is your new icon :)
just stole 2 cookies from the cookie jar ^_^
oh sorry twitter, i know im whinging a lot today. but on the upside my one tree hill s4 dvds arrived today :)
okay,now i'm really starving,i feel how my stomach is turning upside down lol :d going to get sth to eat,brb :)
curious to see the finals of the njk boulder (youth championships boulder) this afternoon :)
ah thanks sweetie :) nice pic :)
thanks for signing my poster today at the billabong shop but ur toooo quiet you need to roar :)
follow plss. they follow back and give everyone who follows a shoutout!!! :)
have joceysweet replied you back yet? :)
wawawawa!! :d asiiikk..! :) t bulan april inilah my girls bdays.. (cont)
thank you for the #ff mention, much appreciated! :d
another wonderful trip to builder's brewery, back with a few great things that will have to wait until morning to unpack :)
i thought it would be grown in barry? :l well you can grow tea anywhere, ima make a gorleston blend :)
with getu, jossu & mammu :) love ya xx
lol you didn't see but i did that finger click thing aswell & yes please! i need some maccies in my system :)
tinkering with my home screen, made some new icons :-) i like it a lot #geek
glad to be home again. miss my bed and bubby.. :)
you make my day better than before :)
but surya is indian film hero. he can do anything and pass any exam without bit :d
yeah. :d
heyyyyy guysssss just woke up ! :)
thanks for the #ff mention :)
yeah i can imagine :) well now you have built one ..........
managed to cross off two new good food guide restaurants today, despite being out in the sticks in country victoria. :) yum!
it's nice here :)
need 2 rest up for tomorrow.. finna be a looonnnng dope ass day! #paiddues :)
excellent. :-)
hahaha yeah :) haah! so how are you today? <3
enjoying a turkey sub + watching daniel day lewis interview. how sweet is he aww ^_^
if it's not too much could you send me the chords and notes? :) thank yo... (youtube
good to see you abck in your red and yellow clothes.. :) anyway.. that hmmm was very powerful.. :) loved it.
don't mind if i do :)
"i believe at least six impossible things before breakfast." :-) hmmm.... i want to have more muchness. and i loved the red queen! hehe.
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. -- :-)
hey new followers! thank you for following! you're all amazing!! but you'll be more amazing if you follow ! do it ! :d xxx
followed :)
i think i like it now :d also my dad didn't even notice. ahahaha :')
that's the exact same tweet as me haha :)
gonna get a shower and stuffs. seeyousoon! :)
awww thanks honey, yeah she is got the proud halo on right now :)
thanksss so much :) xxx
if u dont follow go now :] she's a belieber, c'amon! :d
haha conjo :)
cool :) | at half past 1 im watching a footballmatch :d ♥
thank you all for the #ff mentions! :)
sleep well sweetie ! <3 :) i will!!
