keep trying, i know you'll have success in finding it :)
it hates you :)
haha...getting my saturday early morning dose of cartoons with the kids. tom and jerry cracking us all up. yes am still a kid at heart :-)
back to watching the entire back catalogue of futurama with miss six. :)
you could come to mines until i go out with lew? :) i'm babysitting anyway. i'll get ready and yous can come soon <3 ?
looks like an awesome one. :)
hi vivien.. have i already told about the new blog? =)
i can help :) i'm curious about usabilla & too. i'll try it out now.
folks,suggestion please direct the live-streaming to the #ustream page and that of #cleartrip social media,may backfire :)
yea, i don't need to fly to another country to get an #ipad. someone is bringing it back for me. :)
anyone need a free shoutout???? :d inthe mood for free shoutouts :o twee me
trust me!! i've known for 2 years now, she's basically family i love her :d
morning :)
it amuses me mightily that the example for the dublin postal districts entry is the synagogue in terenure :)
same ;d when i found them i was likeomjj ;d started to read immediatly :d the 10th is sooo steamyyy ö !
back at ya! :)
sure :) i will be at 9250, and you will be at....?
pleaseeeee list me! :)
what it do? :)
i'm following my absolute upper limit of people to follow this means there'll be cuts. good news if you're reading this it shant be you :)
g'morning :)
right kiddies i have to go be a good person for the rest of the day, talk to some of you this evening :) xxxxx i'll tweet when i can :) xxx
:) if your proud to be a belieber (: ♥ #germanjbarmy
ªkªkª =dªkªkª siaaap!!! barter sm martabak keju coklat :) teteeuuup (cont)
:)
nice pic sis :) cant wait until youre back on thursday lool i miss ya sis its boring without ya :) :d x
if you're belieber follow me, follow u back & ill listed you :)
french ppl lol :) ! how r u teyana ?
tysm :) tweets 3000 kedua buat :
thank you :d
mwah, mwah, mwah....happy saturday (((hugs))) :-)
#welovesteph :) spread the word love u all <3
icarly episode ''ipilot'' just finished! but icarly episode ''i dont want to fight'' is on! :)
mandi dulu trus sholat ^_^
looking at mj pictures :)
i suppose thats fair. :)
yeah everythinggg :d
yupp, and i've mde it my profpic! :) hehe udah syaa, buka fb muu ;)rt hey fotonya di tag2
shut up. im sick and moody ^_^
:d im going up to my grandads , hbu? :)x
that made me smile, and thankyou for taking hte time to read my stupid blog :)
baby im your mann :) xx
first half hour of that movie is great :)
to all my new followers :) yooo!! hope your all good!! ur now a part of my life.....:) participate > youtube vids....'jamkin80' subscribe <3
eyes getting heavy! :) it's about that time!
pantai indah w / habis pecahkan keperawanan kamera baru ..haha :) ! thank you.
just phoned the house phone from my bed to request bacon, i'm funny :) but he said to get up :(((
wooooooooooow #jonasbrothers is #2 on tt =)
when you want water... but need a little oooph to it... whats better than vitamin water? :) #ad
i dooo but usually wedding cake tastes like caca de mouette, no ? :)
ok so i like love mr.g haha i want him to be my teacher :d
im now on tweeeeetdeck :)
the way i feel to type in williamhill.com right now< i just left there :d
hahah noelia and you? :)
trying out seroeni ps. everything looks good! :)
hehe :d follow back dong hungry
she woke me up daily don't need no starbucks 'whoohooo' :d i love this part. lmao.
..sounds a good day to me :) x
that's tonight gonna be a good night! :)
from me to you guys, the loverly eddie kendricks' can't help but what i am. enjoy :)
:) if your proud to be a belieber (: ♥ #germanjbarmy
q:you best not forget about me when you have like a gazillion... a:haha i wont trust me =) x
knowledge is power :d
happy ipad day :-) good use case from rww:
yeah i like giving shoutouts, if you find it annoying, please unfollow me :)
thank you :)
def. not as awsome as you are! :)
hi my names gracious k i have a tune called casio could you play it please lol < lool =)
good morning! :)
oh wow!!! that looks fab m'lovely!!! :-) x
_ thank you darling <3<3 :)
hehe i very much doubt i'll be up at 7am, so my neighbours are safe...til lunchtime at least! :d
aww! :) thanks twin!
can someoner help me get to 700 ? :)
i'm all good :) thanks hun x
mtp devices are fully supported. in fact, i am using one myself ("sansa clip"). make sure to get the latest libmtp :)
doesn't look that bad :d
i should stay up late more :)
"you can set separate wallpapers for the lock screen and the home screen." :d
sunrise in nyc, queueing up until the opening hours for our #ipad :)
oooohhhhhhh.... own! what a tool. talk about loyalty to country patriotik and all.even chix pun nak amik yg luar je :)
awake, out the bath and clearin out my wardrobes 2 some old skl garage :)
haha :) my phone does that sometimes but restarting it normally works (h)
signed 2 stellar tines by udaye rana (remember schadenfreude) to maktub music :)
ok so now.. i wake up to girls kissing me on the cheek.. awww how sweet.. :)
i don't think that would bother her :) lolllls, i'm kidding. i miss our clothing chats!
5 peeps rt'd my tweet are listed :d
on that basis i am the best cook in the world. :d #diehappynow
over and over and over for ages aahahahaa :)
well that depends on whether you're cycling solo or with others :)
ty ty :) best wishes to you@tweakerray: "wishing you a happy eastertime: ♫
thanks :) and yes that what i did :) .. tomorrow we will travel and enjoy it :)
trying to remember the name of the chap who invented crosswords? it's p something t something r something :) <-peter lol
lolol! keep your head to the sky... we have your music on repeat! :)
#follow one of my uk followers --->> <<---- #coolchick get to know her... !!! :-)
thanks!! :)
:) tanx u too
*ahem* hello shiny new followers. me and say hi, or something more entertaining than hi if you like. i tend to follow tweeps i chat to. :)
halloohooo :d
haha :d did u get the followers u needed ?
