so who's ready to have a great day and truly ready to pursue the passion of their hearts desire? make it happen peeps, enjoy your day =)
shoania is getting spicier by the hour. great script for a movie getting played out :)
hey hun :) x
hi! good morning. :) like the new photo alot.
yeah, shinig stars start young :)
i guess so! now it's me, until you go back and steal it away :)
if you want me to list you 5 times :)
tuneeeee! ryan leslie is a friggin musical genius (: x< no more needs to be said <- :) x
why yes it is :) and i would like gum please.
ty & u r welcome 4 the shouts &rts! :-)
have a lovely trip/weekend!! :-) x
that pic is so cuteee! :)
lmfao you'll never think of a thing, i have no weakness! :d
thanks :d xx
bocah maksa bapaknya main love and berry.. :d
if you want in your bed :)
hweeeeeeerrr! morning tweeps...i smile still!i wnt complain :)
banging 808's & heartbreak omw to work. i finally got the cd again :)
i miss your banana tweets :) cmon, tweet about bananas :) haaaha
shoutout :)
so i'm back just 2 say that i'm leavingxd going 2 my bffs house soon & catch up :d haven't seen her 4 along time so it's gonna b lots of fun
hannah sounds like a sweet girl so nice of her to do that for the littlies :)
i'll have one in a matter of hours. point all you want, i'll be distracted. :-)
only a tiny handfull of tix left to our brisbane and melbourne shows next weekend. www.myspace.com/shortstackband for tix. can't wait! :)
okay i have to go now because i have to get ready bye bye :d xx
no underwear: april fool’s i laughed out loud at the censored version! well done ie ★ another great mission :d
hey oc, it's about the only time i've had chance to listen to you with lil j :) enjoyed it x
off to friend's wedding in leicester :-) . officially running on indian time...
me? i love it :) but watching it on tv can be a reeeaaal bore, you gotta go to the game to get the real atmosphere. field trip?
yes ! :)
welcome to twitter =)
hahaha ur hilerious... i bet ur a wonderful aunt... :)
i went to bed at 11:00. :) yay! congrats. now you gotta start sending pics of it!
hmm... my supposed alpha hero is turning out to have surprising amounts of beta too. so sue me, i like nice guys! :)
compiling the freshest wares to make one of my sites run on zotonic :-)
dominioning :)
yeees <3 =) exactly. :d xx <:
i love the new design!! :)
i think i should stop tweeting, get up and go make some breakfast :)
#twitition justin bieber to do a music video in the uk!! :d
are you the abhishek seen on tech2.com on tv? :)
dad watching me dance around in my pjs with my ipod in listen to walking on sunshine hahah :d love this xd x
yooo =)
ketok magic aja biar cantiiik...rt creambath and pedicure sounds nice :d
what did justin do on american idol? :)
yes, plenty of sleeping in required this weekend :-)
:) #zodiacfacts #pisces is the most gentle sign in the zodiac, and they approach love very gingerly.
oh yes! you can say that :)
raaawr im so happy ur here j-maan :) haha and im just tweeting as alwas. haha hbu? <3
such kinkiness in the hospital :) xx
i speak some turkish but no greek :)
just a college girl in delhi. hopefully gonna head daddy's business from next year :)
yess, i will.. jam piro? :)
l0l that made me smile cus i was like.."wh0 the fuck is callin me this time 0f night" l0l then its like, "0h, its jus my bruh" =)
yay! looks great :d and red.. so sexy :d x
i don't think he'll make it this year, he's not mastered french yet, then has english & finally #umbraco, maybe next year :)
follloowed :d
i am sooo unbelievably excited for fresh tomorrow!! :d except i need to get some sleep.. o.o no sleep last night & i'm waking up in 4 hours.
going to course :/ bye everyone :)
sipsip oh gtu klz 3...ywd dh thx y ud follow... :)
you have the cutest toes :)
has mad love for !!!! #girlpower !!! follow them both people!! females should stick together :)
haha don't worry i'm meeting you there :) have jbs seestur wedding tom.. tell gwerf hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
yeay .. ketemu and :d
#nowsending my spirit to old trafford!!!»«»«»«mine is behind you too :d
well they say they are opening the store at 0900, that leaves a 2 1/2 hour wait still :)
when justin isnt online, we can have a replacement justin till he comes back :) here he is ---> 웃 <--- hahaha
i don't know. just the fact that you wrote me :) <3 how are you?
hay hay hay :) when u goin onto facebook ? ? ? ? ? ? and lol wats wit the one word replys ??? loveyou xxx
osterreich? i'm so jealous, i miss it :( have fun :d
 @liltwist you guys should go live & tlk to your fans cause we all love you guys :)
all please follow and get to 10.000 ! he will go on tinychat if he can get 10.000 :) so followww now!!
lol yur still my buddie =)
thats ok, im glad you injoyed yourself :) its nice to c you back on twitter :)) xx
you. rock. (ed hardy stylin!) thank you!!! :-)
thank you :-)
thank you :) i love your username!
enjoy the game later! fingers crossed they can take advantage of the (fairly) kind results yesterday :-)
morninggg loveee :) aww gooood! excited :d:d xxxxxx
since you followed us can you please follow and help him reach 10,000? :)
teach!! we've missed you!! how've you been, lovely?! :d xxx (everyone to follow !)
i just have to say one thing! im wierd sometimes hahahah. :)
yes, could be now that i read the comment again. :)
v. jealous... have a great easter lads! (via < ldn lunch next week then! :)
lmao i love that its random :) i'm all good babe how are you? xx
when justin bieber's balls drop, all these girls'll go rt. off him. i will lol. :)
yeah hun :) ! cant be stuck indoors no longer! one day is enough
pick an awesome house! :)
all please follow and get to 10.000 ! he will go on tinychat if he can get 10.000 :) so followww now!!
his grandpa got it for him :) they are both little monkeys :)
i agree ^_^
thank you, enjoy your day :)
boo to jetlag. yay for sunset :) so cant wait for your blog posts when you return
6:20am in miami & it feels like its 75-80 degrees outside #f'enlovely :) {{gottzta luv that shiznit}}
anytimeee :) my names mitchie and urs? <3
u+i=69 .im good at math :)
#ff you are very welcome honey :) im good thanks :) happy easter to you too and speak soon :) bear hugsssssss xxxxxxx
qualifying went very well finally getting position 2 for 2moros start! looking forwards for the race... :)
ok people follow !!!! opal panisara is here !!!! :)
watching #doctorwho 'the christmas invasion' and just spotted the #uksa logo :)
fantisy factory :d
ohho.. u also mistaken. this is her official fan club not farah. sorry. but appreciate ur reply. :) all best 4 the year
somewhere in my heart :)
good, you? :)
:) why i like bukunya tea for two: membantuku belajar dewasa & brani speak up & fight for your right is so true!
everyone follow and i will give u 5 huge shoutouts!!!! just tweet me if u did! :)
i could train him! :)
just had some breakfast :)
im good thanks hows you? :) x
see u there! to reading fc's stadium today for a haiti fundraising event with :)
lol yea. you're the only one i know that has seen all those older movies i've seen hah. you're cool peoples :)
heeeee? oh bukan veee,jake maennya di prince of persiaa haha kalo titans ini si sam worthington :d they're as yummy tho!
will be launching a brand new forum on very soon :)
kk i'll put it on my phone :)
sureee :) later i'll do it <3
yeah can`t wait too! :d gonna be amazing ^^
i was looking for one to review... :d
1 more :) c`mon shotouts 4 shoutouts ??? =]
..why not? enjoy life whilst it lasts :) don't waste anything. >> you are so so modern #modernyouth
cool they told me you were collaborating with them too, can't wait to receive mine :)
lost na lot of followers agaaainnnn =)
hahaha. <33 i'm happy that we're on at the same time :d same here. (: any special plans for ur day? ♥
haha i wanna do another live podcast on account :)
i couldn't go back to my i....i....what was it called again? :)
yeah, bitches are cool, specially when they have swedish name when they're from germany and kinda german name when.. uknow :)
thanks lisa :)
thank you :)
gg. :)
him nowww :) he's a beauteee <333
oh lol putting stuff in the car to take with us :)
battery low! brb... :d
if you want more followers :)
if you're belieber follow me, follow u back & ill listed you :)
omg, you should, london is amazing, i wannahh' move there so bad! :d aurrgghh, i want to go to la too :) :)
those same friends later thanked me for introducing them to great music :) .. and i thank you for being the instrument.
wow thats so pretty :)
on the couch, in bieberville :d
just getting up time to get the latest magazine and yep it has posters of in that's why i'm buying it :)
i'm good thank you :) bad company were amazing last night. i love creme eggs :d
let's hope baby makes an appearance before then! all four of mine were late.. i bet you can't wait now : )
would love to see yous do something like what jls did on x factor with beatles.. ur back home tour medley was ace too :d
thank youuu :d
hee hee!! it's aftenoon here too!! :p how r ya?? :d
i've heard of it, someone i know is excited to see it :)
too clever by half you are! morning :)
followed :) follow back, please :d
i hope the rain hasn't made you feel worse lee! get better soon :)
happy easter to everyone and i hope you'll have a nice day! love ya, and keep on talking abt ian somerhalder :d
omgg. so shocked :d:d woah :d okay so i do. <3 how are you? :d:d <333
im good thank u :) how are u?
love the fact tht the umpires get some face time as well!!!! :d
cut my nails super short. :) they were getting in the way of my guitar playing.
you could probably get a bike cover in argos, but i'd go and get a decent one from hein gericke (boucher road) or online. :)
it's okay :) you kids have fun ;)
must watch paiyya nxt week... wait... before you conclude antything, i'll make it clear... it's only for tamannna :)
strange that both rr and csk have a lion in their logo..but one looks like a cub and playful..other cant shut it mouth :)
lmfaoo! you is sooo silly! ily2 bitch, you and yo wig is poppin =)
just find someone to co-own with :)
yeah sure :) whats your goal?
happy easter to you too! :)
goodmorning :)
french roast coffee in a diy french press. #430 :)
i hope that you are the one, if not then you are the prototype. =)
please sign this, it would mean alot :) x
& i hope you enjoy your last 2 days of the tour! show glasgow what you're made off! supporting you always! :)
:d thank u (?!)
haha! its bloody agony! just turned a nice shade of purple! lol. oh well will have to put my feet up and watch the footie! :)
is happier now :) glad didn't upset someone last night :d xx
good morning everyone!!!
this one is from my friend jan from michigan. :-)
sore :) pageeeeee!!!!rt pagi
sounds like we have alot in common! :-) the specials love to see them
im good thanx! suns out but the skies aint clear so im a lil haps lol! u? :d
yaay thanks, ur awsomee hun :d xx
adam corolla go to hell. :) watch your words first asshole dick sucker!
goodnight! i just dozed off with the laptop on my lap. i better hit the hay :)
today's guardian has an article about hand & eye letterpress (featuring tiny bon mots from moi :) <-- good work, dude!
rawwr thanks :) haha
finishing up cupcakes (buttercream) then making chocolate chip cookies, and possibly something else if i have time :)
i absolutely love this song :") #nowplaying "speechless" by ladygaga :) <3
hey mel! i'm maddie from just wanted to say that i'm a huge fan :)
=)
just adding some pics to the gallery got some sardine ones coming up :)
making nutellea sandwitchs while dancing 2 walking on sunshine in my pjs hahah :d x
:-) no probs. i rted so it's kinda i swore too :-)
=)
i feel...free. :)
i'll online yahoo messenger when im on in my pc ok :)
thank youu :)
thanks for following us :d x
beds calling me sayy g00night "why? i l0ve my tw!tter fam but the satin sheets sound 2 g00d : )
jordan notices everyone he has so many fans it's hard for him to reply to everyone :)
boring wrote to me :)
i follwed back, thanks hun :d xx
thanks you too :)
yay for veggies we're pricking out and repotting today too :-)
1moreee follower, til my goal. :d
looking forward to the match later stoke v hull come on the potters :) :)
raaawwwr haha im great thankyouu hbu?! :d aww thankyou soo much i finally found one with disney. haha so happyy :)
