please refollow me when you unfollowed everyone :)
thank you. :)
lol!! idk? wonder how many chuck-e-cheeses there are now?? hmm? :)
early easter pressie for my loves :)
hahaha indeed.. that is why i used it.... :-)
thanks love this town! :)
okay, get ready in 10 minutes! #indonesianeedsdemi .. who's online, retweet now! :)
you're welcome! thank you for the #ff :)
i'm good ;) whatcha doing, my sophie? :d
followed :) thanks u!
can't have enough :) my blogpost on simon singh and the bca: #singhbca #chiropractic #bogus
rt: if you get on your parents nerves, cause all you talk about is #jonasbrothers, #jonasbrothers, #jonasbrothers :)
ouch! it doesn't have to be as painful as that! for painless accounting, try :)
dude ahead of me watching knocked up. nice of him to share :)
these socks are fun, i need more fun socks in my life <- maybe that's your calling? sock maker? :-)
the truth will set you free and you will be free indeed. :)
bbs ly all :)
cool, i think i'll find some nice new pictures for my phone-photocollection on there, lol. thanks! :)
just had a video chat with my mum back home in blighty :) i love technology.
wheeeee starwars :)
hihiiy.. maapp bacanyaa telatt.. tp udh kn yah mas? :) di.. aga suruh angkt telpna dumz i want my saturday night
yes indeed! i always like winning an argument :)
me and my twin sister are on the train to glasgow to try and meet u and the rest of the x factor people :)
if you wanna be listed in a bieber list :) ?
off to get ready, love :)
q:hi ! how u doing? :d a:hey im doing gd hbu ??
this if you realised "family" has ily at the end of it :)
:)
dbsk tribute | listen now! | always keep the faith :) #alwayskeepthefaith
selatan boleee??? :d
please follow me! :d
lols ! this is all i do on the holidays, watch movies :d
she is indeed:) pn itunes search "demi lovato live" and its the live in london ones theres only like 5 but theyre so godd :)
thanks vickie...have a gr8 day.. :d
done churching. :) i feel blessed!
iyah . folback yah :) makasii udah follow :)
wait your freakin turn!!! hahhaa, alrighty! yoga time :)
heyaa :) aw cool! i was wondering if we had your twitters i was like we need the rest of the jeddy bears haha x
loveuash #sharpayiscomingback #sharpayiscomingback #sharpayiscomingback guys =) c'mon fans =)
yay i got one report done! the next one is cake and the rest of my homework isn't hard.... goodnight world :) i hope i wake up in 4 hours
wow! your vacation is so enjoyable to read :) haha cant wait for the next blog post ;)
good evening guys :)
so next time, don't call me. or. next time, i won't pick up. :)
sipp cee :) ok deh bii :) i shall watch it soon! :d
ask me anything :d
okay :d
bahaha ahh alrightyy then : )
so i won't be on twitter much today got to look after baby sister and stuff :)
goodluck :)
haa we wish. but i'm ahead of her, i'm winningg :)
oooops morning :-)
hey, welcome back xd im sorry i fall a sleep.. im very tired.. :d
jb again :-) waiting for the ipad
yeah, i did :) it didnt turn out the way i wanted it but im still happy x) lol
download-ing kingdom hearts soundtrack :)
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
went for a run. a good one in years. jeez. hoping to run a little longer tmrw. started off with jogging. :)
but i'm still proud of myself. :d
:d happy easter everyone... god bless y'all. enjoy ur weekend twitgroover... ☺
i think i'm going to change my bio :)
uh oh, enjoy :) i was there last monday, for about 17 hours only lol
i know. :) i'll be fine.
you'rev never going to drink again :-) how was smithsness?
what a nice nap i had this evening! now preparing for the church and the work it will take. :)
haha france is better than holland anyway so :p france; here i come! :) haha kiddin xx
you didn't reply to my dm :) for the cover you should do :) loveyou xxxxx
dallas austin blogs about mcfly. :)
bom dia ... trabalhandoooo 0... but thats ok :)
fact- on monday i'm seeing selena gomez live!! :d
thanks udah folback aku :d eh wan,pin  wwan brapa?aku mau reinvite, kmaren bbm aku keapus -,-
hehe :), y? any prblms wid dt? mobile web is equaly gud :)
#specialpromotefor-> <-follow them now :) they're my followers:)
i think #jonasbrothers and justin bieber should both be trending all the time :)
my wish for you is that your dreams stay big and your worrys stay small i <3 rascal flatts lots! :)
haha yeah :d its new xd i've just been playing around with the photo booth hahaha
i love one republic : )
haha doank, haha jg dh, :d halooo... hahart hy sist chikoet ! ! ! hdeh ney org2 pda ngomongin
congrats on your nomination! good luck on wednesday. and thanks for being my 900th follower. woo hoo! :)
i bet he was the meddling monk :)
dbsk tribute | listen now! | always keep the faith :) #alwayskeepthefaith
haha.. that was in response to cece thinking a sandwich has to have meat on it silly.. :-)
hehe but thanks for the pic :) iya kan si briga putus ama martin bulan lalu, nah trs tiba2 muncul nicole...giling tuh martin
watching hunchback of notre dame :) that quasimodo is one ugly fucker!
yeah that's a cool idea. if we make a flag and get it out there, maybe will get one too :-)
yang tadi tweet ke 10,000 yeay :d
if you wanna be listed in a bieber list :) ?
i see hope in my pi :d
<<< a few of my musings upon the universe, i think i shall revise them and also put them in google docs :)
i miss your voice.. :-)
off to croydon! :)
thank you so much ! you are the best :d
uk yourself? :)
just paid my globe line :) yey!!! :)
happy birthday to my pops! i love you old dude :)
nowplaying : just dance :)
& saya bantuin tuh :) hahaha
._. bsmellah 3laikom! hahahahaha hatha bedouin mashroums lol ?! eating fried 3arayeen :d
awesome link. thanks dude. id better be try later :) how r ya doing anyway?
i have a head ache but i'm in a goood moood :) talk to meee :)
the second repeat is exactly the print on a blouse i bought on thursday. pretty :)
