hahahaha! this is 'gomezarmy' i changed my username :)
thanks :d
haha, it is quite unique :)
yeah thankyou, jordyn! i like love him haha. he's amazing! i wanna meeeeeeet himmmmmmmmmmmmm! <3 <3 :-) , x
nice work guys, what's your link for fb? i'll fan ya up :)
actually no :d we can't fix it hahaha :)) <3
yeah you did. :d
thanks for the ff tooo :d
hey there!! :) where u been hiding?
i can also testify that fits this description completely also! not in the least bit conventional! :-)
have you ever tasted 'white chocolate' popcorn flavor? it tastes heaven! i cant stop munching them! :d
good luck lol <~ i know enough i just never had a whole day to practice, like today :)
i listed you 10 times :d follow back pleaseee
oh, :d and what was his last tweet about?
ceritanya sama dg percy jackson. :-) nonton clash of the titans. semoga jadi hiburan malam minggu yg menyenangkan.
at work 8-4 but off tmrw. sod the diet for a day! wish i was there! :) xxx
thanks for refollowing. listed you 20 times :)
four hours till my weekend starts! cant wait to meet up with my bestest mate geogie for girly time! :-)
aaaa not planning on leaving my bed today :)
thaaaaaanks :d
my all time favs :)
im gonna go see last song again today :d
whoops. lol, wrong thing. nvm.. nice site though. :)
thank you :-) happy easter to you! have a great weekend.
i bought this one. yay strong aussie dollar and buying vintage from small-time sellers :)
yeah, hahaha i think that too... really?? well,i'm a part of people that know :d gabriela and yours?
bikini car wash 11-4 da bomb in lithonia! then find me at cookout in stone mountain! =)
that is nice :) i can't really imagine how football in 3d looks...
this is reallyyyy good. did you use brushes for that? thankyou :d
the view out me and window this morning. :-)
sorry hope weather is better. tn has nice people i lived there a short while : ) have a nice day!
cute golden child! lol "http://twitpic.com/1cv9dd i like this pic of me! :) what you think?
or should we do 10 for 10? :d
adopt this philosophy & things will brighten up for you: “life gets hard sumtimes but its still good!”:) :)
"http://twitpic.com/1cv9dd i like this pic of me! :) what you think? // it's aight!! lol
my nan is a fucking pisshead. :d she'll call my house at 3am first thing she says "i'm not drunk!!"
goooodmorning! :d
oh no! glad he's okay thought i lost gandolf he took an elevator ride & followed a stranger. but he's home safe & snug :)
yah!that's a good idea! :)
evening :)
if you love #mileycyrus :) <3 ... #mileyforever
aww, really? how? hahaha :)
hey luv hope u and the little man r doing good :)
getting ready for my photo session this afternoon! :) junior boy, down at national harbor. also, first shoot with my new asst. brandi!
check your dm! :d
and i can't wait :d
being a black girl has its price. :) of course< no price everything free 4 u in my world x
ahhhhhhhhh! just watched the clip when matt smith was announced as the new doctor. crazy excited for tonight! let the legacy continue :d
you shopped without me????? :) i so would have eaten a cinnabon with you!
hehe...meio longinho pra vcs neh!!rss... ^_^
i'll list the next who follows : 8 times! :)
well i'm glad you're enjoying them. that group of men are really special. :)
that sounds really delish! i'm making a vegetarian ham, herbed biscuits, noodle kugel, and cheesecake napoleons. :)
:) why would apple co-founder need to stand in line? i talked w/ woz earlier and he says "cause the line is fun."
writing on a few new articles for and i love doing it :d
thankies for the ff's :) ♥
awsome and thankyou so muuch!! :) #mileyforever yeaah i hope that too! haha #mileyforever
oh , 's favorite song in my world 2.0 is up ?ehem, kita sehati justin!i like the beat and the lyric too :)
nyampe ancol juga, daritadi sih. let's have fun yo gurls! :d
shane1 & shane2 are differents cars one was x reg, and the other y reg! just did a quick search :-) x
calm restored. back out into glorious sunshine & word on the street is that utd are losing :)
haha ur really on some guerilla marketing shit bro....i will see what i can do :) take care
ciiinnn gw di sency :) we're goin to plaza senayan...
q:rt ''fuck your mother'' ''fuck u ugly whore'' // sorry but naomi only fu... a:hahahah yeah. :)
oh dear gods last night. :) :) :)
aww *hugsback :) but real quick, im going to unfollow everyone, and then follow all my followers back. >< iwontunfllwher(:
i am now. :-) rw called for a bit.
you should have taken me with you to rome! i love that place! i love italy :) next time don't forget ok ;)
gm tweeps! i was so exhausted from the sun last night i went to bed like 10!! but i enjoyed my day of r&r the fountainbleau =)
thanks for the invite dude. :-)
probably haven't been announced yet, just be patient :)
shoutout to :)
thank you :d for the beautiful comment :) and i hope me and kristy entertain you :p
:) yup didnt see you yesterday! :( cool if u had a good friday! me too i had a good friday, with badmaash company's promos lol
good morning to you also! :)
thnks for following preety , follow you back :d from canada?
you sure know how to find your way to my heart :) gtalk me.
wanna do shoutout for shoutout ? :) please..
ipad home delivery day. i have never seen so many of my ichat buddies available at 7:30 am on a saturday before in my life. :)
tweeps follow ---> can ya hook me up and try and get me 11 new followers? i promise to follow back :)
my wife looks at me strangely when i say 'i go places in my head' ... she must have the noggin doctors number on speed dial :)
i see... :)
awh, cool! i'm just playing gts, hahah :)
i can't wait to get an ipad to use papers :)
yeah, unless i oversleep :) dunno, i don't have an iphone...
i got hooked on te amo now, very much! fuck rude boy. lol, joking. :d
im awesome :) what are you doing?
ah evet buyudukce, onceden buyumus olanlar cok sasirtabiliyorlar insani :)
okayy :d u have facebook?
q:do you have any pets? a:yeah i have a dog and a bunny :d and a monkey called my sister...
who'd have thought one day you would be ranked up alongside scottie b + dr psycho eh... your mom will be proud :-)
pretty small class... just 6 ppl... hehe ... hope the sleep was good :)
thank you :) it's ..
yes what's ur goal? :)
hey hun! :d how are you?? (:
probably shouldn't mention i'm in bed too? *ducks* but i am working on the laptop, so forgive me :d
uh oh and #alwayskeepthefaith cassies :)
:) when i will read it i will tell you okay?
a sunny & 70 degree day in nyc :)
same to you :) -tay
