when i'm in london i sleep in my mums bed :)
are you spying on me? lol. yes i'm home, dry and warm and unfit. :-)
sama nal..»»»rt perfect satday with the simpsons marathon on fox channel :)
609-625...thanks!!! just need 75 more!!! :)
ask me anything :)
thanks for all the love & support :-)
going out with my friend katie today :d should be goooooood :] anyone wanna do shoutout for shoutoutt?
:) thanks!
nawwh, i cant wait till you move to sydney, you two will be so cute ^.^ hurry up and get here bish. :)
morning everyone :d xx
more to do! but thanks for the opportunity :) x
so thats 6 ill get u 4 more :) && u get me 4 more
i'll massive shoutout the next who follows follow now! :)
it's sweet spiced tea :) nero do a latte version and it is delicious. it's like christmas in a cup!
yes! this year definitely :d
,,,,@crazyfoxesmktg the vine-and you are conquering it... if you hold true to your name :)
i love the vinvocci. :) #doctorwho #endoftime
sounds like a good day : )
great :) happy easter hunny <3 :*
thankss :d xx
morning everyone! morning :d
too early! :) ~rt soundcheck at 6am.. cbs early show
i made a #jonasbrothers video. its on my facebook profile.. look at the link is there :) you can add me!
okey, what do you think of my icon? :d xd
apa ? awas lw ampe macem"rt i wanna give something for u :)
kamu ga follow aku.. weq.. i'll follow u. :)
ooh cool! :d yeah i really hope it doesn't rain!!
if you believe #jonasbrothers are the best rolemodels ever. :)
i might go pik it up, take it easy on me tho :)
lol!! good to hear!! who can resist the beauty of easter eggs, eh?! :d xxx
yeah welcome thanks! :)
hey could you follow plz!!!!!! heheh ol nmn u sa fb :)
as in gift vouchers? :)
buy me some i'll get them later :)
gah, no i haven't heard it! recommend me a tune :)
..site.wordpress.com as it's best you control. but no worries, method you use at the mo is fit for your purpose :)
ok followed :)
just met my big sis! gonna go get some food then hit the shops :)
it's 6:09am :)
catch me in islinghton and hackney :) or green lanes
hahaha.. nice :d naughty boy xp so what r u doing?
i'll massive shoutout the next who follows follow now! :)
and also good morning =)
thanx e :) <- yu my nigga ry!
heylo! :) thx 4 da follow!!!!, appreciate it!
i'm very sorry. what's your new goal? i'll get ya there! :d
me with :d i look like total shiet, but i think they're hotmazing. so i'm posting it anyways. (:
oh ok i thought you might've meant for it to be 4 next year :)
ha! yes, discretion and all that :d #secretssafewithme
i figured it was susan or romana, but yeah, rtd says she's his mum in the writer's tale so that's what she is. :)
if you actually love the part when justin is doing the baby rap :)
that was brilliant! :)
#nowlistening craig david the greatest hits album! udah seminggu ga ganti lagu di dalem mobil :d hehe.. ... #selebwatch
hey jordan :) i'm so glad that you like the picture that i asked you to coment ;) what are you doing now?
yes. don't forget the hashtag. :) tweet it to us, then we could retweet. :d
hotel chocolat chocolate is fuckin lush :) high cocoa content too
it's an amigurumi class small cute animals :) i envy your silk painting skills; your scarves are beautiful! xxx
sighs. me and need to school in all that is wawa .. *takes a sip of wawa rasberry iced tea* ahh. :)
i am yet to finish unpacking. i've set a deadline of tuesday. but, on the plus side, almost all of my music is in itunes now! :d
goood :) aww poor you, i hope you get bettter :d i'm greaaaat thankyou, what you doing?<3
maybe you jus over excercised your tonsis lastnite loool! << nah nothing like that, she wasn't that lucky! :-)
thanks :) you too!
yeah i like the #jonasbrothers ... the other one is just a daily annoyance :)
nice! whatever you get, you'll get addicted :)
in love with 's new song : )
ha! goodnight! :)
i have a lot of favs :d <--- their new album is so awesome n old one too...
:) i know right.
no not yet i was just getting excited for tonight :d lol
you dont know me, so eff up :)
everyone follow then follow there both amazing :)
nature is in us and opening to our deep humanity will lead us back to nature./ i hope so : )
ohh, you'll be fine. :) car boots are fun, & people are usually too busy (wo)manning their own boot to worry about others! :)
i cnt do that thats rude of me to say lmao i aint a rude person, but yea ima do that next time :d
if u have justin posters in your room :d x
on the phone until eyes shut :)
mornin :) need to go back to sleep thoo :/
ahh dont you think is just soo cute :)
photo: my jb witt jv :d im jealous !! ugh!!
moooeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhh get here now !!!!!! :) omg! way ova due! and yes god is more than great! its our yr! finally
ich find dropbox cool :)
g'morning xd i'm bored! hehe howa you? :) xx
oh not yet am gonna see him in october in manchester :) gonna be fun x
to a tennis player "love" means that you haven't scored as yet. how can sania's relationship work? :)
thank god, cops =)
thanks loh 40500 buat kak :)
miam <3 :d i like them
im in a really good mood 2day... nowun will mess it up! =)
that's a great quote :) reminds me of this teilhard de chardin one:
happy easter to you. how's little "easter bunny"? has he/she arrived yet? hope all is well. hugs xx and have a nice weekend. :)
hmmm well im not so good on thinking usernames haha :) well ill try to find one.
good morning tweeps! on my way to volunteer at a homeless shelter.... :)
i knoo i can't wait until yall come back :) def gonna be waayy more fun! follow me! & keep in touch i enjoyed yall soo much!!
today's guardian has an article about hand & eye letterpress (featuring tiny bon mots from moi :) ) it's in the work section...
who's gonna help us get to 9,000 by tonight? :) nothing is impossible jordaneers! :d
oh total joy and blissful bliss... am having english scones for lunch with cream and jam. it's the small things that take me to cloud 9!! :)
new post (finally) up! :)
nton lagi how to train your dragon bang :d liat film,kok gak ada yg sreg dihati ya?
thankss :)
i read once that it takes 21 days to develop a habit. i'm thinking of a habit to develop. a good one. (for a change!) :-)
