your welcome am from uk england haha :d x
congrats to for being the first ever artist to reach over one billion video views with poker face, just dance & bad romance! :)
oh, sounds cool! haha and happy easter to you ofc! :d
ebook twilight saga mauu?? percy jackson mauu?? tapi bahasa inggris loh ya? :d
just woke up. fell asleep on wennies bed. i hate when she takes all the blankets! back to my room.goodnight! :)
wh0 still up ? :)
hey sunny :) i am great, wbu.?
i can listen to dhanashree pandit all day long :) #tedxmumbai
smakin mrasa kl approach kekeluargaan & pembicaraan heart 2 heart itu lebih mengena dan lbh positif impactnya. oh wait, i am getting old :)
no problem :)
my glee at art plans is conjoined with me glee at your appointment! conjoined glee :d
my rather silly amazon review of under the paw has gone up :)
lol i love tweeting ahha :d x
5 hours later & i still feel all warm and fuzzy from the backrub :-) definitely one of my favourites! *twugs* from germany ♥
yeah you should! :)
you kinda hurt my feelings a bit. but good morning anyway, sweetheart! have a blessed day! :)
kareena's not on twitter yet :)
dont fall for any fake ones out there. we'll let you know when she arrives
<----- follow her plz she is a belieber :)
awww thats good enough for me :)
followed :)
but i'm back home. for food, sport and horse racing :) don't get stressed with the work! :) xx
check out (mike scott from the waterboys), he's the adjudicator :)
with hot lemon :-)
there goes my babyyyyyyy :)
i can just say the same too :) it's wonderful to know people around the world :) for me it's a godsend ♥
then i better apologize in advance for the openning sequence of the 2nd co-op mission... :d
oh, and not that glam, i'm limited by what i've got to work with. but i have a pretty dress and my hair's having a good day :)
it is... it'll stay with you. made me want to go to italy so bad... :-)
great. love iphone for photos when taking a camera either not right or can't fit in handbag :-)
can u follow back please? :)
r yuh serz??? :d hw long??**am out 2mrw..
:) i wanna hear some
sounds wonderful to go in the night :-) tonight at 12 o'clock we will go to the church & light the candles. the holy light...
: and you're going to give me the tipp :-) what's your criteria?
i'm good too :) are you having holidays?
well i'm a bit to old for it :d im 16 so i acc don't watch it ;d haha
yup.!jus chillin..and listening songs... :)
if you have pictures or facts to share, you can tweet it, and we'll find it. we'll retweet it. i'm not sure if i have enough to share :)
loook>>>> rt: haa. :l heyy sister :l xoxo == bahaha i love you both! oh and as well! :)
#jonasbrothers are... straight up amazing. i'll never stop being a proud jonai. :)
go with your dad :) i want to see you
yay tastespotting likes my lemon & white choc truffles :) i {heart} you too
it was my pleasure, mrs. musgrave! :)
yeeeehhhaaaaaa!xd 7 days more. countdooooown :d
i'm on to a winner with this pressure washer. they've used a mac for the website screen shot : )
love far side. and chalkboard manifestom. www.chalkboardmanifesto.com :)
take time out to appreciate nature and beauty of world around you :) #thesimplethings
thank you :)
q:ask back ya :) hehe a:wokeyy
q:ask back ya :) hehe a:oke
hello twitterland :) i said it before, but it's true: i love the clean smell of my flat, just wish someone else would do the cleaning for me
and <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<,, follow them and you will love them like i do! :)
if i wanted to cut my monthly earnings by 25% i'd rather burn the money itself :)
is gonna watch footie with me today then tats :)
makasiii yaaa :) get well soon ya casp
thanks :d
no problem my love :)
..because the pillows won? :d
back later tweeps :) xxx
thanks, i hope they'll follow. btw, i'll list you, please do the same thing too :d
been busy watching too much lost! :)
tryna pass out.. probably not gonna happen anytime soon...listenin 2 on the pod.. can't w8 to see him in davis :)
hey he needs only 200 to 11,000 ! #followfugative ! :)
eehhh! hahahart buka yg di acara tv itu... haha iyya.. kok tau? :) (cont)
loll thought so, nw :)
yay. i'm glad you're back to tweeting again. :d
hey jess :)
well, you must let me know, and maybe i'll be spontaneous and hop on a jet to the uk sat. evening :)
and so are u :)
morning world :) a day full of work and going to watch clockwork orange later, and smell of bacon isnt the nicest to smell in the morn.
sure :) whats ur goal?
u were on my radar......... i have all ur stats luv :)
i'm good too thanks :) wuu2?
your welcome . thank you too :)
:)
miley&mikey :) the perfect disney couple!
yeah shes an awsome atress :) hmmm; bieber / justin . lol rawrbiebernerd ?! :d
yeah sure! :d what's your code? :) xo
aww bff!!! we gotta chill one of these days!!! missed u tooo ! glad u came out! made me :d
me,please :)
you too :) have fun!
download invert#8 please , tx =)
im great too thanks guys :)
hello :)
huge shoutout to :)
future love! the only exception! <3 how about you? :)
i m fine. :) you? <3
hey..... shame =)
bom dia twitters :)
london :) aww i went to berlin last summer, was amazing<3
aye capt'n :)
yes, we won fedi! miss that time :)
waddee krub :) follow duay kon naka...don't even know who you are :d but i like ur name -- hahaha dai krub
indeed success is not measured by money, but by meaning :) [life] mvp: money's cool, but so is meaning
just to show support i think.people got pissed cuz justin was trending everyday :d
otm hachiko with sisters and my cousins :)
welcome! :) thanks!
i guess you've also been up working hard all morning while i was asleep? :)
lmaooo idk i wanna be spongebob hahahaha jk uum idk spiderman ? :d or wolverine ! :d
everyone go follow nowwww :)
happy easter to you. have a very nice weekend. :)
wohoo see u there ms hits! :d me..rt anyone going to hed kandi tonight? hehe
enjoy your morning :) xxxx
ah ha....gotcha!!!!! *singing* "you have a twitter, you have a twitter"...hiya ustream pal =)
i think she really would :d
im not a belieber or whatever. im a #jonasbrothers fan foreveer :)
wooooooooooozaaaaaaaaa went of with 715 followers. come on with 730 :d
i am 96% addicted to twitter from the majestic >> i'm *only* 83% which surprised me tbh :)
but the cosplaying is fun, and our booth has been a great experience :d
dmana na? salam yaa buat si arab hihi :) sushi tei with
wow that is early, so you must have summer holidays earlier. :)
done! and you ? :) #istock
ooooh urrrr matron lol morning :)
last ever saturday succeeded (ok, i did wake up early, but i managed to go back to sleep again till 10ish) nice! :)
lol no prob :) what u up 2 ?
if you want me to follow you :)
oh, it is absolutely fabulous now. job, house, crafts, dad. what more could a girl ask for? :)
can you follow me back please? :)
oooh! you'll have to take pics for me =) or i could just invite myself to yours to have a nosey lol
aku! aku!!! gratis? ebook twilight saga mauu?? percy jackson mauu?? tapi bahasa inggris loh ya? :d
sure il tweet u through my mind so u wake up :) x
haha thank you :) i'm guessing you don't have to go to school monday either? <3
honestly, i can care less. :) actually scratch that, idgaf, at all.
can i have a badge? :)
thank u soo much for 8,000 followers this is so amazing :d i love yall<3
thank you! :) feeling jetlagged but otherwise looking forward to this! hope you are well. have a great weekend!
:) great 2see u out! off 2my first election campaign dinner party w'darlo locals. 1st of many.any other offers?
zumba with on tuesday! :d
if you want a flirty dm from justin :)
...big smile n asked me "when are you going to have one?"... :d
on the train to dornbirn....tomorrow we will rock "conradsohm" yippie :)
i can't sleep at all; ahhhhhh. see you later :d
i am.. lol night night ill ttyl :)
just need to work out how to connect mine to wfc :) xo
aaaaayymin : ) sista, gettin better each day. praise the lord ^^ how r u? (cont)
your lips are calling me like they wann do something! c'mon you know it :d
wishing you a happy easter! hope you have a great weekend :)
ask me whatever, ill answer anything :)
followed :d
you 2 when you go :)
expensive is the word. they sell it cheaper now that it's off cny period. :)
ooh the hog roast and bbq is setting up :)
#twycle needs a female rider or two! come on girls we don't bite! :)
next time u must say hi! i dont bite, well not if i have already eaten! yes, was me in the orange t shirt :)
#true all boils down to kasumbu ya kikoloni (colonial mentality) *it's kasumba :-) *
agak sih hehehe di tatto bikin addicted yaa.. heemm..rt iya mu, dia yg bikinin.. :) (cont)
:p even more waiting lol. well, at least it won't be as busy on a sunday :) xx
thank you so much :) #tgis!!
only plan is to get up at some point, but that's only tentative :)
thanks man :)
omg we should totally coordinate scheds :p ayf, went to tokyo last '08 then manila last year. :) when in october?
i'll dm justin for you 10 times if you follow :)
emmmm/! its nyc but i wanna think of like sumthing very much cool :d so ppl can attract by my username ;)
download invert#8 please , tx =)
heey guys!!!! whaz up?? :d
moooorning everyone! i have a bad cold... wth! i still don't know what to do on monday... any idea? :-)
got some awesome presents from work and a hannah montana singing card :)
so waht are you doing ?? :)
well that just timed up wrong! you'll just have to go to the airport again sometime! =)
having the time of my life!!!! rocked it woooo wooo :) now its aly or fila one of em frm was sick!
g00d news . i made it t00 my 310 f0ll0wer . :) l0l
haha, i'm in a good mood, just catching up on facebook, you should check out the freaky pics i posted there yesterday :d
can i reach 1000 today ? i think yes ;) shoutout 4° shoutout :d
aussie is good :)
hey =) what u doing??
yeah, every summer + sometimes on christmas :) whats your name? :d <3
saya selalu senang follow yg kreatif & inspiratif :) stay in touch!
ask me anything u want. barbz, kenz and regulars :)
haha really? :] awsome well im not from berlin im from munich :) dont know if u know it. haha
nope! i know what i can do =)
me too :) ohh and what's your name ?? hehe <3
y'd isee ppl exercising on my way home && now birds r chirping outside my window?! .. #hitthehay!! it's 6a.m. .. lol .. g'nyt =) ..
lol :) we had 10 ppl&10 bags flying direct from singapore to perth with jetstar. 1 bag arrived, 9 took 4 days to get here!
he aint played it yet but he said hi old dirtie barbie lol =) <oooooohhh! yayy! i love ur brother :d
i will thanks for the reply : )
good morning :-)
wishing you a great weekend! :)
why? =) there cute
thanks, demi :) rt: thankyou:)rt 7007 for thanks, demi ...
want justin bieber msn ? this tweet and i will pick one lucky winner ! :) #estoniawantsjustinb
morning / evening :)
belieber is a tt??? oh guys,,,, u r very amazing!!! of course too :d
yepp i am! so hot! ... i watch that aswell :) yeah okay, what is your msn?
as we landed, i was thinking about the density of air needed to provide lift at any particular speed. not that i know numbers.. :)
=) just reached 100,000 followers! congratulations! we love you! ♥
what did you have? :)
rt:sherlock holmes :) #holmes
you are such a hard worker! its amazing :) hope u can rest soon. good luck #aloha :)
you're so welcome! i'm good! how are you? i'm so happy for you that you won! that is so awesome! i'm 21! how old are you? :)
can someone list me? one more & i have 20 :d
*hugs* i really enjoyed chatting with you the other night :)
yay tastespotting likes my lemon & white choc truffles :) i {heart} you too ~me too!
sexy photos :) also updated my gallery #photography
aww aww that's wassup. that's a good look in the streets :)
glad to hear, supporting you on that one :) fine here thanks, job hunting, but applying for uni in september!can't wait!
how are you babe ? :)
happy death to the crappy/spawned from hell netbooks day! :)
cool nice to hear thatt :) jord when you on on tinychat? :)
eeeehhhh, i like dat :)
oh! haha. :) he should put roland on his showbizzzz name. lol
