can you refollow me ;please ? :)
if you want me to follow you and u should follow me first :)
i'm live on webcam now! i look like shit but i'm live :d
effing brilliant :d
online how are u beliebers?? :)
most welcome, making the most of the p.c while it still works! :-)
klingt nice :)
add a girl who lives in korea name su yeon park : )
your welcomeee :) & i hope you do well :d
i like their japanese cheesecake :d
'such gup' in the friday times :)
what a great day to travel :) ptl!
this if you're on holiday next week :)
me too so no judging needed or done, lol. :)
i've decided that while i'm saving if i have to buy something i'm only going to buy vintage :)
ok thanks :) ♥
heh. looks like some folks on boards.ie have gotten into the #drummpost idea... (http://wp.me/pld9c-5s :)
rofl gf: have you been havin sex behind my back...(long pause) bf: who the fuck did you think that was behind your back??? :d
:-)
thanks :d
thanks haha :) its not gonna be brilliant but its the messages that matter.
fantastic! now i get to hear you twice in a week and finally see what tote is all about :)
haha! dope sold out! put a sign there > "make your way back to barsonic" its even more kickin' there. :)
twitter tip of the day. do not send porn to people unless you know they really want it :)
hooligans out on the 19th people :) !!!! make sure yu cop dats >> lets get it a trending topic !! >> #hooligans19april
time to get my w/o in 1st thing. gonna play a bit with my new brazil butt lift. catch u on the other side. :)
yep yep :) what time did you want me over?
chairs are good too! even in june, bring a blanket! see you next time :)
omg i only just noticed... eagles are in front woohoo! :d 52 to 50. goooo eagles :)
you're welcome :) xx
haha you rememberd!!! :)
refollow me please :)
moin moin =)
questions, please. :d
photo op! :)
post tweets to people the other side of the world even while you're asleep! then respond in the morning :-)
baha yeah ur right. i hate that so much lol. i'm always like ugh. delete delete delete baha :d
if you want me to follow you and u should follow me first :)
all my tweets are extra positive. but today i wasn't feelin it. untill i read tweets :) today is going to be a lovey day :)
my new icon :)
i'm not saying i don't believe you :)
trending #501carrotsformal in less than 30 minutes. triple s, gear up :)
it's okaay :)
i'm good. horrorhound was wild. :d
oh congratulations happy for ur family wow :dxx ye im lazy n >:( haha :d ldn? wouah its far from wales u shud have gone b4 :dxx
yeey, you have reached your goal! but you are still going to help me, right? :)
thank you :)
its the cold, not a hangover. honest. tesco just delivered loads of feel good food :)
hi mari! thanks so much for the #ff mention! so how are things with you? :)
*laugh* umm.. thanks? i think? :)
vintage sarah coventry...upcycled :)
http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=43907418
can you re-follow me pls? =)
waiting for to freshen up. believe it or not, ready na ko. :)
that's great! i'm amazing thank you :) ooc; have fun! :d <3
#infolimit limit if you care :)
hahah cool :)
webcam off :)
the subject of the dream...was odd... i'll dm it if you really want to know :)
#jonasbrothers are the best :)
follow me please :)
what r u doing? :)
we have to meet first don't we? :-) what kind of avatar would you like if you could ask what you wanted?
:well, it might all be true... guess u right not to want to find out :)
just followed ----> :)
haha kinda like me! :)
can u refollow me please? :d
happy easter eve! if you are blessed & you know it say happy easter eve! :)
are you branching out into survival essentials? :-)
you are pretty emma :) (@teamcyrus live on
in mortons, hummous and felafel wrap and a mug of tea.i am in heaven :)
you're awesome you deserved to get your goal congratulations :)
sure:) i follow everyone who ask me :d <3
pucha, ngayon ko lang napansin yung option sa tweeter. haha! inosente ako sa twitter. hello sa mga nag send ng messages nuon! :)
q:have you watch school gyrls? a:yeah :) its cool, lovee it
where did you get that icon? i don't want to use it just want to save it in full size :)
thanks for the #ff and rtl! hope everyone enjoys their weekend :-) bbl
that is so sweet dear :) thank u for the #ff
kalo misalnya semua followers kita ngetweet #indonesiawantsatl satu/dua kali aja, pasti trending topic. :) ayodong!
yeaaah we try :] so lets goooo tell people to !! :] muhahaha #mileyforever #mileyforever :)
right, off to this tonight at the london o2 arena should be fun :) <-looks like fun gig
i like those crazy little planes :-)
http://yfrog.com/2sxo7j
thanks for the :)
me and my sis made a random video hahaa :d
got my pic online, got my feed set up, think page is ready to go. welcome to my first dozen fans :)
doing 3 years of bioveterinary science at bsc(hons) then 4 years of veterinary science. i'm in private luxary acc :d
yep 12:45 uk time :) i'm so excited! xxxx
mee, pleaseeeee :)
i'm fine thanks, you? and thanks for the shout out :d
you're welcome! :d xxx
please refollow em :d
mee too.... refused the pub offers today, having a moi day :) liverpool is a great city, i hope you have a great time xx
have a safe flight my friend. do work! : )
lol! so finally you bought it? congrats! :d
yeah ... & look how yr ascension is panning out? screwed up economically, socially and ecologically :)
you dont really know if it's love, until it's over. :)
let's face the fact! some of their performers are not so good. si regine lang talaga ang naghahatak ng viewers! am i right? :)
ha...thank you. :)
shoutout to --->> :d
offline guys :) i will back latter ok¿ love you
just in pilates class il tweet yha when im done :)
