haha his songs are ok and all but i think the jobros are wayyyy better :)
damn! there's probably somebody out there getting on with it right now :)
cool! :) where are u from? <3
which episode? there are quite a few like that... :)
you toooo :)
wooot :d
you should get some sleep then, big night 4 ya!! really hope it goes well :)
that's a nice pic :)
if you agree every1 who call them self belieber deseve to be followed by :)
yes, yfrog video is fine except it does not playback on an anroid. but plays back on iphone and pc just fine. -twitvid ok :-)
it's awesome. so is dr horrible's sing-a-long blog :) lol
rap.. but i feel like on a good day with some autotune i can lol :)
so. the question is. to lament or to counteract with action :-)
you bet! :) the prob with youtube is that it offers more such songs & i struggle to take myself away. :) not that i want to...!
#nowplaying shallow beautiful people by :d oh maaan i like it
front row happiness :)
gee dad's being awfully generous today :d
<3 my ppl who came my 805 girl amber & leanne :)
haha parents it is then! i just ended work! yay! :d
hey edor, be good at your new house okay :d
i'm great, ta. what are you up to? :) xxx
yano your a fool when...you dont follow ! :)
okay so three are saying the 6th and says the fifth one.. 6 it is! :)
i want you to be at the shore of the ocean :d
gosh, #suffolk offers so much! enjoy :-)
ok, i'm headed to bed now. tomorrow marks my last possible late night before school. milking spring break for all it's worth :) #fb
morningg!! how was the gig last night!? :) x
yo! heard u played the green eyes remix on r1... thankyooou :)
thank you very much :)
i accept 'pay per tweet' .@jkleske i would pay to see you and fight this one out :) #ipad #openvsclosed
what we did today :)
goodnight, have a good sleep :) love u.
massive shoutout goes to : :)
coool :) what music?, erm juno?, i'm gonna watch it later haha. oh i'm just watching wowp and getting ready :d <3
going to london next monday. woo! :)
bwuehehe c yaa..rt wohoo see u there ms hits! :d me..rt anyone going to hed kandi tonight? hehe
yeah i remember it but i never watched it since it was just a photoshop pic they made :d
so, offered a new fx card for my bday. torn between gtx260, gtx275, or hd5830. mobo doesn't do sli/xfire. suggestions? :)
thanks :)
plans today? we'll be hovering around the house waiting for the delivery of the coveted ipad. outside of course :)
i'm sorry but bdjdudj haha :) go on tuesday!
this if u always dance whenever u hear justin's songs :)
hiya mr t :) xxx
sorry, "how to train your dragon". ->great tip, heard this was really good. thanks todd! :)
just got home from waterfall :) so cold!
i know :d squeeeeeee!!
i dmed justin for all the people who followed :)
hmm nothin muchh. just looking for a font on the internet and tweeting :d you?
i'm good too :) so wassup?
yes black socks... not that exciting :)
listed me back :) please!
yay nice new followers :)
what do u think about my bg?? :)
diversity tonight! :)
you're not on my nerves :d and ehm noo not that famous :d but i think everyone knows them from anubis ;d
lol...yea i know...smh..nd kool...i need u to comee cook for me :)
unlike birds i can't tweet that early in the morning :) why no tweets about your team. are you watching?
hi :d so nice to read u :) hope u had a great time nd ur day will be fine.not so stressful.when will u be in germany again?
taking a shower :d
haha come your 21st you wanna teach me to drive? :d
i want to win an ipad help me win one by becoming my fan on here pls rt, thanks :)
helep? :o lol, i'm fine :)
thank you :)
lol thanks :)
i added you on #facebook hope thats ok :) x
belieber on tt's wickedy wickedy cool yes we rule, thanks :)
good :d yeah i'm ok, still laying in bed :) how can you use ur phone at work? tut tut that's bad customer service. lool xx
great to chat today,big fan of sunset in la looks like our scene in #crackdown2 :-)
shoutout to: :)
hay there, i followed you back :)
heeey! haha :d
i <3 and everyone else who came to my show tonight! thank you all very much! :)
hey jordan :) i wonder if you remember me.
it's awesome :) thankyou :d
about to watch australia the movie for the first time. figure if it's no good, at least i get an hour back with clock change tonight :)
yes i love the pic of him too :)
there's a very mean doll in it which wants to kill me or anything which wants to kill me so i am often afraid :d
good morning, baby! pray for me as i work today, and i pray that your day is blessed too! i love you! :) <3
for people who will check the tt status, you can screencap and tweet it to us too. don't forget the hashtag! :)
#promcricket :) big day? what am i missing? <-- promcricket on 14/4 don't be fat for it.
can you guys tell me the website u used to make those e-cards, like the ones we did for hb and lil wayne ???? #freeweezy btw :)
i nvr felt the need of this as my work involves reading and writing about these same things. overload of content gives me choices :)
"crimewave" est ma sonnerie! enfin! crystal castles, nouvel album en juin! poooh :) #news #electro #sogood (via
thanks man, i appreciate your care :), i like you when u r up and working :) keep it that way.
happy easter to you and yours too, ali :)
hahah i dont have to call justin cuz hes already with me :) lmao
awwwww......so cute!!!! happy birthday! thank you for justin! :)
#jonasbrothers is still trending topic ! yaaayyy :) let's keep tweeting
so we're doing a basic first bithday theme in pink. shes wearing a tutu :) i dont know if you have anything to match for pops.*
omg who isn't following well if ur not u should so go go go follow kthanks :)
thanks i liked it. i'm currently addicted to anagrams (in case you hadn't noticed!!) :-)
catch me in islinghton and hackney :) or green lanes < or hacklington
i'm great, thanks. any plans for easter? :) xxx
yo nick...! how's u? i'll wear some t-shirts 4u if u like :)
good morning twiggas :) how are we doing today?
time to make yourself! :) feat. at tribute to incubus, hard rock cafe sunday april 4th, 5pm
neither was i. very, very average :)
i was too close to the stage when that happened. i interviewed him last summer and he's been my best mate since so back off :)
i can watch most movies over & over lol im seeing philip later so will talk about us meeting up!! have a good day m :-)
to young to be stressin like thisss 4realz ! butt no matter what ima =)
there's something wrong with my sentence but you know what i mean :-)
my birthday countdown: 16 days! :d
i had a pretty bad morning. lol but its better now :)
thanks for the #ff :) here's to a big win today!
yes i will twitpic it by tonight, for sure :)
hmmmm u dnt sound okay love whats wrong? talk to auntie tatiana :d keeping in tact? lmao wot u mean?
watch this covering bad romance's :) love it and her <3
don't forget coffee. always welcome coffee. :)
but i'm one ;) hahaha! :d
follow back? :)
thanks :) see you at our next one.
watching greys anatomy :)
liver :) you got a deck? can we meet up somewhere? haha :p
ok guys im just about to go to the airport now :) lucan here i come :)
haha co-own if you have got time but if you haven't got time its not a problem :d ♥
indeed :-)
whatssup :)
the other guys name is john and his last name is almost the same. :)
is rough today :( cmon chelsea!! :d xxx
duluan aja susah amatrt follow me :) thanks.i will follow u..
#promcricket :) big day? what am i missing? <-- promcricket on 17/4 don't be fat for it.
only 12? crikey. she must like it :)
if you agree every1 who call them self belieber deseve to be followed by :)
*nods* yeah, look. let's just spend as much time together as we can while we have it. *smiles slightly* :)
yeah i love that song also that should be me have u heard that one its really sweet :) did u know u would suit justin :)
hey remmy! :d
getting a time team fix while is away at hotel barnett. not making any progress on the list of jobs i had to do!! oh well :)
ohh i'd like to visite greece ***smiles*** i live in southen france next to lourdes i dunno if u know :d
ha! all my stuff is cc licensed now, so even if anyone can access it, it's legal :)
hope you enjoyed it! don't forget to tune into five on mon 9pm for more :) wanna create your own ff here:
saints are going to win, easy. good to get our percentage up early, like las year ^_^
nope, editing more :) i'll send the rest to your email? x
well, you/ he need to decide and let know if you want to come along as she has booked/ is organising! :)
shoutout to folowww!!!!! :)
haha hey :)
just back from #smcchn event! it was please meeting and listening to mr. naryanan founder of again :)
no catch just 1 item per person so look out your must haves & be ready! :) i'm dying for the missoni scarf! its lush #theoutnet
yes. #ugul10 was definitely inspiring, in many ways :-)
shoutout to my new follower ! =)
yeeeeez,,,, it's time to go home, dude !!!! wkwkwkwkwkkwk.... :)
yee i'm okaaay, hope yur okaay too :) x
i'll make a mental note to try it then =) will let you know how i get on when i do. how's your morning going??
your in a different demographic to me right now. i'll not be buying the first version of the ipad but enjoy! :)
new layout is looking fly ass hell bra..imma go home later tonight to upload those collabs =)
cool party time! aku liat di sini hehe iya dateng kok pasti! :d tau drmana??
yay! weather's rebelling against the grim forecasts and is really nice :d
whadduppppp ? :d
do you want justin's msn? go follow because imma pick 5 of her followers random and give them his msn! :) go go go!
nice. i'd have to say i'm pretty happy with them too :)
yay, y si, it has been reallyyyyyy good with the australian's so far, and i'm going outt with my cousin later :)
ok! :) let's do it! lol
thank you! =) || ur welcome :d
wow how time flies fast! now its dinner time :)
don't worry, take your time! :)
i'm great thanks :d
goodnight tony! :d
someone just told me to do something "right meow". i may be in love. wow i'm tired. were in germany :)
congrats josh :) am sure you were great :d
we should burn the book! lol. at least can keep african children warm for pure intellectual exercise :) of a different sort.
"is there a girl justins lovesongs are for?" .. "yep me" hah :d
yep its euston :) not going to watford till tonight, but that's where we're staying yahh :d x
cont. and :d #goblazers
thank you, tweetie pie! you are so wonderful! :)
yuuup(: omg i finally found an username with disney in it :d wohooo <3
as a neutral-ish its akin to watching hitler v stalin boxing match :)
yes!!! that was real! and not cool! i can't believe u remeber that!! :)
hah, my name is natasha :) kinda not swedish.. i dont know why, haha :d<3
thanx sweetie :)
yeah, and i am so grateful for each and every one :-)
thanks! let us know how that smiling goes :)
i dont know :d i wannaahh' travel the world :d but i dont like traveling -.-
list me :)
hello 4am-ers! how are you today? have you got your batteries charged? not long to go now! :)
ice fishing in the sun with beer :) | fishing 2 h, 02.04.10 on
i am a quality a-grade prime usa bi-sexual. :) promise!!
love yur shit!! :)
mornings are best when they start in the afternoon :-)
now at pvj going to perform at fossil's new branch opening :) anyone is bandung coming to watch?
then baby played on the radio, it can make the worst hangover feels better :)
congrats! thats a great mark :)
we will meet you will see you can;'t keep escaping me lol :) have a great day at work karen :)
thanks yeah still feel as passionate about f1 as i did when i started in 79, f1 till i die :)
mmm i heard thats goood :d trust mee, it looks alright outside atm tho, dno how long its gonn last tho smh lol "/
happy easter jim! :-)
unplugged for most of weekend xcept for odd irresistibe tweet (keeps me off the irrestible chocolate) :)
was only driving thru melton mowbray, so pie shop could still be there. just thought it'd be fun if there was one :-)
can you send me your photo with selena? :d
good word associations guys ^_^ the best one i got was "indie" haha. others were shapes. and then there was "hipster" lolol <3
listening to grigory sokolov's bach wtc bk1 best performance ever imo. what a start to the day :)
c'mon guyss! please follow my friend --> <-- he's nice :)
you're in a list -- usually i read tweets from my lists so i'll see you around :)
yeah i dunno. but whatever it was, there was a lot of it :)
lool neverrrrr, one look at you would turn any gay guy straight & i can get free mcflurry's round 'ere :)
i only unfollowed coz you weren't following me :)
wordpress 3.0 (beta) released try it if you are brave :)
#omgthatssotrue the #jonasbrothers are the best :)
*sniff* aww, thankyou! :-)
been a while, hope you're good? :)
sejuk disini...he3..rt panas nggak vi? he2 :) live report for indoprix 2010 lsg dr (cont)
