omgash, i luve ur bg could u do me one too ? :)
s/o to 4 da steak n eggs early as hell dis morn i swear whenever he hangs wit he comes home doin crazy stuff. :)
thank you, karriann. :-) :-)
thanks sista :)
okay, followed :)
ooh! only just read your itouch wpa2 tweet congratulations! :)
im from germany & wbu? :)
exactly we only sell good quality :) did u see world cup boxers?
the chrome browser can translate peoples tweets :o awesome :d
dont you just love how is always a tt :d x
aw! parabens :d weeeee!! *chuack*
i like carlo's new haircut :)
possibly going jazz festival tonight. family stuff/cycling tomorrow. all dependent on weather really. have a good one! :d
:) she's gone to buy sutten & i wana see if they got my kg boat shoes
who also was good and didn't eat meat yesterday? :)
baton rouge :) to see my god-sisterr
april 19th :d
hahaha yay!!!! :d ur one of mine to :)
having a really good holiday :)
can i get 620 followers todayy ? :d xx
imma need to come back from russia soon... :)
good morning twitterville. i'm going shopping today for birthday/easter gifts. will test the new iphone app too! :) #fb
good luck , although you be do just fine :)
england :d you? x
thanks for mention :)
good morning :-)
yeah you should totally come here. and meet me! haha. how old are you btw? :)
good morning or evening :)
i have a warm fuzzy feeling inside :)
thanks so much for the rt! have a great weekend :d
helloo guys :) whats happening ?
i loved the now show's analogy of protecting farriers by forcing cars to have horseshoes :) #debill
did u ever think of making a "chat" i need ur help...my skool friend came up with this idea,my chat :)
:) help me obi wan kenobi. you're my only never mind. batman's here.
lucu neng hito...hhehehehert watching up with my sisters :) so cold here, we have to use lotsa blanket hehe
arent you always first at everything?! :d
=) thank you
should have his own tv show, clothing line, and doll like a barbie or ken, u know? :) if you agree! :)
mmmm, omg, they kook delicious. i bet they'd help keep me awake, too! :d
the same ones that i emailed you about :-)
thanks very much! :-)
loool arrrrh from that game cant no1 say nothing about almunia ! #bossman, who u got to score goal ? opposition ? loool :)
samee! i love joe :)
if you need to avoid them. try the "foursquare" for ipad check-ins we threw together. :)
the guys who has gertmy gets tomorrow a shoutout (orsomething) promiss :)
i'll bbl. about a half an hour. :)
hello! she waved back and said you looked very nice. :)
yes. buy me a bus ticket. no...a train ticket :d
ran with my mom, who's just started running again :) we did 2hr 39min. very stoked for her.
if you wanna be listed in a bieber list :) ?
okaaay back :)
please follow me. thanks :)
mu chelsea starts! match of the year di epl yg mungkin menentukan juara liga :)
yaaaaaay :d we're efron freaks yoo yoo :d haha i love youu <3 #mileyforever
researchers are saying that flip flops are indeed the healthiest sandals for yur joints and feet...so that means yall can flip flop away : )
is dat senorita? :-) haha is dat david guetta? :) upcoming week guys;)
once again we have you to thank for socially conscious, intellectually pertinent information. =)
yeye am all alright :) wts the plans for today
he who laughs last thinks slowest.--that's more like it :)
:) i love waterlooo road :d i have a t.v mag and it says that it starts with rachel rescueing a pupil from a caravan thats bout to blow up!
please refollow me :) pls
goed zo! have fun! :-)
have eaten lots of tasty but not partiularly healthy food for the last three days. looking forward to mega-salads and home made bread : )
now my bb is officially back, again. hope there will b no errors again! so add me: 26262ece :) appreciate it!
please refollow me :)
hahaaa!! awww i guess you're right..well hope it goes by quickly so u can enjoy the rest of your day <<better? lol ^_^ x
i followed you as soon as you followed me :)
3 more, help for help? :)
okaayy let's play gts :)
haha most of you said all there songs! :)
my ultimate favourite is please be mine :d
[rt] who wakes up2 #startrek n the morn & loves it? meee :) [via queshia] <thas y we r cool not cuz of the trek but bcuz ur obviously a geek
i have lunch back later :)
thankyou :) i wouldnt fight with a miley fan :)
hi ladies. welcome : )
please can you all follow he needs to get to 18,500 followers. :) even if you don't know him please follow him! <3
can 2 of u liste me please ? :d
apt by jk cement bikini girl :) rr = royally raped #ipl
the big email from cabel. "noby, kenichi, don’t worry. mike and i will go to fedex immediately."

ipaaaaaaad!! :)
11 more :) pls help?
it was probably then, i figured probably. well im glad you do :)
i <3 ur quizzes :)
how buy are you reading pcalc my article? :)
i see. i think the $1 steps are helpful. i think if anyone knows micropayment psychology by now, it's apple. :)
isn't that convienent :-)
thank you! :-)
guys, this is what you call a dot ball :) #ipl #csk
yes we did! haha okay, what's your channel name? :)
jedwarddddd, just seen you inside the hotel :d have a good show xxx
fuck you....gimme some...who you with? :) or are u pigging out by yourself..
thanks for the advice. i'll be sure to ask my doc next week. :)
#ff ---> :)
yessss! :)
right, who else is coming to the sharjah tweetup? well, border of sharjah really :)
i've been planning to do both. walk in the morning and listen to classical at night. i just never schedule it :-)
if you are going to go and see remember me :)
mini egg mini breakdown in supermarket. they are sold out!! no way?! on another bakeathon today but got the big fight to watch tonight :)
i'll bring the mexican lasagna. :)
folllowd =) hope u do the same
that actually looks pretty good aswell... either would be good :d
fly fishing yesterday on eyebrook reservoir, a few rainbows on buzzers and montanas and flyfishmap stickered the lodge & tackle shop :)
oh! which lanolips did you pick up? would be so happy! :)
ahhh.... lovely :) in my dad's van with my laptop :)
twitter's like a tummy tucker around an already small world :)
big up the the new followers!!!!!! lets get 500 by 2nite :)
everyone follow ! :)
heya, ge , wassup :)
should have his own tv show, clothing line, and doll like a barbie or ken, u know? :) if you agree! :)
thank you! :)
huge shoutout to >> :d
at hawaiian bbq with the fam. :) thanks for the idea :)
offline. maybe tweet on mobile :)
haha lol! i love pasta :) how old is your brother?
lmfao you gave it to me a few weeks ago : )
:d
not anymore have cut it and color it. go down to mid back and reddish hair. :)
aww =( well perfect timing, me nether :) im going to finland! but ill be on once in a while&ill check so no1 unfollows u!
ooohhh! i knew you had a baby coming, didn't know when! :)
pssst its now saturday :)
hold your horses, i'm still writing this one!! but... i do have thoughts for a second one..... i love feeling like this!! =)
ah so you checked your followers or what? :)
run perfectly on onyx so far (2months) :)
need to get ready. going to audition with my mate cos im supportive like that :d then right back home to lie in & babysit. period pains fml!
good morning :)
i really really need back on my desktop. any hopes? :)
lol man u against chelsea :)
thank you :)
please vote for me on fb :) "save water for a greener home"
you're welcome! glad you were able to apply smoothly, and for the system; it happens sometimes when there's load :)
have a great night! time for me to attempt zzzzzz :)
ready to go live on tv patrol now...the crowd behind me is starting to swell...boracay rocks!! :-)
i want it too. the interview. :-) rych, working on the stuff this weekend. have started
you can now go see my stuff on :)
http://dribbble.com/players/moitah
not really... :-) it will come when it comes...
congratulations :)
thank you :) hope it is going well you still want to put all them up on your wall? :) xx
wow thank u yaa :d ---> this is my potongan kue pertamakuuu untuk idolaku hihi
follow my friend <<< only 12 more til 200 :d help her <3
just realised that i've been looking at my laptop screen for 20 minutes and haven't done anything constructive. time for some revision :-)
not for me, the ipad was released today, so my timeline is going crazy :)
7 more followers? :d
hahaa yeahh :p mine is whats yours? :d
just testing something out... disregard :)
\m/ 616166...looks like a tennis match score... :) #ipl #csk
you can find all the xfactor dates here :)
#isthataproblem if i ♥ to tweet until i win the apple #ipad from #123rf.com?""nope, i just want to know the rules before i tweet." :)
is not buying any shoes from dune and they didn't book me. :)
kay i think i gonna tweet part 2 :)
i just realized a typo-o. i think this message was for you too :d (in case u didn't see it) -> re
lol ya too nuff alright rasta i hear yuh :-)
yes siree! love hell beers, and this one should be all the better! :)
ice cream is very yummy. u want ice cream? bahah i'll give u some :d
gary neville you fish face let malouda run :d
its new doctor who day yipee :-)
if you think i wear too much make up, not being funny, but its my face, so get over it :)
i wonder if there's a market for femdomcom? :)
and we all love you :)
off out with my girlies time to buy new clothes and off course some more jb stuff :d
eveyone help me and to make this #mileyforever a tt we started it and now help us :) common miley fans :d
#justinbieber is our big star!! #thisissotrue :)
am i tweeting from april 2007.. whoa :)
:) thanks a lot..have a great day ! ::)
must see :) #imrs
sounds like trouble to me! :) #geeksontheloose
anyone else got iphone cos need some help xx me!!! :)
both? :) :) aj m n vei acha mood..
that's the way twitter works. unfollowers are most likley spambots anyway :)
wooord!! just finished writing gonna lay it down later and post tommorow. feels gud venting :)
i got the winrar thing :) okaay thanksss <3
sad that it's the last day of whistle down the wind today is one of the nicest stars we've had :)
g2g! gonna eat lunch :p bbl, byyeeeeee :d
i hope i can meet #jonasbrothers someday ? amen :)
if you wanna be listed in a bieber list :) ?
ask me anything formspring.me/taylorobsessed, i surely am gonna answer :)
morning! off to work i go :)
awesome :) . gts "you left without a single word
not even sorry
it might've hurt worse to hear you say
i'm leaving, goodbye"
thankyouuu :) #mileyforever ;) rawwwr can u pls help make #mileyforever a tt?! :d me & started
gosh, sophie, i will :p lmfao :d <3
:waiting for the picture =) hope your day is good.
fuck. off. :d
ipad home delivery day. i have never seen so many of my ichat buddies available at 7:30 am on a saturday before in my life. :)
my brain cells decided now would be the time they declared mutiny... i'm like my dog-watching thoughts... :) good morning everyone!
heyy! ur followed! :) <3
lol i was soo confussed u ok :) x
omgg your such an amazing singer! please follow me<3 is my sister btw, :)
happy easter weekend :-)
i think i just brought my own back! :)
tis very quiet on twitter today... maybe i should join the masses and do something more constructive.... naaah :)
<-- follow now! :d
what you say is true about times group. but definitely not loksatta, express, sakal, ibn lokmat, hindu, ndtv. look the +ve side :)
:o let get 120 more followers yes?! :d
follow now ~~~~> <~~~~ shes really nice and sweet :) if you follow her i'll give you a shoutout just tell me if u had done so <3
omo :) i super like cinderella sister :) moon geun young is kick ass
i ur titanic tweet. ha ha i wonder how it wouldhav ended if jack had got on the door :)
if you wanna be listed in a bieber list :) ?
nathandevonte at least one of my followers knows about 'return of the ankh' ...ma nu nu shit!< just ordered :) <amen!
bro, my mrng cricket match pics are on fb. have a dekko :)
i lead a sheltered life! thanks for link :-)
did you know i starred in papillon? :)
unfollower again?? so i got 8 unfollowers today! ur so nice unfollowers!! love u with all of my heart :)
doing accounting with us has never been this good. try for your accounting needs :)
