you must all follow > , because he's simply awesome and replies to all of his fanss. :) #welovejordanjansen :) 3
you're welcome! it's our kinda style. marilyn was awesome. :)
i think is happy in a magical wonderland. :-)
yeeeeey... get lots of piccies for me!!! :d you're going to look like such a princess!!!
ahaha must be good to see your family as well though :) how long are you back home for? xx
you should get a tshirt to wear on your birthday: "aids free since 1988" :-)
if everybody thinks your obsessed with justin bieber! :d
nawp. i live a few kilometers away. but i often go there. you know, malling :d lol. friends? twitter friends?
cmon! i saw them :)
i'm learning arabic :d u macnuff lol
you must all follow > , because he's simply awesome and replies to all of his fanss. :) #welovejordanjansen :) 2
are there any other types of apple fanboys? :)
whats honey in spanish? :) <33
hehe cool! great to hear :) xxxxxx
too much time on yur hands young man, idle hands and all that, good day to you, happy easter :)
ugh i woke up early again..praise the lord i woke up though :)
when i went to bed #jonasbrothers was trending and it still is :)
sadly, toe is no better. i fear i will be returning to work in trainers or slippers at this rate. thanks for asking! :-)
(:q <<-x its a hat with a feather :d
thanks! love your default :)
urrrm, id just like to say #goodluck to your team today ^_^ gunna need as much luck as possible ! ha #thatisall
it's mostly wishful thinkin'. =) i love finding money i never knew i had ;) #omgwhoknewthat
you must all follow > , because he's simply awesome and replies to all of his fanss. :) #welovejordanjansen :) 1
boah. mental hospital? yes. i'm freakin' out here. :d
its great :)
can u follow me back? :d
is stay, is'nt it, justin?? bahahaha :d or u're busy... ((: #ilovejdbieber
okkkkkk :d aww my brothers just got himself cardiff v swansea tickets for later on thank god we aint goin cardiff 2day be riots
"if i could vomit right now, i'd do it on twitter. good night world!" "lmfao!! just left cozy's..... =)
actually, that's a rather sensible idea! i shall get to that in a few minutes :d
boring old it nerd cum manager. evangelist for all things geek, though. :)
thanks for your sms and tweet boys and girls. see you tomorrow with at 04.30 pm. may the forve be with you, all :d
put a firewall...never mind :)
looking up fancy hotels in savannah. can't wait to get married and spend a few days down there. :d
how many others are there? surprised you didn't hit best buy in manchester :) wish i were there
all access :)
if the foods good, use as many as you like! :d
that's lyk de best skill ever :-)
manila traffic starting to build up again :( but yey, that means people are coming back to the city! hello again, social life :)
if everybody thinks your obsessed with justin bieber! :d
mornin all! now a lite breakfast before working ut with my sistas =)
by the way, please follow my account :)
---->>follow him because hes is so nice :)
mee too, i don't think she is gorgeous i think she is just normal theres nothing special about her :) x
says it's true, i'm feeling better now. hope it would last. :)
u doing much this weekend? :) & looking forward touring with ndubz?
i see lol :)
(; im thinkin of making a back up acct of bieberholics. should i? :)
i love ya'll :)
my dad is a fanny. he made two bacon rolls cos he thought was here. now i feel it's my duty to eat both :)
thanks. you too. have a great day vivien! :)
what kind of phone? you should google how to turn it off :)
afternoon my lovely :d rt: morning all :)morning bighead ....
great sgu ep!! i can't get enough space battles. :)
well thank you my dear friend :)
where are you from? :)
q:10. ask back yeeee :d a:okeeelaaah
up an at'em! work alll day today *deep breath* and lots of coffee :)
you're welcome :d did you like it ??
would you hurt me if i said i have never owned a mac product in my life :-)
i love it :) also not sure the other thing is something thats 'tweetable'?? bit personal, no? just sayin... :)
no you dont :)
/milkshake. hey ^_^
is it working now? :)
this is our 4th easter making pulled pork instead of traditional ham. it's in the slow cooker now w/ liquid smoke :-)
can you please give me a shoutout? :) thanks i will give you back jord :d
wooow loveeeeeeeeee the bg kareena looks great :d xxx
happy birthday to me..39 today sigh. > happy birthday you young person :-)
things are up and running smooth now.. back to checkin/checkout/merge/delete/add :)
now listening to same on spotify :) chooone
certainly are. only saw them for the 1st time yesterday at #edcm. love them. they remind me of :)
waiting in line for my ipad. :-)
loves her, i love her >> << so you will love her as well! go follow her now! :)
haha awesome! same with me :)
thank you :)
ma petite is too kind, after she did her easter egg hunt, she told me not to look & then hid eggs for me to hunt for. too cute :)
probably safer to keep your iphone away. i-can-turn-on-data-roaming-for-ur-trip-abroad :d
anyone there? i'll return each shoutout! :)
kenapa kamuuu? smileeeeeeeeeee :) happy saturday tweeps! i'm not happy, totally in pain :'(
so sry! wrong link! this one :)
oh hey! so fast =)
selfish :)
of course!! haha.. thats good :) haha no drinking atall.. maybe! lol xxx
lmao ! i'm going home soon =/ so hopefully it won't do it at home :l but then i can talk more :d woo ! xx
shout outs to my new followers and : )
yeah we do :) haha i would say msn but i'm at my dads till monday :p
hope you'll have fun seeing her. good luck. :)
fuckin dooo it. im going through it all again sunday :) and yehhh i just want them to be american tbh. shall we go?
:) "do what you can to do what you ought, and leave hoping and fearing alone."thomas henry huxley
you're welcome... :-)
put ur hands up ! coz justin is awesome :d
nothing u ? :d
happy anniversary guys :) xoxo
part 12 ist fertiig :)
yes, but still loves you and will miss you :-)
well user access will not be got to until i work out how to friggin submit this form. don't ask. head and brick wall come to mind :)
yeah, it will be interesting to see how far up the grid the mclarens and ferraris can get :)
have fun and behave :) xx *will do babe see u when we get back!*
hahaha. namanya geng 'stage and property crew moulin rouge'. haha :d
me? i didn't spend 2.5k la. did. :-)
