youtube graduation speech by a student- average is the new exceptional! hilarious :d #graduation
thx for the ff!!! :) btw, is sean on twitter/facebook? forgot to ask.
hahah :) i put it in my bio
goodnight :)
hehe :)
this one :)
bit of fun is always nice :) what you up to today hun?
ikutan...don't stop believin' &queen somebody to love imagine name your favorite song on glee ... :d
i know i love justin bieber guy fans! <3 imma girl fan but i think there needs to be less girl fans and more guy fans :d lol
hey girl things will get better ..... :) hang in there
bahahah yeah that would be funny :d
high times :)
there are apps to do that! :)
actually nothing but cooking greenstuff for salad :) you?
haha :d .. just music and you babe? :d
hey :)
was machst du :d xd i cant remeber in swedish too haha but i am reading a other storie haha u?
no, trying to get them all to do wmpc :)
ok guys i'll see yall around -- i got sleep to get -- then some time to give to --> <3 good morning/night :)
you eat a dick rude mf :)
#nowplaying copy cat :)
bus yaar playing with my niece .. blocks chal raha hai :d
6 it is then :d
at least 4 the dick picture the "what do u want" question is easily answered :)
yeahhh , i guess :)
who wants to do 5 for 5 ??? :d
morning every1 :)
aw thank you! i'm honoured :)
ohh yeahhh belieber is a trending :)
thankyou :)
okay. i want lcs and vcs since it's the same location on 3 and vc. :d i have an sa cd but idk where the hell it is.
it's going well, i have about 20 pictures out of 85 so far :)
have a good day andrew :-) xx
yes, don't forget :) are our clocks goin back one hour? can't remember n wanna do em tonight before i crash
i will tweet later! :d <3
and don't forget you're birthday cake :)rt tonight dude !!!!!!! bring your party hat =)
awesome :) good luck i'm sure you and miley would make a great couple :) btw what do you look like?
ill dm justin caitlin n sean 40 times to follow/dm or notice u if follow :)
seems liquorice has been a bit a nostalgic hit with people this morning! works well with pork belly too i hear :)
when's the match? :) i mean, what time?
haha. yeah!! :d
hey :)
i'm good :) i made it home yaey! shower time then bed! girl, you better look the road lol
hope so, don't like you being poorly. i'm good thanks :-) x
when you follow your love and joy, you are in tune with your "purpose" that is so true hemel :)
when you follow your love and joy, you are in tune with your "purpose" that is so true hemel :)
awwe yeah i like that song too :)
advise suggesting thst xylophone is transfered to grandparents for use when there...works for us :-)
its not!! :)
ian: "what a beautiful neck", nina: "awwww yeaaaah", paul: "i think,i'm unnecessary here..." :)
it is sunny now :)
oh okaay. cool :) so you have dance lessons every saturday? yep, 6.15 pm :)
*ding* coffee is done! now to select a cigar to go with it :)
yeah tnx :) so... when should i send it ?
thanks :)
oh...oops ok, haven't got there yet :)
to be honest i wasn't really looking, but they seemed pretty cool. :)
right i'm off to bed! night people :) *sets clock an hour back*
thanks for all the #ff love :)
muah! :) <3
i'd love to do the dubbing myself :d
yes, def one of my faves. :) love that movie! #nowplaying prince of egypt.
i just dropped moms straightener in the sink when the water was running. somehow the plates landed around the water and it didn't get wet :)
#johncena on true jackson vp on nick april 3, 2010 aw look at keke she looks tiny next 2 him lol =)
kings of leon, only by the night has just become my official soundtrack for easter 2010 :)
heyyy jord! i make some photos for you!! :)
have to go out now and its peeing down. gonna get wet! hope your day is good too j, catch up later. :)
oh yeah, some people are morons. it's hilarious! :)
oh no way u design too? i dint know! :) do ur thang mamai got some work to do but i cant b bothered to pull out my sketchpad
i will try jettison and xstreams also i'm desperate :-)
danke =)
and yeah can't wait to see the race tomorrow! should be as good as last weekends if its raining again :o :)
hahaha :) thanks!
ah :d i have got tumblr too :d yea im a chocolate freak x]
ok i said i wasn't gonna tweet but i just gotta say and are the most awesome couple ever.. i'm envious :)
life is a game!! break the rules and enjoy the moment every now and then #quote from lozza :)
funny pictures: yahoo answers :d
awwwww aint that sweet of u 2 say :) :o how comesss!!!! hook me up man :p
"a simple act of kindness, could stir the widest ocean" :)
awww thankyouu :) so that was the last username change. haha
rsvp for bangalore photowalk plz rt! :)
camgirls view watchmexx: i wont let u be boring with me ,here u will find ur dreams come true :)
this if u always dance whenever u hear justin's songs :)
put me down for maybe :)
goin to town with the girlys soon :) ilovemygilrsloadss <3<3
hi<3 can u give me a shoutout please ? :)
ohh yeahhh belieber is a trending :)
the only reason i like the new youtube is because you can see how many people faved/rated your video! :d
night ... night ... night ... (echo due to distance away from you) :)
no problem. :)
yes it is. :)
hehe, ive eaten one of my easter eggs already :d
rtd always seems utterly lovely if a bit of a twat about things like this. :)
sooo i had a great girls night :) i think it's time for bed.
me too roll on april the 24th :)
help out hungry children. donate $24 & feed 60 children a nutritional meal! click link on right, & "feed the hungry children" 2help. thx =)
q:which is your favourite jb song ? :) a:one less lonely girl
# for people who will check the tt status, you can screencap and tweet it to us too. don't forget the hashtag! :)
#ted #video: adora svitak: what adults can learn from kids :)
naww babe!! i love u so much, im gonna miss u too :( i wish you were coming with me.. illl try to tweet u if i get wifi :)
