thanks! :)
my motto is "mtv doesn't care about vjs" everything is about the web now... time to get tweet talk some sponsors :)
trying to get 3ooo followerss. :d <3 and you?
hmm, is the king of mac-ninjas what's your excuse for early-adopting? :)
haha thank youu...i think u'll get one... :)
sis, i'm wonderful. enjoying a beautiful morning in nj. it's nice to be home on a saturday morning. :-)
haha if you're anything like you were on the phone i know we'll get along just well :)
im a have the cutest nephews n nieces .. n be like "aunty kazie loves you.. now shut up and pass the blunt... :d "
thank you for the #ff =)
a week since i joined twitter today :)
good :)
im okay thanks, quite tired tho x) <3
wuu2?
okay, ate an icee, laying down before the big move today. good morning. =)
in case you're wondering if i know what i'm on about, i have spent many work days using your ui over the past five years :-)
gee, is up tweeting a storm. i hope she sees this and tweets me :-) lol #groupietweet
for those of u attending anugerahitz / watching it on suria / tuning in on ria 89.7fm.. have fun! =)
:)
hot cross buns! for you! :)
want!!! :d
awwww thank you so much =)
danke dir, süße :)
great stuff, though mil doesn´t sound impressed :)
watching at home. just got byond hehe :)
let us rejoice and be glad :)
hold on something is missing :)
i just sent fleets number to your phone :) u are probably throwing up on it!!
if you want a shoutout :)
thanks for listening :) #nowplaying yesterday and the morning after seems like yesterday
melason in da city, true story ng promdi heart starting on monday na 10 am :)
nothing better to do today, i might aswell go lakeside later =)
no ones in my houe.. music full belt. :)
ah right, i see :)
goodnight :)
thankyou :) followapapun
thank u anggila :) thank you, oma cullen! happyeaster
is making the coffee. :-)
'there's no such thing called business ethic.what exist is ethical person doing business'&what they call it? :)
not at covent garden market today due to some last minute problems but will be back soon! go check out the other lovely stalls :)
looking forward to getting my hands on a shiny new ipad today. stay tuned. :-)
hey so ur from finland right ?? :d
thaaank you :d xxx
if it doesn't make much sence, blame the pagans! :-)
i usually wear regular jeans, sneakers #nshit ....not too feminine :)
horny :) « me too! :)
yeah i was chilling/partying at my friends. almost home. good luck with sleep. talk to u later :) miss ya too!
nice one richard :-)
well i know your not! :d
salut! :)
power of being more than 140 characters :)
it's coming next week... yayyyy!!! =)
it's easter for my best frienddd :d! :d i hope its amazinggg!!!
nuh uh its a pic from wednesday night :)
lol its on my shoulders and the hole under my nose is smiley :-) x
hi olly :) have you still got the teddy and fanmail i gave you? missing you loads :( hope ur okay... much love xxxxx
thanks for the on the candle holders =)
thanks for passing the link on :)
squee.. they all have such deep meaning :d x
hey i'm followin ya :) follow back?
no hockey today guys!! hense the lie in :)
them b fye eatin a bowl of coco puffs =)
thanks a mill =)
thanks for the #followfriday ! hope u r having a great weekend : )
same for us. we prefer our crabs and ginger beer separately. :) we haven't seen that down here, no.
thanks for the #ff :)
and now i painted in purple. :) #letscolour
oohh ! demi that is really cool and even unique ! happy easter ! :) ♥
tnx!! will try that then :) suggestion : ginumis sa tippy tappy restaurant + buttered fried chicken sa daet live
yeah i miss u ! im just in our house! :) lol yeah so sad coz we dont have pc now to access in twitter. im good u?
please follow >>> :) then i can help you get your 5 x
it is recognized as legit, it's just a pain to access legally. :) doctor's and liability mostly, and doc's need good information.
follow me please :)
an english cottage garden including cottage but set somewhere sunny & hot. :) re: ? of the wk
follow please :) x
eeeek! yeah you should :d
makes awesome moosic :d
thank you for the #ff :)
followed back i'll give you a shout out too :d
i'm fine thanks and you ?antonio :)
thanks for updating us on the trip all three of you simultaneously :)
"i can't believe how hard we partied before a track meet. all that pasta, cards, and guitar hero. my head hurts" yes, this is what we do :)
hehe thaaanks :)
if you want a shoutout :)
he would love you. lol but don't do it! :)
don't forget to put the clock back! yippee! sleep in tomorrow :-)
daylight saving reminder: clocks go back 1 hour 3am in nsw/sa/vic/tas/act! :)
just remembered & are on 4music today 6pm performing #untilyouweregone watch it! :)
:) i am super excited!! it'd be so cool if would be there... but i don't think so!
gets butterflies everytime i think about you . iloveyou :d
rawr, circus practice now :d #funtiemz :)
follow me please :)
hahaha! thanks! better not snow! its 50* out lol have a great race this morning, eva! hopefully no snow?? :)
njani mgani? how goeth thy day • hello!! :-) songistylez: in *bonos voice* hello hello hello!
ohh, olaaaaaa <3 please, pretty please, don't be mad at me :p <3 'm just hyper &.. arg :d yay! :d <3333
that worked urz...has 161 characters. how bizarre ??? cya tomorra :)
up out my face boi :)
thanks for passing the link on :)
oh they sound awesome sweetheart! i wanna see when you are done! :)
might get rid of my desk, put my tv on a shelf and have a shelf kinda flip up thing for my laptop :)
my mate said it really helped her. just wish i could talk from personal experience :-) x
it's suddenly so quiet in the house. i think poppet went to take a nap in her own bed all by herself. :)
let's get #demilovato a tt together for today :)
