looks lovely :) sakura
hey i'm on :) today i feel better but still sick! whats new on here? i miss my besties =)
heey girl, nothing much. yourself? :) and btw, your my twetie too! :))
let's all follow she always be following back and i enjoy reading her tweets :) let's go!!
you can still reply through a tweet! :) as long as the convo gets done! woohoooo
ooo isit yeh =)
i'm such a dork responding to earlier tweet.. thank you so much for checking out my blog :)
shoutout 4 shoutout ? :)
nuttin..i was sad bc of my friend,don't wana talk bout it&i just didn't feel so good=/ &hahah yeah :) ggooodddd!
oh that. i was joking but you can be the judge. welcome board btw :-)
nighty night. have a few choc beers tomorrow. :)
bahaha ur poly right? :d i'll be at 6,812 ,i like ur hyperness :d
(no selling) the best stuff's free :) take a look
good morning world :)
weeeell, as long as he doesn't wink like mccoy did. :)
thaaaank youuuu! :d ♥
okaay & i'll help youu then! <3 :) love youu♥
thanks dee! then i must be doing something right, cause that's what i want them to do for people :)
sounds like fun :)
can you give me a shoutout? :)
okay :d thx 4 the rts --> <-- u guys rock #fad
lols :p you'll gain more followerssss too!! :)) i'll giv you shoutoutsss..n nothin much just chillin wif cuzens :) hbu?
i'm gonna be a grandma today, my sheep has started having contractions. :) #tmiforthefainthearted
"a dozen or so film" wow, nice collection :-) which film camera is your personal favourite ?
you sound like my mother...hah hah! :)
hold it till mon got a ticket for the next home game :)
oh looking all so very sassy tonight boys, woooot :)
lets try and get 100+ jonas fans to this? :)
heey everyone :)
#twitition justin bieber to do a music video in the uk!! :d
i was doing it right but it just wouldnt calculate. its working now, i've got a smile on my face :-)
i'm checking the formation at least he is on the bench :)
hahah ! :) binx see it already ? :)) hahah ! apple ! ♥
lets try and get 100+ beliebers to this :) #biebertunes
i ♥ your icon <3 :)
ahahahahaha :d my little bro i turning 11. i told him not to tell mum and dad :p
morning! :)
watching the tooth fairy :) ryan schecklar i is so damn fineee
heyyy. morning tweeps. :)
the apple store was a weird place for a gig, but fuck, did jbt sound fantastic!! their album goes #1 tomorrow too :)
i know me too!! :d all my mam seems to buy now are beans b'cos me and my brother have them allllll the time! it started off
they don't call me sugarpuss for nothing. your nickname is irrelevant =)
yea i think it does. :) p.s. our clocks just went forward, summer is coming :p
ok its fixed now =)
got some surprises coming in the next couple of hours :)
dream of me givin u back shots while pulln ur hair :)
yeah its an amazing song :) especially since its basically a nicola solo track :) used that on my r.i.p evlis (pug) vid </3
so with this daylight savings thing, what happens?.. i keep thinking we're going into summer, but i like winter :) alot.... fuck the sun.
follow ------>>>> :d
ooo could i have the recipe please? bet theyd go nice with cheese :)
yep off for a walk with maple soon :)
lol finished reading telly mag for today :)
he's smiling too :d
goood :) i'm fine thanks. lol, jenn she's only joing x] <3
hey there's a lot of your fans in indonesia. come here, please :) #indonesiawantsgaga
awh seriously? that's well sweet ^_^
<--- pls subscribe <3 tell me if you do and i will give u a huge shoutout :)
o mans where you off? :d :d :d
ya welcome.thnx 4 the #shoutout :)
less than an hour to trend #501carrotsformal. hope you can join us :)
my friends going to canada tomorrow !!! and guess what she is bringing me back :d , sour patch kids ! :) i have never tryed them :d nice? x
600 followers!! wow! thanks so much to the ppl that gave me shoutouts :) love you all!!!
if you like to read: :)
[photo] only my djembe makes me happy :)
"roses are red violets are blue.i love you" & "i hope your parents like me" (funniest lines) :)
happpy birthday happppppy birthday!!!!!! happy happy happy happy haaaaaaapppyyyyy birthday!!!! lami :d
i dno it just like logged off and when i clicked it nothing happened but i can go on there now :)
draft for ".gitignore your *.gemspec"'s follow-up article -> any thoughts? anyone? :)
resume updated on : #job opportunity in #sfo ? any help highly appreciated :) ...
lord no, still at pks :) pricing a pks project
lets try and get 100+ jonas fans to this? :)
me too. :) followed ya.^^
haha! this is worth it :) xx
ty rb@abarbosa: "thank you for this beautyful song, dear :) "debashish bhattacharya kolkata to kanya... ♫
it's race day! /via | good luck. :)
i dont like bread yet im sat here eating it ,,mummy hurry up and come back with some food i like :)
everyone ! go and add the best ! --> :) ♥
go to content » tutorials » photoshop it will help you doll :)
just played easter bunny! wonder how many eggs the ferals will consume in the midle of the night ... :d
haha fair enough. get a wee cheap one :d
you're lucky, i have one invite left :)
best drunk text from :d text: i hope one day yptu will have my babies
they will be pretty babired and weat bown in their hair
everyday i'm gonna promise myself to change. and today i did a bit and apologized to a guy i hurt in the past and now we're friends :)
let me know where to check then i will update.. :)
bbc east midlands news headline story: a pub might have to close. moved up here from greater london in 2000 & i still find it bonkers!! :-)
:)
#nowfollowing :)
gonna upload it now guys :d x
sure. gotta be better than belarus :)
bring back the river buses :-)
forget the past that made you cry and focus on your present that completes your life. :)
hehe sounds interesting :d
he's just printing some flyers then getting his butt back on the door come say hi :)
hello :-) >>what a wonderful way of saying hello. thank you
not me hehe :) it was a blast a few years ago
yay! :d aye, lisa! <3 lmfao, i'm hyper. like really hyper :ddd
hey girl :) i followed you.. follow back ? :) <3
microsoft office professional 2010 :d
good day yestoday... went up to burley to see my brother good dai i love it there peaceful... &&& more importantly mansions :)
let's ... :) praying and preparing for excellent sacrifice..let's give out of our best tomorrow... =d
