plz follow--->@bieberuniversal and tell them i sent you :) i'll dm or another celeb :)
hmm. i did everything already :) so i have free day :d
goodnight :)
on wayy to bristol :)
out with a couple of mates, nothing too exciting :)
russell and julie always look so lovely. :)
i want lamb for easter xxx how nice did galton's dish look :) heaven or hell coming up.
if you want me to give you many shout :d
:-) yeah but good on him
we're only 2 people! :)
you can try it :d should i send it ?.
awe thanks. & yea id rather watch oldies instead of newbies. old horror movies are my fave. they have a creepier vibe.. :d
despite being quite cool, sitting at a street cafe in a medieval town with ice cream and lattes. yeah, feels like i'm on holiday :)
well yes of course i watched about 2 mins of the robe yesterday too lol :)
thanks muchly for the #ff luv. :-)
d'aww. glad you feel a bit better. just realised your twitter background was my laptop wallpaper for ages :) xd
plz follow--->@bieberuniversal and tell them i sent you :) i'll dm or another celeb :)
the answer to my last tweet about ploenchit land price is, i guess: "not any more!" :)
i'm in los angeles california lol u should fly me to london for a visit :)
oh no! that bad eh! i must leave all sharp objects at home and take a load of calms before i leave then! :)
new dr who radio trailer just now on r2: "what happens if i press this button? 'steve wright!'...." :d
uhh.. follow please?! :)
rofl no. the winky smiley is creeping her out :d
thankyouu :) how's u today? x
wow, exciting! good luck :) domain name officially registered!
they are sillyyy. there's no strike anymore! yu know if yur staying in our hotel still? let me know so i can cancel if not :) xx
at golden mile for thai food for the 3rd week in a row! :d
select best pics. light editing. get site up. :) tell me what u think. (it's 3 pages)
hi gino, thanks for easter wishes, hope u and your family have a wonderful easter too :) xxx
can't believe i missed karting with the boys yesterday, they are so full of themselves for winning! needed me to put them in their place! :)
plz follow--->@bieberuniversal and tell them i sent you :) i'll dm or another celeb :)
goodmorning! :d
thanks for following again hun :)
when u add new video on youtube? can't wait :d
hahah thanks ka :) have fun at youth tonight hihi
ah :) i'd like an s5 :p
hello sweetness :) the house is noisy and messy so i'm trying to keep myself relatively sane haha
hey jeff, let me just say i like the articles you've been linking and posting. thanks! :)
not sure what what is there yet, it's supposed to have shops/cafe etc.. and antique place too, it's only down the road :)
if is following you!!!!!!! =)
has put together a dark angel costume for sunday :)
plz follow--->@bieberuniversal and tell them i sent you :) i'll dm or another celeb :)
im back ;d someone talk to me ? :)
hahahaha yes i have actually :d
medium...i'm not great but much better than last year! i love it, would spend all my time on it if i could :)
bgt! 8 :d gonna watch how to train your dragon tonight. is it good? please (cont)
he's been true to us too we got a shout out at the start of the show, they thought about doing a command :)
haaa i was like whattt!? ah well :-) must be to do with my phone! birthday 2 dayssss ahhhhhhhhhhhh
i am also 15. :) hahah, playhouse disney is booooring. rolie polie olie or whatever pwnd everything when i was a kid. :p
getting ready for work... can't wait to see my dementia patients reaction to the easter bunny :)
nothing new there the! but please don't! why so happy :) bring carly in
hey! when's your new collection? and will there be different types of sheer stockings coming up? :)
ordered a new infectus 2 + xmos xc-1a development kit :d
you should do a youtube vid of few songs then we can choose :) <33
followed :)
oh how was it? :)
just had a go of my power ball, not used that beast for ages :d haha
there you go! got you 5 :)
cheers for the #ff dude. i look forward to following your adventures :)
followed can u give me a shout now ? :)
ha ha! pls do..the best way to kill heat! enjoy! :)
ohh dang!! i am gonna beet it but it may take a while :)
good, i am just lay in bed tweeting haha :) you?
omg #jonasbrothers 13 justin 0 and a person who said both haha . keep voting :)
well you wont go far with all that shit on ur face :) .. but good luck in life ..im rooting for u
i can't sleep! call me a pendeja but i can't stop thinking about it!! weird. awww!! today was amazing. :)
is there a modern house of art there? i could only think of the tate :)
changed the profile background as well :)
at last a change of dp i was sick of the other one :-) this one is by far superior.
well you have now! :)
wait . tvxq dont disband . hero ! im still keeping the faith =)
oh sorry i forgot to reup it somewhere else hold on real quick :)
if is following you!!!!!!! =)
right back atcha :) xx
weeey limit dooong yang baik thankuuu :)
i just did :)
thanks! will check it out :)
what did justin do on american idol? :)
ohhh serious?! i'm so hoping i get one for easter tomorrow :d
busy? doing what? working or something? :-) new post coming at 2...
ah oki, ben bon courage hein :d
good morning, friend. :-) i finally answered your email last night.
follow her--------> she's so awesome :)
feel free to bring over any leftover if you guys can't eat them all : )
just call me hannah :d hmm, your names same as my moms name. hehe
clash of the titans was cool! :)
so true :) i just posted something on my blog would u like to read it? what a boring weekend!
i'm good and you hun'? :)
hahahaha yes indeed behnaz in still on! :d i'll co-won a little later ;d
shoutout 4 shoutout? :)
rocky road before it gets cut into pieces! :-)
happy friendiversary! :d love you both loads xxx
hehe okedeh nin. thanks ya :d
aww, well, you're both beautiful :d x
yeahh i knoww. i was askin what u were searchin :) haa, u said it already. everything. lmfao(;
photo: burningdan: this was a great night :d thanks guys!!!miss you and miss new york!!
i can't stand boys who dress like you! i like guys in cardigans and polo shirts :d
such a shame, you can tell that they were great friends :)
morning matey, you chooky faced? :)
cinta 2 hati the best!!! let's go to make some collaboration gan.. :d
get me a good movie... you better. funny too :)
hey. vidhi. how is ur project is going ? u know madona is my fav pop star :)
when your on the account put your name at the end of your tweets:) & i sent you a dm :)
read this it is totally true :)
goodnight. stay sweet :)
need a friend :) but got a lover
nice seeing again tho =) fuck every1 else lol<---aye!!!:) xoxo
off now bye <3 :)
i'm good! whats your name ? :d
haha i know right! and btw i just followed you :)
happe terence mckenna boundary disillusion day, everyone! i love you all. no, really! :)
okk finally goin to bed now :) • not really jus bout to chill wit nate aka broface from anotha mother
me too :) what are you doing?
oooh i will :)
yg belieber indo rt! im gonna list you :)
ah, no complaining from me then. :)
a short part :)
reviewed (: you wanna make me reaaally happy and look at my stories as well? :d xd <3
hey! how's you fellow aberdeen person? :)
ice cubes! :d
well im seeing them in northern ireland in june an there spose ta be doing anuva uk tour at end of year =)
nice, i will have everything but the meat and eggs please :)
if everybody thinks your obsessed with justin bieber! :d
... und auch noch chelsea, giants stadium, ... :-)
sameee! i'm on summer break (: i'm gonna check it out! :d haha, okay! lol
awwwww ur with eleni i didnt no u 2 knew eachother thats so cute lol, tell her i sed hi :d samee im mad hungry i want mcdz :(
if is following you!!!!!!! =)
you said dr who on sunday nona says tonight! thought shld tell you in case you have to reschedule one of louis' 'swimming galas' :d
thass a week! hurry bacck so i can get my massage! teehee. have funnn :)
that's brilliant :) xxx
no problem! :) lol a thanks to for making my mornming much better with his hilarious random thoughts
haha welcome! i dont usually unfollow ppl without any reason. :)
nah man, im off work till tuesday.... now home with my family coloring easter eggs :)
malem mingguan.. just the 3 of us :)
thanks for the questions. looks like i need more insomniac followers :)
i want it ! :) ah. shoutout 4 shoutouts? --venz <3
respect :)
and its even worse letting u go... but its for the best... u'll thank me when u're 50 and u still look 30 :)
me + you, i'ma tell you one time, we're the coolest, we're the coolest people in the world, lalalala :d
btw i have sie formpring: -- haha same username :)
how's the hangover this morning then? :d
#amancanonlyhope :) well gracias! *takes bow* now marry me, list me, and dm me some freaky shyt. :d
omg, awesome! :d the shops round my town don't sell the american magazines. d; but thankyouu :)
thank you :)
aww cool nic jog? i'm at stables atm just waiting for dad to pick me up as we have visitors coming over soon :) xxx
pleasure to meet you let's chat soon! :)
no, i loved you the second i understood you were inside your momma's stomach. :)
i never asked too much, i'm happy with this. :)
british accents are so hot. mmm :d
i don't know, someone asked me to help make it a tt. her father is going to die of cancer.. so i just help :)
i likeee it :)
thanks for following me on tumblr :)
rt: a normal person would say sleep well :) a #jonasbrothers fan would say; goodnight and goodbye #jonasquotes
thanks! listed back :)
up until 4am working on original songs. 23 days left! :d
aaah that's made my day even better :) i love it when responds... what a nice chap!
me too :) what are u doing ,? btw happy easter !
okay. i guess i'll tweet to you around :) haha take care and god speed:)
i just took "i'll never let yo..." and got: read below :) (btw when i do _____ that just means 'your name' :d)! try it:
good morning :)
welcome&thanks for the #ff :)
sneak preview at my next blog post... : )
i was just inspired to set up a new falklands islands defence strategy: sandy toksvig is the main weapon :-)
i'm happy, 'cuz i write with miley :d and she replied me . aahh oo :d :d
.@punkster101 what's common between senora john, anon josher, jean honors and norah jones? :)
i miss you. next time you're in rancho, can you make time to see me please? :)
i'm good thanks =)
thanks for all the #ff shout-outs!! sorry i haven't had much time to tweet this week... still in s. africa having a great time!! :-)
oh look! guy beliebers from philippines :) awww :) follow now! >>
yes am really good thanks steph is still here well just about to go but have had a lovely time :)
#monstersruletheworld because rules the world :)
everything you said was comforting n inspring. thanks a lot :-) i def appreciate what ive got!
i edited it. i'm pretty good at it :)
im up!! and awayyyyy! :)
thanks for the rtl!! =)
thanks darling! have a great weekend :d semuaaa nya dgrin buat ka selamattt siaraannn.. :)
if is following you!!!!!!! =)
hehe! fab well done :)
i have a feeling you're correct :)
thanks for the mention :)
love these wavebreak photos: checkout his facebook fan page too :)
aw lol thanks :)
yeaayy!! thanks mir ;) just heard song on the radio. it made me wanna dance, yes sir! :)
:) isn't it night there?
#newfollowers :) #shoutouts
everyone follow please :) -->>
follow back? :d
well i wish you success in anything you do : )
well ur prettier than me :) and i have that exact same poster :d haha
is getting signal again. quite how he didn't jump off a bridge without it i don't know but it makes me happy. :) <3
btw nagcourtesy call kami kaninang umaga kay mami claudia & she requested na bgyan muna ang family ng privacy kys aun ginagwa nmin ngaun. :)
shoutout >> follow them now!!! :) <33
welcome to twitter :-)
if is following you!!!!!!! =)
yes, yes you do. actually, you need a pair in every colour (that you don't already have) :-)
that's the best tweet i've seen for ages! :)
sounds like a great day, goo notwithstanding. you're a proper hero to boot :)
camgirls view nighttreat: its a secret, just come and ask :) im sure u cant leave me along with my sexy dr...
check out this web site! i am featured on the front page :)
http://www.dreamaid.com/refreshhomepageaction.do
have you a bbpin ? :) x
