oh :( well i can tell you later if u want :)
:-) how u tho?!!
it was good but it wasn't as polished as last year's event. reminded me that it's your 1 year anniversary with tdot! :)
tamo sam jela the best cheesecake ever :d
you are welcome, love! :)
i like it too =)
do these steps 1. follow funky dee 2. tell people to follow him 3.rt :) so do those steps
omg i'm drunk. «----#whatelseisnew lol (via new 40oz. :)
an amazing actress and one of the nicest people i ever worked with jane lynch. love her! :)
we should all have a big tea party soon with :d oooh!!!
neil you are so right! i am not a starbucks convert. :)
:-) you so awesome!
having some 'mellow' curry chicken w/ =) #food #dinner
really enjoyed that movie. dh didn't like it, but what does he know about robert and jude :)
ahahah :)) i love you too :d how can a type scottish ! & its kool a cant be botheres not im anoyyed but a was joking(:xxx
please? :)
new tour dates announced!! with horse the band and oh, sleeper!!! come have a good time when we roll through :)
rofl :) oh: ipadurday. oh lord save us....
#nowwatching the hurt locker. :)
will be on itunes as well!;) also have some new sites, www.reverbnation.com/jackstevensrocks :)
lol a work uniform! he sai if i sold 10 he would :-p he has to wear an odeon shirt hahaha aw i love mr h :-)
i think that kendall & kylie jenner are so fashionable !! but no one better than selena and miley :d
lil bro is gettin better fast =) swelling went dwn and he's breathing normally, now, thanks 4 everyones concerns and prayers =)
ashes to ashes series three episode one: gasp!!! good stuff :)
thank you! :)
lmao! am i a girliepop! cool! then you're girlierock! and yep! i'm still here.. are you? :d
i *told* you i wasn't wearing pants earlier today... <--it did happen, and here's the pic :d
i had a great sleep now i'm ready to tweet :) let's go# wow that's cool, so u raring to go now!!watchout twitworld.
#ff my pretty lil cousin < i miss u boo =)
i'm in my underwear. :)
which picture && why's that? :)
ahaha! oh i see! lol and omg, you like a lot of things i do! no i haven't got a synth :( but i'd love one! have you? :)
k im back lol. :)
i love your new golden seal...classy! :)
thx!! maybe one day though =)
hahah i love :) :)
#ff :)
me ouvindo no msn :d
awesome :) "priceless"
#makeyoulovemevideo :) damn finally!
why u need me bro??? :)
omg- i loveeee hecks! just told my sisters that's where my bday brunch will be! yay! what'd u get?? :-)
wow! your sweeeeet!<3 followed :)
welcome :)
lm at barnes and noble too :-)
hahah :) thank you so much!
let's do this ottawa! goin up in 30 :-)
thanks, my grandpa named me that as a kid and it kinda stuck. :)
thanks y'all! :d
#peopleshould really #knockitoff & stop being so #sensitive #itsjusttwitter. either #growup, #getalife or just #killyoself :-)
just finishing up practice with this concert is gonna be so much fun! i'm excited :d
i love twitterific. :d
the role of us destroyer will be played by the battleship uss missouri :)
oh! funny! :) foothills fans eyes open wide
played monopoly today. rolled 6 sets of doubles. in a row. freaked myself out :)
exactly, so no tabs or new window should be used just plain old simple <a href=""> tags :)
got u there :) u need to get me just 4 more! :)
you are very welcome! thanks for the :-)
hi lydia! i hope you are doing great and i wish you and your family a very happy easter ( if u celebrate it) lol :) xo
ohh aight lol but that's whassup =)
thanks for all the web advice :) it's for 's blog
next lighting workshop date will be announced on monday :) had to tie up some loose ends, now we're good to go!
heckkk yeaa :) you should know that byy now <33 haha
what the hell is down here that you were in my neck of the woods twice? :)
thanks :)
thanks for the #ff =)
thanks to the lovelies & for the #ff love! you guys should check these smart, funny women out. :)
#ff the sound of her tweets brightens my day :)
so you're scouring for man? :)
pleasure was all ours :-)
awww thanks =) u need a clearer pic on your twitter ;-)
i'd love to make the whole world smile....but i'm okay with just yours. :)
relaxing with the family =)
ur welcome. =) u are super pretty tho
somebody jus threw me some #shade . lol but its okay , i'll let it slide :)
imma shakin it for daddy (yeah) yeah im shakin it for me i liftin up ma ass, and ii drop it to the beat :) lmao
followed :)
well i'm guessing you wouldn't twitpic yourself. ;) haha what do you say? :)
there's quite a few of us around here it seems :) (you aren't following me so i can't dm you back)
#ff :)
rumor has it that indiana has a basketball team, but the movie was better : )
man i hope thats sm=social media :)
#ff cause he is a cute lil brother of mine & will be the next big thing! :-)
hey buddy :) i can make you a background :o
hve a great time. let's catch up soon :)
"must get into the habit of thinking blog is my repository.." no pressure... take your time... :)
back home <sigh> :) in orlando international airport
the next three titles are kiss of death, ghost town and bite club. :) i don't know about the two after that yet.
how about 80's dance does that make the train :) #80s ♫
3.6.7 is the latest stable build, 3.7 is alpha :)
thank you for the #ff :)
#makeyoulovemevideo :)
help!! anyone wanna destash some of their little brass leaves like these??? :d
make sure to watch me tonight on the soup on e! 10pm!!! check with the rents first though :)
aww thnx hun.. i appreciate it.. #nowfollowing for flattering me!! lol that pic of u is stunning :)
hey girly girl :) how r u beautiful? its been awhile!
#ff ---> she follows back and that girl is a dime they say... #follow now go go go!! :)
i need to try bikram! yup, i luv it :-) have u tried bikram yoga??
hi. :) thanks!
q:what would you do if you were walking down the street... a:follow his lead. uhh makeout. :d
heya! i followed you back hunny :) x
you need to twitpic your orianthi cookies one of these days :d
que lindassss!!!! =)
#ff the new followerr : )
itssss ok!! :) x
followed :)
and you win a kiss!!! thank you, sweetheart :) ding ding ding! i'm #100!!!!
yeah takeout is the way to go! manicure and caffeine i like that combo :d
tryna make it to la in time to catch "why did i get married" w/ :)
2/2 also the vegan said he'd take care of the matriarchs and, more importantly, eat their eggs. : )
yah i remember :d haha cute . im just watchin tv wbu ?
thatss wassup :)
thx guys =) #ff cause she is super sweet & has the best smile! xo <<--- yep she is & does
for the new one tonight? or all of them? either way i can dm you the link :)
you'd be an awesome number 1. sure. paris, normandy, barcelona. need to figure rio in to the plan someday. :d
ultra special #ff for . how's that? :) [@organica_]
hahaha... idk about famous... i just wasnt california to hear what i have to say and put a smile on their face :)
#shoutout2dagirlz with pussy that smell like $3 on pump 4 :)
come and see me in london :)
i <3 twitter too :-)
i heard you scream from strawberry avalanche :)
haha sure :) btw love love love your picture!~
#ff now! why? because she's one of my besties :)
metaphorically speaking... :)
omg, just got the sweetest email from a reader! thank you taylor! :)
everyone if your not already follow :) funniest tweets and most days does a runnin commentry of eastenders lool x
cool! let's...want to get ur feedback on all the particulars. including vendors, sponsors, food, donations, et al :)
:) here's the fansite
thanks for asking :) the guns can stay holstered for now, lol. all is well.
why did you bother putting your pants on? :)
one of the reasons i love gregor? he puts up with my drunken textas & tantrums! :-)
shoutout: :)
:)
will you be my valentine. nxt yr , i'll be 18.how bout it ? =) <-- lol
phew. i've remembered now that i know what i will say if i ever meet bw. and now i really must sleep: many miles to walk tomorrow. :)
your welcome :)
:d if you follow me, you'll always want sushi. i eat it all the time. lol
#ff she's a cutie =)
lol nice to see a man getting a pedi! good for you! hope you are doing great and so glad ur back from chile safely! :)
i sent my boyfriend the superman/lois art you did for me & he loved it! i kept the second one a surprise. :)
that's what they all say! :)
random awsomeness! :) have fun!
happy bday bilal! happy bday!! :):) happy birthday bilal.. me love u so mucho! :)
the delicious duo? we're the devil and angel duo! nice to mee you ana :)
just finished setting up the alter for easter :)
oh ahaha. i was planning on going like in two weeks on friday or saterday. :)
joe s. is playing tonight. :) wow woody is going to actually get the marker over neutral this season. *gasps*
i always look for someone that can teach me something new. if u can teach me somethin new u might just catch my attention! :)
loves one foxy and wise lady :-)
awwwwwwwwwww!!! thnxx my 11,000th tweet goes to :)
thank you thank you.. i aprreciate it deeeeeee! :)
cute :) hey, i couldn't stop myself and i knew you'd be amused: "maddow for senate"
my fav colors are orange and blue :)
do these steps 1. follow funky dee 2. tell people to follow him 3.he might tweet you :) so do those steps
thanks stephanie. :d
nice! i can see a petite sirah working for this track. :)
deal... look forward to it :)
i made it to 1156cals in half an hour cardio and forty five mins rpm class! jelly legs :)
just got up. it's 7:31 am. great sleep. :)
there are 2 unclaimed codes left! you can hunt them down if you'd like :)
good =)
just enjoyed alice in wonderland loved the cat :d despite better judgement onwards to clash of the titans. #dayatthemovies
i finished my other #kstew art graphic i sent it to the b-day project :d so i will wait a little bit to show it here :p... tomorrow lol
#ff im sorry i missed you baby girl! :d you get one all to yourself! :d
ohhh i love how excited i get when i see music videos on tv :)
yeah he is! :d i have a livelavalive shirt!
thank you, i really do work at that now & again. :) *hanniebow* to all her cool followers
there we go :-)
#backintheday there's no justin bieber and it was peaceful. can we just go back into that time? :) kthanksbye
i'd say "he's a twat," but twats are pretty :)
rt:watching sherlock holmes with my couzin alyssa and momm 2 aunts and gma :) #holmes
:) could you help me get her 8 more followers please? ill list you 10 times :)
hahaha.. i don't expect it ever will be either. :)
absolutely love this ->http://bit.ly/b5o5xg follow for more beautiful photography :)
i want to see what the hype about =)
got one smoooth as voice! have fun playin ur game haha :)
thank you :) !
i bet... we'll discuss all that when we have a major kush session and tell life stories :)
probably a combination of both factors, but i'm not complaining. :)
omg !:d thats amazing!! :d totally gonna use it! :d thanks doll
ok so then i won't follow up with my collaboration idea w taylor lautner :) joe and kevin are but not nick
what a great dad you are :)
#followdarealist shes sexy and is 1 poison u wouldnt mind dying 4... hell i wouldnt.. :)
i love the boysenberry & rum n raisin. dromana rocks :-) we're now in red hill, trying to get a carpark at the markets.
i just did. =) are you two really going to sort out that question on twitter??!
lovez yhu .. please follow me beautiful :)
i am well and i love seeing you ! :)
i didn't know sea turtles snorkeled. :)
just wanted to say hi! you met my mgr yesterday in nyc (on j.hud's pr tour) and he told ya that i was a fan of yours! :-)
i am and i wanna be :)
#ff #followfriday great stuff guys =)
congratulations in the new mac! hope you enjoy it :-)
nm, just chilling around the house. :d <3
minnesota is next to canada,i wonder if that's why? sad! thanks for forgetting about canada on your tour :)
thanks to u for the #ff :)
you mean so much to me :)
appreciate it :)
whoa o_o lol . we can work it out long distance relationships are easy :)
thanks! :) i'm always me; i don't know how to be anyone else.
thanks =)
