ha. i wish i knew you were joking! :)
just got 15/20. best score so far. :) im proud of myself
ate 2 small shrimp :p dinner! i'm 101% hungry! ok no need to eat shrimp! i have 1 d'creps tuna pizza :d thx to my bro bon apetite☺
shoes are a mirror of the soul hope they're good sturdy ones! happy birthday :-)
go home, ill pick you up later :) ow crap. now i'm sleepy! :(
morning people! :)
huge shoutout to :d
... at least one... :) <--well, at least you got a good one (me) haha =)// exactly my thoughts when i clicked 'follow' ha ha!
#alwayskeepthefaith because its worthless if theres no happy ending of your story :)
sup teedo!! :)
wait no i have some cereal first than off to sleep i go :)
all set in the pub waitin for trhe man u v chelsea game in 3d :-) i wanna watch it in 3d lol
daddy's here.. i'll skip with the mad face muna, andaming pasalubong eh! lol! :d
lol you okasayyy :)
tweet me a celeb :)
*throws water balloon* it was a great post :d aboooot and coostillo rox lmao
morning peeeps :)
lmfao! i'll just tell my sister that…it fell off by itself :d haha: lmfao! i'll just tell my sister that…it fell...
but im tired, so if i dont answer your tweets, i fell asleep :)
i just woke up, looked at my followers and i have 1101 ! im so happy. thank you :)
i think the furry hands are going to a problem with capacitive-touch anyway :-)
"it's the crew photograph, but as you can see, everyone on the crew.. is the master." ha! how utterly ludicrous. :)
oh trust me newcastle is alwayssssss louuudddd! :) look out for me! x
no way :p it's the first time i've ever seen anything about it :)
ihop this morning :)
good afternoon kman :) oh yes, its a relaxing saturday :) at home .. playing with kitty :d
thanks man :) hope u enjoy ur day too
thanx :)
thanks, your username is the best :d
could you refollow me pls? :d
thank you for the #ff love :) ♥☆♥
just got out of cinema went to the spy next door with billy ray cyrus in it was good :)
omj 3 different ?! :d haha awsomeee. yummy. lol oow nothin much im just tweeting :) hbu?
thanks hun! :)
"business legal security: 50 point checklist" ...rt appreciated :)
wooo 50 to 43, lets go eagles, almost there :)
#manutd! this if u support #manutd :d
nope, i've been around for hardly a year yet. it's just i'm grew in fame right before my beak! :-)
coffee on a saturday: trying to get the boy some new clothes after the clear out yesterday :-) (@ coffee#1)
could not reach consensus on cinema with the boys so we are going cycling instead. much healthier option :)
please re-follow us :)
excellent. i'm so gonna have a song of the day from now on! :d
john ager's 365 photo project!: many thanks for over 2,000 hits on this photo blog since it started! :-)
if you think looks hot when the wind blows through his hair :)
i luve my followers :) they are all so nice <3
tomorrow afternoon i can come! :) when when?
please re'follow us ;) awww, thanks <3 :d ahaha :d
hey all you fans! follow :)
385 shots and counting. :)
lolol! too bad i'm at work...but whn i listen i thunk i will! :-)
my holliday r awesome and now im getting for sleep =)
thanks yaa :) congrats yaa dan pacar barunya hehe longlast! pj ya hu senin ;) tingting
yes, if u can get thru airport security :) lol a flying niqabi a driving niqabi, watever next? ;-)
if you're a european belieber :)
thanks for the #ff :-)
my pleasure :)
night with the abbey and fiesta! :) fuuun!
heey ;** i'm good,thanks :) what about you?
thank you guys for a fantastic night out :)
thanks a lot for the ff mention =)
me pleaseeeee :)
off to newquay at 10pm tonight... wooooo... may go and see at berties. :d
they're gorgeous!! very you :)
we're here for the same reason... supporting our best gurl and guy :) so respect each other will ya' ?? :d
:)
:) < loool wag1 u in anuva weird mood 2day
so sweet! thanks :)
had a cry to last night, she made life better tho :) she always does.
#alwayskeepthefaith cuz thats the only thing that strives us to be better :)
absolutely fantastic! how're you doing today? :)
main svc just ended !! :d
have a great day :)
refollow me back please :)
cool, how was london? happy easter to you too! :-)
hey girlfriend :)
for now, let's help our friend from let's #alwayskeepthefaith :)
yeah that would b so cool lol! :-)
yup :) btw it says ur in the tinychat:s?
i've just watched you're 'cry me a river' clip again you really are talented :)
my sunburnt gone the best colour ever! like the brown tan you can ever geet :d
:)
my sister actually remembers aamir khan!! :d the best lah :d
so let's crawl crawl crawl..back to love! :)
you're like a first bad habit, i'm not gonna give you up <3 :d
getin excitd 4 southafrica on tuesday..wonder if its gona b nice and hot :)
ive got my worlds on overboard atm :)
happy easter universe! :) ~ from mojolena
you r welcome :d thx #gratitude --> <-- #fad
vlw aee :d
it does suck. hope you manage to get some sleep soon & i'm sure the dog feels bad about waking you :d
happy easter mate. enjoy the christian holiday celebrating a very holy zombie :)
great thanks! have a nice wee cuppa you will feel better :-)
thankyouuu beey :) haha kalo inget yee ckrt congrats yaa dan pacar barunya hehe longlast! pj ya hu senin ;) tingting
got dolly parton in my head now...! have a good one enjoy tonight :) see you in the morning?
there you are guys. hahaha how are ya guys? missed you guys so much :d
wicked. not from away i take it? knew u wud tweet me. hey :)
happy easter guys :)
so are you gonna go see in sweden ???? :d
tina fey is awesome. and hot as hell. :d
just had drinks at transport bar in federation square. took plenty of night shots with the wonderfully lit background :)
