wahay! weather men wrong again so off to the fiery foods festival on hove lawns brighton :-)
yeah, but just for the performance part, my sister doesn't finish work till 1.30 so we'll go up there straight after :)
rawwr i know that :) what was it before?
oooh im a bit more up than yesterday honey. which is nice :-) xx
can u sign this: please? i'll dm justin for u :)
so umm hey mind if me and use the mistletoe i set up for yall? :) k.. cool.
haha ditto- it's why i haven't linked my twitter to my personal facebook :)
darnn it how come :( ohh cause i dont own mean girls ima gett it some poin t promise :)
there there, you're gonna be okay, we're all gonna be okay :)
thank you for the rt! hope all is awesome and getting even more awesome! :)
crazy flips! :-) nuttynewswire: filipinos nailed to the cross #news #wtf
staceyy! met you at the meet and greet in dublin on wednesday! hope you liked my fan letter! :) xx
what's your desktop wallpaper? tweet me : )
"now who's old enough,bitch?" haha :)
yeyyyy got my jls lanyard! :)
i was doing that before :) lovee yoou x
beliebers should help each other :)
thanks. :) i hope so, i won't survive much longer here the attitude of the area starts to swallow you whole.
lmao! there's nothing to be worried about :') you will just be pissed off :d lmao!
not much rele.. gotta meet my mum at 3 to get my nose pierced :d i'm slightly nervous =/ xx
meand dad r having a lord of the rings day today...we r guna watch as much as we can before people get hear tonight lol :) we r sad!!
luvverly jubberly, builder's strength sounds grand dear :-)
apparently a good way to get rid of germs is to "try gin and benylin. benygin" :-)
all #jonasbrothers fans, are like a big huge family :) x
everyone tweet and tell her to follow me :)
if you have anything to share, tweet it. and we'll find it! :) #501carrotsformal. don't forget the hashtag dearies!
omg yaaayy :d how cool (:
nine inch nails on the radio, football on tv... i am home :) (@ crown & anchor pub)
something kinda ooh :-)
are you obsessed with nicholas jerry jonas? i know you are. so follow help her get 100 followers! :d
thanks to ya couse you followed me first =) i always follow back <3
follow me please :)
hahaha saaaameeeeeeeee. anyway does miley is bad? i need your opinion :)
you could try the greyhound mansfield woodhouse or the windows frost. don't know if any sp, but hopefully some of our beers :)
good, thanks. i'm here with colly and my other friend, niamh. :)
dunno who im rooting for today. both teams r a bunch or wankers :)
gm all be thankful god woke us up and be =)
playing a bit of torchlight, then will be making some cupcakes this afternoon :)
nuttin much :) im goin to record soooon :) hyped outta my head.. u?
lol! i like that :-)
well i woke yp 3 hours ago.. had breakfast haha. chatting and tweeting.. later gonna do homeworks. you? :)
kbanyakan bgitu ya... : orang baik pulang duluan.. :)
noooooo! i feel sick :( this can't happen. i swear i'm about to sleep my life away. :)
morning chey :)
good :] ahh your lucky haha, i gained like 10 overnight!! :o lol, i'm alright thankyou :) whats your name?
i love being on twitter at these hours because i can tweet the porn stars i follow and they respond to me :) #amped i love them!
hahaha me too me too :)
haha me too im obsessed with fishes :) #biebertoindonesia
hey :)
how are you? :d
seeing ndubz :) xx
i'm gonna predict a 1-1 draw for the big game today...but even a chelsea win would do quite nicely for arsenal's chances :)
im rting! :) thankssss
thank you ;) you rock!! :d
sexy time saturday !!—woot :)
your website?... btw, i didn't. hi heather, i'm web designer you asked for :) tell me more
and to you. have a peaceful break :-)
he did, & he's right :) i did send him some beans in a bid to 'educate' his palate, so he's quite correct to do so :d
i am, for the tomorrow at 4am :) sounds like a bit of craic! but also... i enjoy photography!
wow she's a well trained little girl :)
feeling surprisingly calm. weird! :)
hey nicole i hope you have a wonderful easter. driving your new ford ka. :) xxxx
wahh kerenn tuwh.. klo gw pakai ipod converter.. no need for changer bow.. :)
follow back please? :)
this week is #frcpcola's one year anniversary. what'd you get me? =)
i just juiced a bunch of rhubarbs and put some coconut cream in instant pink milkshake! :)
you get to look at ian somerhalder's beautiful eyes, lucky you! :)
i'm working on asc, people would constantly hear bits of audio and stuff, would give away too much :)
err no! jeremy kyle needs to get off tv. you'll be on oprah cos you're a crack head & need help lmfao :)
please sign this, il list you 10 times :) xx
life stinks, make it smell better beautifully :) at bonanzle.
wooo have fun! :d 3 days until i see u! x
lmao was watching percy jackson'as dvd :d
refollow me please :)
its easter tomorrow :)
how you feeling after the op? i hope your feeeling okaay :) x
lol yes. without evidence, i'll take your word that you have a beyonce-style booty. :)
buh, almost time to go home and rest :) what do you have planned for easter?
dude addicted to the gym. :) i guess its better than addicted to drugs.lol :)
good morning! how does this day find you? well, i hope! :d
abis itu masuk ke whril pool sblh-nya bu.. enak anget! pindah ke pool, masih sunset! :d
ahaa :)
you 1dtrt thanks,follow me all :) #fs follow them!
about time!!! i wanna see it!!! :)
:) xxxx excited about sunday night xxxx so am iiiiiii! but what to wear? hhhhmm? xxx>i know!
i told you! disney fans own twitter! #jonasbrothers :d we could even make #mileycyrus #demilovato #selenagomez a tt! in your face :dddd
did you enjoy belfast? we had a banner for you :)
noppe. :d is one of my best friends ever.. she is pretty amazing. she co-owns me & left a message in my bio. <3
winner! :) it was "obsessed" by miley cyrus.
baaack from luuunchhh :d
in line waiting for the ipads, not bad :)
terri, let's chat. i might be able to help you out :)
awwwwwwwwww they so cute together!!!! :d #nalaandsimba4eva #thelionking
u knowwww i'd want to listen to your new cd :) xx
goood :d i'm great thankss!
i told you! disney fans own twitter! #jonasbrothers :d we could even make #mileycyrus #demilovato #selenagomez a tt! in your face :dddd
deny all by is at 7th on the dbs rock top ten :) really amazing song woah
omg, love your bg's! can u please make one for me? :)
s/o to..... :-) ily ♥
aww, thank youu so much! :d and you're so welcome you're so lovely you have to be one of our fave swifties! :d ♥
today i'm gonna go buy ray bans!! what colour should i buy? :d ♥
