leftover rice 4 breakfast. how do u feel about swapping? :-) baked beans, sausage, fried eggs, bread and coffee
it's ok i'm gonna try and post more on here when i can :d
you too =)
thanks sweetie :) i always think that way! that is 100% true and i agree. perfectly spoken from miss stephanie.
jaque rae looks so pretty at the kca's :)
good monring! how's my pretty angel? :)
back from school :) tomorow i have a math test god plz help me >,<
..australia too! :d
no! vacation will start next week on wednesday, april 14 :)
#alwayskeepthefaith #alwaysbelieb :)
pls make sure youre subbed so you dont miss it :)
np. :)
oh,okay :) thanks ♥♥
welcome! if dementedness is your thing, then you just got lucky. :)
"#isthataproblem if i ♥ to tweet until i win the apple #ipad from #123rf.com?""nope, i just want to know the rules before i tweet." :)
fan voting for the acm entertainer of the year started today on cbs.com. :) :) :) :) help?
goodday to you :) x
so, how old are you now? :)
ha! caught you today! (i laid in wait... :-) good night...!
god is good all the time...... :)
i up early every am! my 4 yo gets up early every day :)
en route to go see my daddy then 4 hour drive, then work =)
i just arrived at hogwarts with harry :d that's right, i'm reading the books again!
rt@ meandmusics: thanks :)rt i love your tweets . usefull and awesome :)
q:hey:) you're gorgeous xxcan we be friends?? xoxo... a:heey.thanks :) of course bestfriends<3
followers , give me a favour k ? follow he's one amazing singer! you wont regret! be kind keyy :)
oh no :( keep practising and you'll get better. don't worry that was only one preformance :)
thanks for ff :)
forcing my nephew to watch videos at www.youtube.com/yayasan1malaysia --- u shld watch, too! :)
if you will be a belieber forever :)
:d
yeah, i am going over to my crazy cousions house later on :) you got any plans?
dear #jonasbrothers, 'hold on' we'll get you to #1 in the tt's, don't get 'paranoid' because you know you're 'much better.' :d <3
i'll follow the next who follows: :)
and can i just point out that i love yr hair :d lol
i follow back!!! :)
---->>follow him because hes is so nice :) 10
loads of kisses for a saturday :d xxx
i would love to see a day when #demilovato #jonasbrothers #justinbieber #taylorswift and #mileycyrus were trending at the same time :)
kon nang ndie im? melok po'o :) hoi 4 sekawan (cont)
solution buy starbucks coffee and diy '250g ncc dark roast coffee' :)
if everybody thinks your obsessed with justin bieber! :d
god is good all the time...... :)
aw; i love you! dont worry about stupid you know boys! im here for you! :) xx
lol, seriously, why do i even try :) ...
but if they just follow me i don't know that they want more info unless they either me or dm me. either would do :)
q:facebook or twitter? a:i have both and twitter is the best :d
guess who's in the trending topics ? are :d <3
cool, show me the base markings too if poss :) looking forward to seeing it, sounds like you got a bargain!
go and add the best of all ! --> :) ♥
yhh that makes twooo! o.^ :d
good morning !! big game 2 day for you :-) rooting for u 2 spank man u i'm thong 3-1 :-) enjoy the game...tx 4 kind words 2
you make a good argument, but i owe dad! he paid for my college education, closets full of clothes & a wedding in ireland :)
definitely :) and you too!
if you will be a belieber forever :)
i think dc looks good in it....that's bad isn't it!! :)
orhh gdgd :) let me know how it goes xx
haha! i'm just making fun of all the foursquare posts. #poorsquare is the "masa" version. :)
whatchu doin' here? :)
please refollow me :d
where are you from sweet ? :)
i believe all the ladies i "flirt" with (to use your terms) understand me well enough to chuckle at my tweets :-)
yup yup :) its ciaara_xo@hotmail im not on atm thouu cuz im guin off this soon (: buh ill accept yeaa later :)
i'm following you..so, could you follow me back? :)
---->>follow him because hes is so nice :) 9
its bonding us. with tvxq and with all fans, its making our bond stronger. :) #alwayskeepthefaith
that's great! congrats on the booking! :)
don't you mean 12:30 bst :)
just is! as if u miss me when im not tweetin' :) and hey, do u ever sleep?! lol xo
lmfao i agree :d
thx for follow & i follow u back :d and yees i talkin' with miley / lina too .. yeah rlly cool :d
woooeeeee! thanks very much for my mystery parcel! :d am on the lookout for something interesting backatcha.
#3 bieber fact : justin always smells his pizza before eat that :d
teyanaaaaaaa i love you give a shout out to your biggest uk fans me and keep doing ur thangg gurl we love u :)
i like mornings that start off with people who tell you "siempre guapa" :) #fb
just so everyone knows... we sat at table 13 at dinner tonight, by pure coincidence :)
625-629...just need 71 more :)
if you want a shoutout :)
what to do,you weren't here and was stalking me :-) along with big arjun who speaks filthy language.
thanks ya....amin2rt kaak cepet sembuh yaahh :) mudah2an sakitnya gak parah, amiinn..
thank you andrea! have a very wonderful weekend! :) #followfriday < loving you is my pleasure hemal! xo
i designed that! :)
just have done practicing with now heading to ex to get 'the-little-thing-i-need' :)
if you want me to list you 5 times :)
brb! straightening my hair :) <3
please please ! follow me back :)
playin sims bbl :)
aww thanks :)
one of the best so far! :) man arrested at large hadron collider claims he's from the future
if they do, then i'm a vegan 'cause i eat cows and cows eat grass :)
my jutin bieber skate shoes :)
hueloowrt kak please say hello to my beloved friend , she really really like you. thanks :)
lol :-) goodmorning 2 u love
they should do in hmv :d
wonderful! that's my entire point! :)
shooting auf dem dach.. :)
absolutely! and each one would lead a political party. i'd vote for chen kenichi :d
thankyouuu :) ♥
my parents know more about #jonasbrothers than about some of my friends :d
follow if u wanna, i'm nt fussed :)
goodnight, don't let the bedbugs bite =)
pls make sure youre subbed so you dont miss it :)
exactly so no excuses :d
<3 aww your the best! thanks for the tweet i see you really support me :d <3
hi :)
we had a lovely, lazy day of watching stuff & making crocheted kitty toys :)
"#isthataproblem if i ♥ to tweet until i win the apple #ipad from #123rf.com?""nope, i just want to know the rules before i tweet." :)
#nowplaying go audio made up stories :)
eeeeeeeey ! follow back ? : )
good morning kim :)
can you give me a shoutout :)
yo yo yo yo yo yo :) , its , who wants a good old shoutout ? x
going now boreed :d
pls make sure youre subbed so you dont miss it :)
if you think #jonasbrothers should trend every day :)
god is good all the time...... :)
yes we do just remember that we are all laffing with you! :)
last night on set a fan's husband gave light to rob to lit his cigarette..he gave a signature as his "thank you" /first on set signature/ :)
ooo nice! :o omg sjdodndudke fugative is at glasgow performing too! ahhh please tell him i say hi :d xxx
but u r not following me....i only follow to those who follows back :d
saturday i'll be there :)
tweet us if you want a shoutout :)
yeah, it was good, just made me feel uneasy. very atmospheric! :-)
way hotter than his brother! :)
i wanna know all your #secrets! one by one :-)
i'm watching halloween 2 right now. maybe after this? cause i should return all the help from first :)
she's got one serious bumper tho!! guys ur missin out lol, if i can twitpic her i will :)
lol i suppose! i'm fine just woke up. laying in bed :) x
that's harsh. :)
aww thank you very much x is it your birthday too :-)
ohmygoshhh samee!! i'm even thinking of going public ahaha :) if that's what it takess... might be embassing... ahaha :) :p
happy bithtday ! wish you all the best :)
saw that show the other day, some different biz :)
q:twitpic the hair? we need to make suree ;) a:i did :)
i know me too, we used to talk like all the time! don't worry, we'll talk more :d
thx 4 da luv #ff ===> <some of mi dmv tweeps> #follow them now :)
i'm waiting that :)
ta good choice of song :-)
conventry is your
closest date to me and that's still an hour away from
me :'( come birmingham please :d
back from school! no school on mondaay yay :) . its raining as .......idnt knw how to qualify this kind of weather smh :/
hey :d what you see them on? x
my dads fav :) #nowplaying brown girl in the ring boney m , one of ma ever time fav :)
yeah well.. im on sunday in 2 hours ok hahah :d hope you have a good easter :) trapped in the closet haha ;d #sexy ;)
i love colouring!! it's extremely relaxing. i took one while i travelled overseas once disney's hunchback of notre dame. :)
tweet us if you want a shoutout :)
watching 'bring it on' . love this movie :d
`christian :) u?
my day will consist of fashion an watching these guys :d
•-;;♥¤♥ my baby just went to work .! :)
im alright thnxx :) wat u up to?
stop messing with my mind! :)
today: clean my room > take out the trash > put some makeup on > get dressed > eat easter-dinner with granny :) ttyl.
im back :) haha
ahahaha, i know! :)
follow ---> tell me if you do! i'll give u a shoutout :)
pretty much everyone here has at least one kid with them :-) nice to see young palettes being broadened
ah ok, thanks. :)
my justin bieber skate shoes :) lmao
listening to the script :)
thanks... bro. : ) #krash fridays my boy is killing it get emmmmm
a belieber. :)
i need to talk to you. message me after your vacation :d
pmsl :) have you tried watching dumb & dumber .. everso funny :) ... re god, not so much but i do like chocolate & christmas!
still saving money. no, i'm still not telling why tho. everyone will see in about 2 months. :-)
if you want a shoutout :)
thanks :)
woah! why you up so early!? i'm fine thanks, just about to go out, so tweet ya later. :)
lol. no problem. now turn over and i'll be on my way :-)
yeah, obviiii. haha okay.. nighty night :)
loll no. epic fail right? ^_^ i remember people were like freaking out too. haha.
hbu? what ya doing on your spring break? hope you're having fun,sweetie!! :d
can u follow us were 2 teens who my mom have a lung cancer & trying to make a difference ! following show us u care! :)
oh dia wanita penghibur ya? kikikik love you full is in my house, menghibur seperti biasanya :d
lol how are you cutie lol :)
its okay =) i've watched like one episode lol i never find time for tv, i'll get the dvds when i get a break from school
i followeed her :)
i am so smiley today :)
:) u up to much now? x
just in!! i'll b heading back out again to watch the match in abt 20 mina time for a pot noodle :-) hehe
the joy of a car...quick trip to macds drive thru...@skepta & pumping out the whip =)
thanks! was looking for a local online shop, tho :) (indonesia)
god is good all the time...... :)
follow her now she is really nice!! gooo :)
okay! i know he will!!! :d
very funny :)
follow me?i will give you a shoutout :)
follow if you love those bieber tunes :)
movie, hmmm my girl kill me if i'm watching without her, coffee shop, do it day to day, want change of scene :d
lazy saturday morning with season one of how i met your mother :)
sore uchuuu.. ☺ iyaaa.. sip! :) ka tengkuuu soree.. ini uchu ka . oya ka have a (cont)
:d youu been up too much?xxxx
haha thank you =)
follow now :)
sayang aku ga bs ntn :( lain kli kbr2in ya thank you, tie.. ^_^ hoooottt! :p (cont)
see they say that im a role model but ii didnt ask to be (8) :d
yuuup me 2.....and i know the only person that called was my mom :d
oh, this didn't show up on my timeline :l:p it's as good as it was yesterday :p except it's supposed to rain today :p you?? :)
"strongbow in hand." you must be a rich man :)
it's always nice to show a :) right? so i'll put that :) after every tweet :)
#3 bieber fact : justin always smells his pizza before eat that :d
