plz follow very sweet and x-tremely talented lady. help her get more followers! :-)
i know i do, it sucks, haha. and cool! :d
love the doc...n hes got two hearts..one foreach of us...thanks bout the avi :)
omg ~ all i can think about is the game tonight~final four~go state!!!!!! my daughter is on her way there right this minute :)
can we start? :d
lol tell me about it :d xxx
:)
thank youuuuuu. :)
tx! :d i really want coldplay indonesia!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks :) got it
im going to go paint my nails now :)
itu dimana?? :d ayam bakar mas mono mas ren *sokkenal*rt gantari bolehh mas (cont)
sounds good to me. :) how was the museum?
heeey what's up? :)
oh hahaa yeaa me and abby are recording a video together for a jb competition :)
mosey over to llandudno and head up the great orme it's only a 15min drive down the a55. lovely town :-)
ahh your sooo close to 11,000 followers! :d glassgow are lucky ;) x
guy who never sleeps :) < llow me!
woop #jonasbrothers is a tt again!! loving it! &hearts ahaaha :d
playin zombie farm on my iphone :)
never tried that :) xxx
hey :d gut danke dir? :) awww haha ich dich auch<3 your german is good! :)
thx for following me :) followed u <3
thanks for following :)
hey anna keep your eye out for tides of virtue too! have fun :-)
haha, lets see can i beat my record =)
haha! :d neenga vaera!! my plans are floping for past 10+ years :p
ok doll. sounds good. miss you anyway could do with the catch up ^_^
more anger please? ^_^
yeah in canterbury and kent hospital lol.. its nice quiet compared to london :)
:keeping you in my prayers sweetie =)
haha i've always been cheap! :-)
just created a blog :d
yayy! thanks lauren :) i sent you an email.
q:i think you and your girlfriend are a very adorable couple :) (y)... a:thank you :)
looool *evil grin* nothing at all :)
i wish that were my question... lol :p «#girlplease that's a you question...what, err, who brought u uptown?? :d
i would like to see a snippet of info, then the plug. not just the plug. the "what will the weather do?" plug drives me nuts :)
you are so nice :-) thanks
lol apparently. thanks, steph. :) one more flight onward to porto alegre.
u mean 700 lol :d -tay
yes, because of my mum. and because it's moffat's first who. :)
brb. gotta help my mum with some stuff. i'll reply in a bit! :)
it worked :d thanks. i could only unfollow 50, though. but thanks, still :)
happy #jedwardeaster guys! loved you dancing in the window at the morgan. :) i loveee youuu. :)
that's just gross!! :) feel better though. allergies make you feel so freaking lousy
i missed that! yeah like a milky way, doesnt ruin your appetite. no.. dont have to wrk too hard to get out, just have fun :)
thx for following me :) followed u <3
<----follow her now she is really niice :)
goes to 1990 :d
same here and playing in farmville on facebook :d
a solr core on its own will be also available next week! =)
morning! mine will be working with extra cheerful customers today i'm sure. :)
i currently spend 7 hours every saturday with barnes cc and get a diet coke bought for me at the end :)
love you x1000 :) enjoy the wkend to your fullest!! tell aniya i say hi hee :)
=o you're sooo lucky!! i might be able to do all 3 but i want to get a meet and great so i wont afford all of them =)
yay! tweetup!! me want in too =)
thanks for following me :) following you back now #indonesianeedsdemi
still 60 minutes to go :) lots of game left...absolutely hate chelsea so am cheering man utd in this one
angry yeah? :)
happy ipad day, ars readers. :) many of us on staff are getting ready for ours. are you?
if u love justin bieber ! so i can list u =)
anyways.. morning/afternoon tweeps! how is everyone? :)
the sun's starting to come out :) need to sort out the mop an that
i am & i can admit :d
yum yum hope its a good one.. i made rice krispie buns for last party and the were demolished :)
really? u have the same name as my mom :) haha. ur welcome..
i'll do a funds transfer if you can bring me one back please :)
lo suka apanya marv? hahhaha thanks for telling yah :d enak the chocos and didaerah situ jg byk good places weeee!
just join in :)
yess. you have to hear the other stuff. it's awesome :)
going to the movies with today ! we are seeing the last song : ) ` i have a feeling we're both gonna cry <3
this if you have loganlermansyndrome and loganlermanfever :)
oh wow.am so amazed wit this new book called "public lynching of new journey".very spiritual and funny! kudos and bravo to author :)
ask me anything :)
time for my break. taken girls to kids kingdom so they can run around like nutters :-)
a line of one person is.... a spot. :)
offline :) i'll list the next people who follow me and !!! ;)
happy #jedwardeaster guys! loved you dancing in the window at the morgan. :) trending worldwide yis are so totally awesome.
lol. that's the remote server used for testing :)
is how you should actually measure how much of the processor is being used. common mistake :)
^_^ yes please. are you coming to sitc?
tonight is black and white party. that's a damn cool theme party cause black is my fav color, like echo's :d
you're welcome :)
today i'm going to busch gardens! :d
if u think miley is the beautifullest woman ever ! :) #mileyforever
we're working on it. target naman to launch it this year. :) ms. kat, nka 4 (cont)
woop #jonasbrothers is a tt again!! loving it! &hearts ahaaha :d
followed! :)
hey man thanks for the #holla and follow....i followed u back =)
i won't apologize selena gomez. first 3! :) -->
our personal acc's are follow a random 1 :d
lmao! google her. she's amazing :d
micro breweries are awesome. a drinking tour is always great times :d
thankss :) x
lmao! chill out! the game isn't done yet :) #manutd!! x
yepyep! the size is okay! :d always tot it's bigger hehehe!
if u think miley is the beautifullest woman ever ! :) #mileyforever
goooood :) .. i'm okaay thankyouu, (; whaaasup? :l
if real madrid wins we will be #1 for 3 points of diference :d but if the barcelona wins...the same,the bcn #1,with 3 points of diference :/
