"morniiing!! :) (welcome:)) ♫
great :) you??
yeah, i like that part too! :) gooosh this glee's scene ( sing imagine ) so touchy ...!!!!!!
doing good. just laying in bed. wby? what r u up to today? :)
sat in the corner all day :) glad he learned his lesson { }
please refollow me? :d
#justinbieber is amazing star ever! he is our big star!!! we love him so much! :)
aha, howaaa you :) xx
nope. the eleventh hour is 65 minutes long. :)
aahhhhhh! :d are you serious?! that's awesome!!!! i love her!
hey good night...anal beads...im intrigued. need to do that scene shoeless :)
check out the party post the official forum: no need to create an account, use your ww username & password :d
many happy returns of the day buddy..#happyburpday :)
if i had chairs in my car, and i would have crashed :) totally forgot and great movie !
lol! chelsea! chelsea! chelsea! chelsea! chelsea! chelsea! chelsea! • a friend with flaws,is still my friend :)
me, too :) i'm hoping to get to the interior for a canoe trip this summer. *fingers crossed* i miss ak like crazy.
cheers, ! not much :)
if you want me to follow you and u should follow me first :)
i need a co-owner badly. :)
if we don't stand up for children, then we don't stand for much. edelman #quote :) we must stand for the young ones!
iseng2 berhadiah gelas cantik..rt hu'uhm :d iseng ngetwitt aja ga prnh drt yak (cont)
yay i passed 500 followers, thanks guys! and if you ever have any news/pics/info send it in and i'll credit you :)
i will :d
old memories? od memories ...? :-)
on di go bout to guh pick these special needs adultz :-)
what do you mean by that? what if boss says "salary dene ka mann nahi karta :d
hey! :)
hahhhh well watching the football soon :) cumon chelsea! then going to the icnema later :) x
what is your goal sweet ? :d
gw bawa kebab/mac? :) thank you and banyak sekali makanan dibawa, tp aku msh susah makan (t_t)
haha! they're just anagrams of the name "norah jones" :)
follow now :d
:d thanks
llleeeebbbayyyy ngefans euy sama :d
yep , of course! :d
q:oh hey biffle. i love you. a:haha :d loveyaa too <3 bifflee!!
ty. [c] [my bg account] :d
from that blog thing :)
that's called being a husband :)
watched the quali text on the bbc and scared my workmates with laughter. lunchbreak = jeans shopping, bacon sarnie & tweet reading :-)
it's marmite...what do you expect? :-)
how can you miss doctor who going out live. heathen :)
bwk :)
followed back everyone that asked :) <3
comeon :) ask anythingg( :
i have no clue to he honest. lol :)
ooohh i wouldn't mind :d get famous, i had my eyes poked out by jls ;). neverrr with jason derulo :d
nicee :)
please refollow me :)
just had a lovely chat on the phone with my 3 year old great niece :) she is so sweet ;)
#nowplaying fugative "crush"<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 :-) , x
#demilovato has the best voice live! :d ♥
can u guys follow ?? shes one of my best friends :)
guurd (y) and its okay lazibum :) what ya duin today? x
thnx :)
thanks for the ff :d
twitter is full of clowns and copy cats get a real name not a new released albums name...#justsaying #blottles :)
thanks! i certainly plan to, which is why i'm hoping to get them quite soon, at least four months before the actual climb. :)
check out this video i made on youtube, it's a eclipse fan-made trailer, hope ya like it :) -->>
exactly :-)
loving plan b and 'she said' :-)
i don't really care tbh, but i would prefer chelsea to win. :)
i have read the bible actually :) but i guess you havent.
the list is long! but after 12 years over here in japan i have found a few favourites at the supermarkets over here too :-)
thank you! i hope i can do it :) wish i could show you the video, but i don't think i can :(
what's my favorite word...... dope :) lol
he should go in to bollywood or lollywood to make his life story -dhoni 2nd film role will be shoaib malik story :) lol
my world 2.0 ends, and my world starts. :d
yeh it was haha thanks :) but theyre never gona tweet meee!! :( xx
thanks! i'm going to try :d
i have room for 15 more elite affiliates. so if you wanna be an elite with send me a dm =)
thankyouuuu #mileyforever :)
#jonasbrothers should be trending everyday since justinbieber is trending everyday too. :)
new party invitation! :d spread the word! :d
vote for we all know that jedward are the sexiest people going on twitter :) xxxxxxx
aww, thank you!! <3 :) how are you?
danke <3 :) << follow now!!
exactly! :)
theres a belieber bible lol, and it says that justin is our god.. so mwuaha :)
absolutely no problem, and thanks for following me too. happy shopping :)
:-) that's what i'm talkin bout up 730 on saturday --- nuf said
#demilovato has the best voice live! :d ♥
"greed is good," says gordon gekko (played by michael douglas) in wall street :-) re. greed, business ethics
the whole social media team wil thank you wholeheartedly for that donation :)
i'm good thanks :) having an easy day at home :)
haha ok, would u please follow and give them shoutouts? :)
yeah coz u already protected ur tweets :) it mean u dont need followers :)
ayo :d but where? ._.
#justinbieber is amazing star ever! he is our big star!!! we love him so much! :)
everyone follow , shes one of the best friends i have ever had, i love her :)
offline now. :( please help me get to 3ooo.. maybe some of my co-owners can come online here and give shoutouts for shoutouts :)
c'mon :)
ooo gettin a tattoo yh =) wat u getting? i'm jus gonna watch football and practice
her laugh is the best ever :d #demilovato's smile is the best smile in the whole world!!!
pmsl :l eee you make me laugh :) i lovee winding you up ;) haha! don't worry, is all yours, but he is sexy!
u're welcome miii :) thank youuu yaa med udaa di follow back , ehehhhhheee
jus sorting my stuff out im off spain tomorrow :) wyd?
hellooo :)
text from my dad asking if i want a really old map of northumberland from a charity shop. he knows me well :)
help me reach my goal? i'll help you back ♥ :)
check out this video i made on youtube of a eclipse fanmade trailer :) -->>
my #twittermojo gone! cant get into it cant get into it, gone for some breakfast might help :)
wellll thankssss, :)
it was the evil spirits lol i havent seen the 1st one in ages. drive ins are the best!! i wish i seen that the drive in :d
photoshop users! do you know where to get bow brushes? :)
haha! tasman is such a bad boy :d x
heyy please can i have a shoutout?.. :) <3
had another quick play with a macbook pro yesterday. i'm so ready for this :d
hello sweet sister :d i'm fine! wish you amazing weekend!
check out the party post the official forum: no need to create an account, use your ww username & password :d
thanks :)
can you listen to it? :d
definitely :d bieber's more successful ;)
happy easter to you all in rome! tis only saturday for me, yet. :d have fun!
i loved the now show's analogy of protecting farriers by forcing cars to have horseshoes :) #debill
its ok! dont worry about it :d x
if justin bieber is following you :)
not usually, but tonight i'm bored. :d
sounds like the way to go hehe :)
thanks for the tip :)
hey, would u mind to refollow me? :)
ahh :d i've never actually tried them before aha :l xx
i'm not trying to hide that. i'm just saying that's an interesting popup. :)
haha wasnt expecting that one :)
aww <3 haha i love you :) i was just kidding
train tickets booked for me trip to wakey :d
#alwayskeepthefaith is tt ! =)
btw, i'm neither republican or democrat. :-)
ty 4 the mention :-)
gooodgood! :d mwah i dont know what to do .. it's raining *-* lol xx
saturday :d eastern :p we painted the eggs, you? :d
have a nice drive :)
mum and dad on my wrist :) .. ohh nice! you play football too?
right moment + right place + right person = perfect :)
lioongbulan satnite wif my lioo :)
i've been cast as the anti ipad guy. hmmm. (via .. makes 2 of us :)
i live in germany :) you?
i agree with laura! was just thinking about our train journey together this morning and it made me smile :) hugs xxxxx
okay : ) gpp gw aja yg add lo,ley..dm pin baru lo ya..thanks dear blm gue (cont)
re: comic book purism. it's important to have standards :)
at thehouse, trying to figure out what to do with all the stuff accumulated over the last year. anyone want a pretty lamp? :)
:) thanks i have another one i'm trying to upload but it isn't working from my phone :/ how's your family
i'm totally serious!! i asked her to follow me last night and she is! :d :d
a friend text me this afternoon "hi jak,how r u?its bn quiet a while. sumagot ako ng "eto tahimik lang" :)
rofl gf: have you been havin sex behind my back...(long pause) bf: who the fuck did you think that was behind your back??? :d
you could always tell me :)
ipad is now in ny. departure scanned at 715am. :)
haha i don't want my non-thai followers to hate me =p i guess i have enough of that for today :) u havin fun at 6 in the morn? =)
aww scampy is licking jack on the head :-) bless <3
loved the new aliens. very cool blue, looked iridescent. backward knees too. (shivers) great job. space battles whew! :d
:) good morning lynn ! good morning gang
guna play mario kart on the wii :d #justinbieber
car wash. feels weirds breaking protocol and doing ice tea instead of the usual windhoek. :)
i really hope it's just a teddy bear... go to sleep! the easter bunny will come soon :)
yes! u guys were the best huggers. lol. i'm chatting w/ sthan telling him how much u guys r missed. have fun partying! :)
followed yaa, follow back dong :)
clash of the titans kayanya naaa :) sini ajaa dulu, gue lagi di oakwood nii :)
today: record a speaking up + record full interview + assorted research. all of it done in my pajamas. i love me some saturday. :)
thank you for all the photos guys, had a great time at the meet and greet and at abrakebabra! x :)
and yes... turkish band mor ve otesi are my favourite :)
:) welcome!
ahhh. i worry about too much chocolate. we don't overdo it either. :)
hahahaha good choice :)
if you want me to list you. : )
thanks for the follow. :)
#mileyforever <3 plz :)
check out the race reports on www.skiff.org.au :) there's some video coming soon as well!
thank sweetie! love you xoxo :)
i have lunch back later :)
yeah, i'm near london and thanks so much :)
thank you for ur wonderful tweets :d i love u :d
afternoon all ! working on stuff :-) going to be a long but productive day !
i made this account for fun, not for make enemy.. :)
kangen yah sm estiiiil :d ooh my other bitch is coming too yay :d
join them in their song instead? :)
you r welcome :d (hugback) um.. this is weird question but you r a girl or a boy ? lol sorry thanks so
this if ya want a shoutouts :d
good night everyone :) ill be really happy if i have 950 folllowers tmmr :) i only need 8 more . ill return the favor . jus dm . telling me.
hahaha you shouldnt have turned them off! i know what u mean tho haha :) im watching chelsea vs man united atm :) x
i thought it was! :)
saba7ak a7la saba7 .. scented in the freshness of spring & the beauty of life :)
she's my bitch :)
haha hey =) whats up ?
#peopleshould follow these cool fact-saying twitters: =)
q:suuuuuuuuuuuup a:nothing much :)
1 of my alltime favs!! when do the promos go out? looking fwd to hear it :-)
you can stop if you want :) and thank you :)
right moment + right place + right person = perfect :)
lol iiqht :d
u cant be seen there, thats whats wrong with it :)
hehe :) deal ha? kung ayoko sa kanya benta ko sayo :) i used that logic e. "y not? if i don't like it, it's ez to sell" :)
20 more? :)
yea i'm checking everyday..lol i so wana see it :)
hahaha its just to piss her off :)
ha yeah it's a perfect number :)
i shall look.i'm actually wearing a harris tweed jacket today 5 quid from the cats protection league shop :)
yeah i'm alright :) thanks for caring :d he's just annoying me alot today ... :( xxx
follow>> <<<now!!! =) x
it is. :) phuongshock always thought this outfit was cute on him! #501carrotsformal
2 new vids in 8 hours!!!!! :d /via i did music for one, so folks: you are required to watch.
