awn que linda!! bom dia flor. :d
if i could be ice creaaam...uhm the most delicious ice cream in the world would you mind to tastes meee?? :)
brp2 dii?rt add pin :) udaaaa dongg! senanngggg! hihihi (cont)
omg yukyukyukyukyukkk! yea friday sounds good :)
happy #ncaa hoops saturday :) can't wait for the final 4 madness to start already!!
so make her feel that she's for real, and she'll give you happiness. :)
thank you cha!! :)
shoutout 4 shoutout? :)
when you looking to tour futureboy and did you get my dm? :)
it sure is :) lol
nope. but will send your regards to her :)
nice! :)
if you want me to list you :)
its beautiful :-) which software do u use? we use paintshop pro and photoshop
i'm hard to edit sometimes i write in prose as a joke. : )
thanks :) haha thanks i get called ugly at school so i go with it!
mau i don't know =) #nowonair amanda,soright,daydream udah,abis ini mau dengerin kita bawain apa lagi ;) ?? only at 89.2fm
i love you :)
hello, thank you! :)
hey woooooooooooooooooooow great yaar, where at his residence ? super, must b thrilled 2 bits ryt now :) :) congrats :d
hello, my friend :) training course! lovely! so just like me then!! ;)
yess!!!! :d !!
i knowrt me too . :) i love #jonasbrothers 's voice
cheers for the #ff! :) so nervous for today!
if you are online :)
blame neil, he's got a memory of a goldfish!! come visit us in brighton :)
haha. :)) well, my auntie is coming up from london today. so gotta make the house clean.lol.then going to a party later. :)
my pleasure pete thanks for having me and paying me w/ some nice meat :-)
yooo hotties :)
ok thanks :) followed : folback yah sistaa :)
haha,yea. fine,hbu ? btw,thats my name. :)
thanks,got angry & started to waffle :-) will cause controversy soon & blog about lucas :-) am good,looking forward to brum-you?
mine 2 :) my time line is almost full of #united :)
up so early cuz i couldn't get a wink of sleep last nite it's 06:40am in martinique! :)
have to be following back =)
and best enjoyed at full volume, one of my favorite pleasures in life is that tune at full volume! not too often mind! :-)
heyy, happy easter to u too!! =) where's my easter egg?? haha im kidding. well nothing much. just doing corrections. u?
good morning! churros for breakfast? where are you in heaven? i'm still thinking what to make for breakfast =)
we're the coolest a person can be.. its just you and me in world that are sooo cool..! :d <3
a glass of moscato & a smile, my nights complete :)
please follow he's a singer/songwriter! :d
damn to on :)
i have a page :) are you from germany ?
going to spend it with my family :) xxx
take that ass to sleep ! :)
only 1411 tigers left ... plz take care of the 1410. ill take care of myslef :) #pj #savetigers
awsomee :) i lalala love it! <3
i know :) how was ur day?
glad to see your obsession continues :)
speakin of deltas & u guys r da best :) awwwww
ouch!! thats bad tho =/ stay strong :)
can i have some :) ** none fi u
got my ticket! :d eeee rpatz!
giving up on that video for tonight, so not working :| gonna make a random video with my sister instead :d
lets tweet back after ur 3rd..gets better & better! :d haha you're a fan? it's potent!
&& the person that owned the dog tag is dead =) would this be a bonus ? cuz u didnt see ur ques till now =/
hey please follow me back :)
listening to ♫ new blood 010 ♫ awesomely nice chill dnb :)
a movement created by my hubby :)
no thx. i'm already getting a free ipad as a gift! :-)
btw thank you for making readability for firefox its a real great help for me :)
if you want more followers :)
have to be following back =)
i know. but she's not back till june :)
follow; noww! , i will give you a shoutout if you do! :)
time for some #mw2 :-)
oh, not much actually x) wbu? :)
the rolling stones – jumpin' jack flash :-) this makes me smile! perfect song for saturday morning! ♫
digital file-e manaaa.. ga sido dibuatin proposal tah?? boarding now. cu in an hour :)
yes sir! well i hope that's what one's opinion is of me after they hear me anyway =)
i meant that date, before you start... :)
haha awsome im just tweeting and talking to my sis on phonee :)
rt: if you want me to follow you! :)
hey. ngetweet #indonesiawantsgaga 1x aja di stiap tweet. kalo byk2 gitu namanya spam dan ga akan jd tt :)
backkk , was having lots of fun on with competitions and all so follow it :)
#nowfollowing :)
who feels like being followed by us?? :)
mornin all! now a light breakfast before working ut with my sistas =)
by your hint decided to do the same. cnn, telegraph are in the spyware zone hahaha :d
yes i know already been over there & commented :) x
i miss my ruby friend too. :)
photo shoot today! you can have 1 hint as to what i am shooting and it's the location... :)
lmao obviously :p lol whatsup :)
karena rw udah dimakan oleh the menokatssss :d
yeah kaisa rishta hain.... , yeah zindagi hain... , khel zindagi ka :-) let us know who's u like
there's a whole lot of meeting to do hope there's time for it all :-)
lol good point ! well let me know what ya get :)
goodnight :)
first lady? too much west wing for you :)
welcome back! :)
its definitely a good one. :)
jonas ftw! c'monn vote. justin bieber or jonas brothers? :)
i'm doing good,thanks! and you? :)
i just changed my profile's picture =)
where did ya get ya lakers jumper from? =) xx
if you want me to follow you =)
ssshh? i wont tell anyone :) lol
i like his bodie! :d ah, i am such a perv :d x
that's ok. i usually use enough for all of us. :) #deepthoughts
heeey guys!! belieber is a tt!!!!! wow! its about me, u know lol :d
happy birthday ! :)
its actually 197 more follwers until 18,500, so if any of my followers aint following him, can you please now? :)
ordered!!!!! <<oooh very nice :d
follow and i can dm a nice surprise to you and solve your "i haven't tried problem :-) tweet me when u follow
nice. i'll check it out :)
just got in. i'll be here in the magic kindom creating epic-ness until i my eyes literally can't stay open anymore :)
11 days till the last song comes out in portugal! i can't wait to see it because the book was so amazing & i think miley did a great job! :)
#nowplaying hand up by the wonderful ily ily ily :d
yay, i was the 1st who rt-ed it :d
goood. hi energy :) awesome view
i love you :)
please follow me back :)
i used to be very aspie when younger, largely recovered in recent years. still have my moments! :)
followed followed. follback ya thanks :)
err...*ahem* sorry about that *shifty grin* you put that better than i could have, hope you don't mind. won't do it again. :)
yeah the weathers been getting nicer so it's much better :) i need 2 find a polish starbucks so i can get a polish cup!
i'll listen to it once i'm done with this call :d
follow > follow > follow > follow > follow > :) 2
not that bad :-)
my pleasure, i enjoyed your story :)
everyone follow as futureboy is out 3rd may :)
hm, i'll try again next time :)
lmaoi he's a hot boy lmao too cute .. i love the babies :)
i didn't perform last night... was just chillin' there :-)
just been linked to this picture on facebook; me and my siblings...awwww :)
follow > follow > follow > follow > follow > :) 1
i land 4pm sun :d miss u and ur sexy girl
am happy with the asu and jancak compliment :d asek nemu kata-kata baru yang lumayan alus buat ngatain orang. hachiko
problem with 52/7 in that i've taken more than 7 pics i really like this week. oh well, may just have to cheat :)
i love your icon :)
im downloading it now, thanks :) x
i know the sites in ur browsing history :)
awww thanks :) i love you too
you've made it onto the front page on etsy today!!! congrats :) i'll take a screen shot for you.
followed followback plis :)
i love you :)
can we hear/read the interview with ashley roberts somewhere? :)
same .. kinda bored .. eating lunch :) <3 like ur new name xd :) <3
np, if you want anymore feel free to give me a shout :)
going to the cinema with my boyfriend tdaay :)
ok, i've decided that i will give away the ipad based on someone who follows and retweet me. :-) #ipad
i'm proud to call myself a #jonasbrothers fan : )
this is you want us to follow you back :)
but i just write it because i feel like doing so :)
hey ^_^
#nowplaying have it all. :)
i miss you too :) just realize how much i miss my friends...
i'm up had my shower getting ready to take my niece cinema :)
sure we can get a recorded version somehow.will keep u posted :-)
oh yeah! hahah thank you! at gmtv i'll just give her the cuddly dog. :)
thank you leeds!!! amazing as always. can't beleive how many of you were there till the end :) see you soon!! next stop cream liverpool!!!!
thx for follow :)
hey :) are u a friend of coryns?
greaat thanks wbu? :d x
i need to be on deck againn. that shit went in 1 day!!! im the type of drug dealer who u can wake up at 4 in the morning to get a sack. :)
11 days till the last song comes out in portugal! i can't wait to see it because the book was so amazing & i think miley did a great job! :)
if you love #np i cant wait for christmas :d
just walked past the dog poo again.... remembered to avoid it this time :) :p lol!
me :) if you want me to list and follow you.
i am actually. you've found me out. :d
btw, did you get to interview a certain mr collins at la con? inquiring minds and all that! :)
so watchu gonna eat when u get in lol :)
i love you :)
dope sold out! put a sign there > "make your way back to barsonic" its even more kickin' there. :)
i am going to watch my hi dvds soon as well. :-)
o really? apa lg filmnya? me love"it's complicated"too!nancy meyers movies are always great! :)
happy birthday, momma. although you nag me every single day which is damn annoying, i still love you. :) not like she'll read this anyway,
not sure you are allowed to sell that on it's own ... where are the other 3 in the pack :)
so sorry. didn't read your tweets till after i'd put the iron away :-)
this is you want us to follow you back :)
#jonasbrothers is a tt =) woooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
#peopleshould know i am a jonas fan aswell as a true belieber is that a problem?! :)
this message and follow for a chance to win an apple ipad. and you don't have to be irish :)
there are millions of beliebers in england :d
#nowfollowing :)
en wie beweerde hier nog dat de sound of music slecht is :) ahhh, you've got good taste i see ;)
thanks guys :)
i know :) but we have to wait till the 30th i think :(
i sure hope so! :) is this a sign?!!!
scotland huh? have you signed up for the site? some prizes can work even for you scots. :-)
hey :) , how r u all ?
i see that babi, yes i did thx 2 u :)
yes it is :) it healed up tho and yesterday i was trying to repierce it with a belly bar lol managed to get it through
in that case, i'm screwed. :)
this is you want us to follow you back :)
i listen stuck in the moment :d and u ? :)
where did ya get ya lakers jumper from? =) x :0
watch 's vlogs on youtube. they are awesome :d www.youtube.com/alwaysf0rever
follow me back please ? :)
she got 5 now thanks :d!! ill keep goingn to get you 2more :)
haha yeaah! :d #jonasbrothers fans rocks too xdd
good morning david brown here...highs upper 60s coast to near 80 inland. sunny and warm sun /via yes!!!!!!! :)
i love you :)
lisbon and what about you?? :)
i'm greaaat thanks :d what time is it in chicago?
haha, cursed a lot this morning already....ahum....it´s not going easy but we keep smiling :-) lol
oh yes we've done that too. something tells me the easter bunny will be muttering "credit-crunched" this year :)
yeah sure :) #jonasbrothers
i didn't find dpreview.com much helpful. thanks. expecting very good models :-)
