good morning world! i love saturdays.and coffee. together :-)
good morning world :)
nahh i go with wat the people at school think! they call me ugly lol! :d
funny after noon so far with haha. she got a lid stuck to her butt. going out for lunch soon! :d
arsenal! :d
lol aww : ) how do i know you are ? prove it
heyy :)
so please bare with me :)
lol! gonna be a long day at the sullivan house :)
that's okay :) i'm all good thanks, you?
happy easter wkend > <-- ty! =)
my pleasure. hope its all going well for you :)
on route :)
i'm sure it could be another case of a win from 17 and 20 :) blooming rain!
i eventually found an ipod usb! now i can listen to songs out again! yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay! <3 :d , x
hey lady keep me posted on any new exhibits works etc. that your doing. :-)
follow me thanks :)
haha! who wouldn't want to touch that ass!!! enferna had a great job! :)
and teach ast how to reply and dm..k thanks :) xx
#jedwardeaster tweeeet me :) i love you guyss
on mondayyyyyyyyy :) mueng ma jer gu leiiiii
#jedwardeaster happy easter! i love you! have a great easter :d i have jedward eggs! xxx
thank you! :) #ff
if your one of my besties! i will list you if i havent already :)
i'm just with nick at the movies haha, what about you? what are you up to? :)
that's how i feel! :-)
cool shoes. talk about getting stoked! :)
if u'r following me <3 :)
[echo'd] sat shouts #blink182 :)
...cheering for you! :)
i can't live without men fosho :d
great no complaints :-)
gold coast! showtime 1am :)
askk baby :d
i hear ya...i woke up at 5 and said no way! held out until 6 lol you'll earn free time for later today :-)
heyy ! how are you ? we miss you ! :)
thank you! :) #ff
enjoy! good to see you :)
looks like i made a connection... & i knew you two would be good peeps, cuz your both my peeps! :)
hiiiiii have an amazing easter :d xxxxxx #jedwardeaster
no time out until november when my stint as chair of tabi ends :-)
nice day :) but i dont know that i can do haha
thanks again, i can't wait to get my coffee! stoked! :)
huge happy birthday to have a great day :d
#jedwardeaster tweet me i got you trending :) x
there he is! 17 years of catch up in 140 chars or less, go! :) #stillasadlad ;)
heathrow airport. next stop. barcelona. :d
did my 2 oceans in 2h28! sooooo proud...of myself :) !! proud of u too...!!
email me!! all the time =) i would love that! and lol, i feel dirty about the gang-banging now
and so have we! we're gonna be breaking our own record :d #csk #ipl
we helped you get 100 thousand followers, so why dont you follow us back?! :d xx
if u want me to follow u ! but u must follow me first! =)
i'm awake! and i'm happy :)
yay! thank you! =x << jus for u :) hehe
its np :) x
thank you! :) #ff
top 20 #goodmorning #shoutout <---- morning :-)
good morning :-)
me. and it's storming out. and i wish i was more than just half-asleep. :) how are you doing?
if u want shoutouts :)
going to mass in the morning :)
up early at the hair salon getting my hair permed =)
about ten min walk from where we are now. between camden town & st pancras :)
go follow >> :) <33
haha, you? have you co-owned an account? :)
yep, sent him the website. :) #fairtrade
:) good morning ivy !! good morning everyone :)
get those tablets down your neck and get in that happy place you'll be sound haha :) xx
thank you! :) #ff
all good.. i need to get ready for the studio soon :) :) excited lol
who wants some personal shoutouts? tweet me with #indonesianeedsdemi ! :)
well it's a book reader :) and it's free! it's a priceless app for me..:)
trouble is i like those bits the best too but she is my 'friend' and it is easter and it's not chocolate :)
share your love for park jung min! :) #501carrotsformal
hey, i found my car! bardot killed it and the karma foundation afterparty was off the hook. spending the night in toluca lake. good night :)
like this deddy :) check mate !rt then why am i more famous than you? dasar botak ga jelas
still doing , shoutout 4 shoutout : )
happy #jedwardeaster got your autograph from the morgan hotel. you were awesome in the window. :d
.follow back? thanks!! :d
you're welcome babe :d <3
if u'r following me <3 :)
i will text u. i have nothing to do here naman. check out ur phone hun ha. =)
if u'r following me <3 :)
england :) you ?
wait. did you say "weather lab?" um, that's awesome. we have to talk. :d
hahah sorry! i'll talk to you later :d
you are going to love bali :)
aww, thank you nick :) <333
dondu of course is a competitor, but there is only one winner :) :) :)
def not the same without you! :)
oh cool.. :-) so, how are you? :d
okayy jonas family! i have to leave to goo shopping. remember keep #jonasbrothers trending. i love you guys! :) x
happy saturday everyone! :)
if u'r following me <3 :)
what does everyone think og chipmunk and esmee denters new track? i think its class :d let me know what you think xx
thank you! :) #ff
happy #jedwardeaster got your autograph from the morgan hotel. you were awesome in the window. :)
put out a free hymns ep for easter, and it's really good. :) you can grab it here:
lol! i put in two! its on the coach!! :)
hi, how are you? :)
but how? i'm ok with timeline spam, coz i'm using lists to follow tweets :-)
follow me thanks :)
yeahh :) , i will do it in 1min :) <33 x
spent yesterday grading..will do some today and rest tomorrow grades due tue 4/6 but spring is here :-)
all is well...woosaahhh...we'll hit back :)
ah the art of embellishment :) glad you guys seem to be having an amazing time.
please follow me? :d x
my knitting has slowed too. i've had 1 project to bind off for over a month but no time to sit down & just do it. :) happy easter!
wohoooo! ang saya! hehehe excited lang kami! saan? abangan! ;) dito kami hotel ngaun, may ginagawang churva! hahaha ano? abangan din! :)
i'm loading them to here as i go. check it out :)
good morning gayle. hope you have a wonderful day :-)
and my dear fellow i took it as such! how are you today sir? :-)
*happy birthday* tracy, have a fantastic day.......love and hugs :) xxxxxxx
thanks =) schon ?! =o
scotland has quite a few places like that we stayed in a couple; well equipped kitchens & fresh local produce on arrival :)
good morning! gl to you today too : )
suprised? naah i don't think so. :d naaaah, cool :p
doing f all today, having a me day and watch footy and eat rubbish all day long haha :) xx
hellllllllllooo people, enjoy yer saturday night! :)
ahah! event.stopimmediatepropagation() is my new bff. :d #geekalert
reesh! pleeeeeease look at this bag...what do u think? please comment. it doesnt take long :d xxxxxx
loving labours #peopleposters design! what a spectacular own goal! brilliant. :-)
<< everyone follow now :d !
50 photo's that are just brilliant images -> #photos astounding!!! be sure to see number 21 :-)
up and at 'em early this am. with for client meeting, then to to work on projects. :)
of course,his music.. :)
he's here he's there his every f*cking where joey cole! joey cole!!! :d
follow me thanks :)
take a look at this :) xx
you writer, you. :)
joe cole scores : )
boa chelsea!! :)
wow ! nice goal cole :) #epl #chelsea
reesh! pleeeeeease look at this bag...what do u think? please comment. it doesnt take long :d xxxxxxx
i'm getting restless~i can see my first class seat on #unitedairlines jetting me somewhere again!#restless #bevhills #la #marcusdoucette :)
off to nana's house soon! :) love my nan, she's my rock <3
sure followed :)
well done mike, great quali result. onwards and upwards, and thanks for keeping it real :-)
g'morning baby.. i'm loving your new twitcon =) *muahhhhh*
reesh! pleeeeeease look at this bag...what do u think? please comment. it doesnt take long :d xxxxx
#jonasbrothers, i love you. :)
brilliant play from flomo and joey :d
haha koool! yea im im going in a sugar house with my friend and family and you ? no they are free :d
me too hon, i'm addicted to twitter. but i've made real friends here. :)
just followed ----> :)
ilike the mj in my avatar :d
happy birthday to ss501 park jungmin. wish you all the best~ :) #501carrotsformal
bought me this :d
#followfriday not forgetting my twitterfamily and happy saturday :)
follow me thanks :)
good. it'll feel good beating this team then.. :) it's the same squad when chelsea defeated villa 7-1
thanks staci :) .. how's your easter weekend going?
exactly, whats new with u buddy :)
thank u for the cuppa :) yes it must be so hard for her to do that lol :) x
but lunchtime today, means i get a break from studying :) happy easter to you too
now following :)
which header is better on www.wenks.tk? the old one of the new one? :)
haha he izzz :) andd aaron and hmv? what planet you on? xd xx
yayy :d i know i listed youu xd heeeey :p
i'm very unloving to my family :)
:) did u read the tweets about the eggs? =stone that was rolled away!
oooh....hehehe. thank you! :)
i'm proud to be #jonasbrothers fans :) let's make it 1st! :d
at a music video shoot. ang saya :) nag pang abot din kame hahaha!!!
hiyaa!! it's been good thanks, how's your easter going!? i've got no eggs :( hope your well :d x
i love ash so much. is a god. :)
look who's there :-)
goood thanks, you? :)
td siang tau2 dia unfollow,pdhl i didnt do anything, bacot jg jarang --" can u pls help me ga? dmin dia spy refollow aku :)
are you watching capello???? yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh :d
jung min, who has always prepared a special number to all his fans during persona :) awesome! #501carrotsformal
glee cast on oprah : syutingnya hari ini, tayangnya nanti tanggal 7-an :)
i really like it hun :) fits perfectly on my screen. x
the official 2010 dizzy-reunion merchandise is now available online :-)
:-) now, why would you follow f1... ;-) did you catch the tweet about jensen button's gf a little earlier?
refollow me pleasee :)
woooo hoooo!!!!! joey cole! having a great time at old trafford! :)
goood morninggg tweethearts . [ dnt be rude. say it back ) ! morningg :)
pleeeease look at this bag i made....its has ur bands logo asteezy :) xxxxx
oit tuurdd!! :l follow if your not alreaaddyy!! :d xx
happy #jedwardeaster got your autograph from the morgan hotel. you were awesome in the window. :) follow please?
is sipping her italian roast coffee & looking forward to a fun day w/friends! :)
you mean the wildlife park? dude you can spend hours in there, you get monkeys and you're helping conserve wildlife! :)
yeah, your life is always in your hands walking thru there..especially on a fri night :)
ive got a cadbury dairy milk bar right downstairs :)
if u want shoutouts :)
president o is hilarious!!!! love him! lol! that clip was so priceless! :-)
yeahh no rush :) try dm'in some ppl and see if they will follow me. tell them that i'll follow back :d
keep up :-)
i'm loving watching people show up on my revolver globe widget. i'm waving at you from space. hi! :)
word! glad you caught it! :)
the never let you go video? :)
my pleasure! :)
i already ate all the eggs though..uh..but i do have the eggshell :) they are soooo cute!!!
i'm chillaxing while editing photographs :) what about you? :) xxx
i'd like to make a fanpage for miley cyrus. i don't like my username since i'm kind of ... ok with miam. :)
i earn monies all the time :)
i see you are up and at the #wisdom as usual. peace & light to you, too! _/\_ <3 hope you are well this fine day. :)
yep many times :p its amongst my favorite drafts at the pub. awesome beer :d
as i was typing that tweet, i did wonder if someone would make that comment :-)
