awww well next time hun. dont worry :) i did go, didnt speak or anything but did meet upclose and had a msg on behalf of the
aaaaaahhhhhh myy god! just prank called me saying he can make 's bed rock! :o follow her! :d hahaha. (:
please follow you'll love her :)
following =) btw whats up with mjs army on facebook? =p
i ♥ my icon & bg. : )
ahem! i think this person maybe bending the truth a little :)
haha ok! xd hi! :d
working the ncaa youth clinic til 1230! :-)
im gona help u gain them :)
heey :d how are you? <3
heey :d how are you? :)
4 moree! love you guys :d
to grow and learn further... of novels and movies =)
thanks for the rtl!! =)
domplatte, 3 uhr. :-)
follow back? i'm a guy belieber too! :)
follow ? thnx :) she follows back :)
no but i've given some consideration to filing them when she's asleep ^_^
here you supply your own photo. when you first get licence someone responsible has to sign to say it's you :)
yourchonny. 40seconds, fuck my life :d
oh.! :d so sumthing else ? well damn happy our fan paage is jxt rocking hahah!
hmmm. it's so special kya? the third one? :-)
gosh..greg doesn't really look like greg.. -.-' xd // but it looks funny.. :d
tweetie... :-)
no not at all! haha. good times. :)
see you there :)
i follow if u follow pls ? :d thx
kay,so i posted 2nd part on twitlonger .. who wants? i'll dm u :)
in yourself to know you can accomplish anything. have fun. :)
just for 2 days? :d re : justin beiber
follow ? thnx :) she follows back :)
follow :)
faltou o #standupbr :d haha
i never knew you had twitter! :) i've followed you, it's only polite you follow back right? :) x
heeey :) i'm great thanks, you? :)
i have a spider crisis. dad is on his way :) straight from the burning fires of hell these 8 legged creatures.
just chilling on tinychat with carla and sunny. join us :d
great thanks :) so what are you up to for the weekend?
ohh oki, are you just here till like tomorrow? ee a might see you tonight if me and rach go to the o2 :) or to the hotel haha x
hav fun :-) everything's over.. let's get some fun tonight... yipiii......
i just listed over 30 people and only 3 said thank you: your welcome :)
hey brother-in-law.. ammm... i was wondering.. can you buy me an ipad? :d
heey everyone :)
i wanna see this too! :) have fun sweety! xx
still at citos. anyone is here? hurry hurry hurry up let's go to puncak! yayyyyyyyy :d
brilliant! i'll get an email off later today probably this evening :)
follow me please? :d
i just got the most amazing wall post ever from oh i love you :)
:d
and i'm in line, the short one because i pre ordered. and i'm in the system as well. they checked me in :d #gonnagetmesomeipads
refollow me please :)
me me me :d :d cani can i? please
:) i've always loved westlife... they are legends!
everyone ! go and add one of the coolest #miley fan ! --> she totally rocksss ! :) ♥
on my way to the airport going to florida yayyyy :)
thank you good morning hope you are having a great weekend plans :)
thankyou! :) x
thanks a lot =)
it issss :d
now we have to pick up georgie. :)
sure why not :)
yes!! #jonasbrothers is a tt :d i love you guys!! :d <3
fresh out the shower :) about to get ready for work...goodmorning!!!!!!!
yay for fantastic! also, we can be early-morning twitter friends :d
i didn't know about that. thanks :) crazy to think bout diff in health care provision across the world in 21st c
i'm good :d hbu?? :p hey..how are you??..:) :p
oh! welcome papa! :)
sat down lastnite then realized it was friday lol i guess i have to wait til tonite happy easter :)
lemmee just finish these shoutouts then il dm him 5 times, and when he comes online il tweet hhim loads like u r 2 justin :d
hreey :d yeaaah ! you? :p
what's that on the table? oh my...it's only irn-bru!!! good man :d
your welcome :) and yeah my brother was lol, and laughing at it. he's a disney kid at hearttt ;)
thats good :) this week! msn me :)
woke up to find that my html project has been delayed an extra week. back to sleep for me :)
good, you? :)
hope you are getting your rda of fresh air :) weather is looking great here, time to go al fresco!
cheerzz :) happy #jazz friday to you!
up earlyy leaven canarsiee ;; wildd tiredd !>>>what u doin out there young lady <- ma cussin =)
hahaa abeees.. butuh lemak babi nih kyknya :d mahal ya?alkohol aja cn 40% mas :d (cont)
wooo that's good then :d how are you? xx
1,200 followers til tonight? :)
followed :)
hehe ok, i will. i hope it's not in dutch. will have to check. :d
happy 4,000th tweet to me. :) wtf, i tweet too much. -____-
who do you support to win? i hope chelsea win! ima liverpool fan, so.. :d
bahahaha great :d xdd have fuuuuuun <3333333 ;dd
then wake them up with bacon! :d (i know i wouldn't complain.)
the noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can. unknown #quote :) indeed, thx for the reminder!
idk if i should be honored or creeped out...:p. but seriously, i expect lots of pics. :d
rt: i could murder a cup of decapitated coffee :) #grimtweets
she's not a girl, she's a dog. :)
i used to love watching hindi films when i was a kid. nevermind that i didn't understand a word. subtitles! =)
new icon! its smiley miley! :d
haters always hate on something they can't have. remember that :)
lmao :) im shocked mine go up so much now, and idk why xd
thanks :d your a star :) oh and follow this person x
how are you ? :d
noooo nooowww you have your besties here for support :)
we must :)
happy easter everyone :)
#easter
