cheers mate! i'm not sure damien's processed the chinook yet. it was tough going but he did well. :) look fwd to the gose!
thank you :d
offline, going to zoo. yay, home :d he he. leave me lots and lots of shoutouts and i'll return all when i get back ♥ ox
mike fisher :) haha i'm sooo cool :) #sens
having wheat & minced meat dish... i belive its a local sindhi dish... dont know the name of it but an excellent food item...!!! :)
if you want a shoutout !! first 5 :d x
thank you =) i like that song too! i like to call it my britney song lol
hmm maybe i will... but do u always eat dinner very early in the morning..??? =)
wednesday morning. and on top of it all, i'm going to see daughtry here tues. night. busy week. :-)
have a great race this morning, eva! hopefully no snow?? :)
firstly, hello to my new followers. i'm shopping in new york at the moment and fairly giddy, i'm not normally this bad/annoying :)
plz follow--->@bieberuniversal and tell them i sent you :) i'll dm or another celeb :)
any time :) xxx
my computer totally screwed up but it's back alive, yay :d
it's the original series episode! :d
loool nice table with :) #palooza
looking for clothes or fancy a riot? :)
found at starbucks :)
samasama :) follow me ya , mention aja kalo mau di follow back :) thanks
q: how are u? lol stupid question. :d a: im goood, and yourself? :d
it's 6:45 am. i've been up for 23 hours. i'm going to bed now. :)
just trying to be inclusive. :d
why not take a look at my socio-political #heartofanation blog here? :)
thanks,no wonder,i thought u've been busy with work, :d
i wanna see it :d :o
let me know that you get em ok kay? :)
:)) feeling as good as me this morningg ha , howa you ? :)
orange is a nice color :) i think i will buy more clothes that color :)
penguinskillpolarbears, light guides and lions.chase.tigers-the hive edinburgh april 18th :)
here's carson :) #ipl
industry scoop presented by in west london, its all about the music and media industry and they are performing :)
good thanks just sorting out bits to go on ebay and seeing to the kids and twittering a wee bit too!! :-)
thanks. btw, v nice i-can-has-iphone avatar :)
but dr m knows that if left to a bagel & a cuppa that the fish-faced penguin would eat the smoked salmon to leave us the cc :)
the rolling stones – jumpin' jack flash :-) this makes me smile! perfect song for saturday morning! ♫
care to share :d
yok abi, onu iç bunu iç yine çirkiniz yine çirkiniz :)
i wanna see remember me! but he doesn't! we will see :d & thankyouu schatz♥ :)
yeh thanks i'm asking ppl :)
i found some barbies in my room &+ one's naked with no arms wanna see?! :d lmao
follow back please =)
both of us have had a few 'life is calling' moments.. umm, ok.. maybe more than a few. :) scuba diving, sky diving, jumping off bridges...
have a great race gordon!! no need 2 be anxious. u'll be fantastic! :)
i understand. i haven't talked to anyone about what was bothering me...except stacey. she helped me more than she knows. :-)
i will do :)
mine will be delivered on wednesday, you can take a look and the decide :-)
waiting a few hours to run... waiting for that wonderful sunshine =)
for sure :) ipad can wait
just posted it again <<i changed it in an oh so small way...posting in 15 secs :)
zeus = jupiter = king of all = i can do anything i want = bast*rd! :)
how aree you. :) who is on? x
oh yay! yess! drew and i would love to! :d ♥
um aint got da adress on me right now luv check ma facebook page :)
gue suka deh bg twitter gue hihi :)
happy birthday dad <3 :-)
you must first follow the experts before you can succeed online --> please :)
you can do it brother!! :) fortune cookie : it means slesein skripshitnya,,
on my way! prepare yourself! :) x
dude go to bed. #eggfogato does not get finished/served until tomorrow morning. :-)
lol, no one will test if they know you've got my back! ahhhh crazy times ahead :)
we've played a few :)
no prob, thanks for the shout out to :d
just found the easter egg. won't say where :)
hey guys its :)
cup of tea and hot cross buns with load of butter. when stomachs better have some lilt to boost your sugar level. :)
i love that song in the adidas advert :d
im sure it will be on iplayer :)
follow just genuine guy ! he loves his family || already following <<-- t y :-)
thanks! :) 2 words: #ninjaboard #amazing!!
it's actually do more be more...but the pamphlet reads do be :)
yes,i know hahah :)
welcome :) and good morning lol :)
i do that all the time. it's calming :)
if you're proud to be a belieber =)
thankyuuuu :)
im gunna try to get christian to dm or follow the next 8 people who follow ! tweet me if you follow, gooo :)
all the best, guys! thanks for rt-ing yah mas... senangnya :)
i hope the shops don't close early actually. the place will be ransacked by easter hoarders, i bet. :)
its not much, but it's enough for me :)
haha thanks :) what are you doing?
shoutouts for shoutouts? i wanna see if i can get to 1,400 before my birthday ends :)
:) those are beautifully done aren't they
i think i will changed my icon now <3 :) so anyone wants to make me a great and awesome bg and i will give big shoutie {the best bg}
if you follow her now i'll list you 20 times and give you a shoutout ! she is awesome , do it 4 us ? :)
happy day-before-your birthday, you're going to rock that stage today :d
seee! #smh one day i hope it brakes teach u a lesson! ;) ha just kidding :) & yeaah iknow but it could crash! ..anything!! lol
im psychic! :)
yeah am there :)
shoutout; << follow themmm! :) <33 xx
a big congratulations to on his marriage to meg! top day :-)
finally chose a tv, ordered this one it seemed to have the nicest picture compared to t'other ones in't shop :)
good on you parko! good luck tomoz at bells :)
ahhhhhh 'beat again' reminds me of summer! and seeing at hamilton racecource goodtimes. .very goodtimes! :) <3
hey jordan, could you help me get some more followers please :) x
imma check it when i get on the laptop :) i'll report back lol
and mom is on a fashion spree :) luna is waiting for the fashion show
ok good. as long as you'll be alright :)
everyone ! go and add them n-o-w ! --> they all rockkk ! :) ♥
if you want me to follow you :d
good morning all in tweetland, tioga county, owego ny! have a tweet of a day. tweet on tweeter and have fun! : ) got the weekend duty.
