nothing too be quite honest :) im tired had a late night :p you?
it was so great meeting u too im glad i made your birthday special :)
on the bus home, well home from glasgow. still gotta get another one. bleh least i now have a new iphone :)
listed you 5 times :)
wow! thanks for listing ;) ;) ;) list me 82 more? haha,and help me with shouts,40 more! :d
fuck yall tho ! :)
tomorrow :)
congrats ! this is to announce that i've become proud father of a baby girl :)
aw thanks! :)
been there, cut that. :) just sliced a chunk out of my finger in bookmaking. this will severely effect my texting.
going on ww to have some fun, less than 7 hours before the party :)
you're welcome! keep tweeting #indonesianeedsdemi please :)
can i be a member too :d xx
wah, #whatif bukan aku yg pake, tp admin lain.. sabar dulu ya, tunggu aja :)
good to hear and i'm awesome thank you hun! :d
good morning. =)
the weather is so beautiful here! i'm spending my entire day outside. :d
aw! cubit ahh!!! : makasih dah di follow , aku ngefans bgt ma ka chantal :)
yes you did, ok :) thanks for following again & please don't unfollow me again ok? :) ♥
ha-ha, we do that too! :) cute pic!
haha im great thankyouu :) you? #mileyforever sorry changed today! i wanted to tell you sweetie! <3
shoutout: :)
aw thats cute lol! im sorry about your pills o.o haha nothing is the way to go on a saturday :d i feel vain.. might take pics!x
aww thank you :) tis so tasty ;d lol
and so what !? he is a tt always cuz he deserve it :), cuz we the belieber rock :)& cuz he is following hes fans :)
thanks for the follow, caneel! looking forward to meeting/tweeting at #dmilondon :d #dmifeed
this if u want shoutouts!! :)
great saturday afternoon :-) enjoy it!
ahh! milo took on a big daddy and he killed it! :d then there was another little sister and he killed that too :(
better than nothing! now the trick is to take a photo of it without being spotted! :-)
a quick "hello" & how's it going there to everyone :-) woke up w/the thought that "everyone has their own cross 2 bear in life..."
good morning and thank you for the rts. :-)
the last people in line should be dragging tree branches behind them :d
concerning #ahmadinejad: "you cant fix crazy" :d lol #iran #freedom #democracy #dictatorship
hold on jonas brothers. only one person got that :) -->
humor is one thing i prolly lack so i guess that's a good thing? lol :)
ahhhhhh jedward next weeek :) front row i hope are prepared for a loud crowd :))
the best song ever :') is in starz :d
outside waiting for ups to arrive with my ipad...kidding....no i'm not :)
my twitter profile is worth $2483 omg it finally worked and didn't crash :d
hahahaha!!! :-) that's why they call me, lady gaga!!! =p
glad you know it was me. hahahaha, yey thank you so much! :)
luv the mumbles n gower. enjoy family time happy easter! :)
i want bubble gum now lol :)
you'll have to search though, after all it is easter :)
"cute golden child! lol "http://twitpic.com/1cv9dd i like this pic of me! :) what
please this :) vote for which song i should cover! i will count results at the end of today. <3
thanks laura! hope things are going aok for you! :)
nothing cause i forgot abou it cause i was in spain haha what did u do? :)
heeey im good thanks you ? :) xx
thanks so much :)
thankx 4 coming out! :)
me and both lost followers :( follow her :)
definitely time for cup of hot tea :d <i'll drink to that. actually, i am drinking to that! ;d
sounds good! :)
q:when did you get hiccups the last time? a:lol..its been a long time..cant remember :d
still need more please enter : ) beautiful dress to give away ! thank you ps
awwwwww thank you hun...that definitely means a lot :) i hope that you're enjoying the easter break!
#bieberisthebest! we all know that :)
loool and he tweeted me :d x
yayyyyyyy! go girl! sounds like an excellent afternoon :-)
follow if you are a #happybelieber :d
#jedwardeaster look at my twitpic from before they're for you :)
^_^ <--- one of ny faves on twitter.
spent our 3 months at the beach in zambales :) finally back home!
i feel such a kid again :)
 please, please please read & review broken road. i'd really appreciate it. :)
aww thanks for tweeting me ;) =) mahal kita (:
refollow? :)
bieber or die! follow or die :) justin will want you too!
lol, okay. when i've typed some out i'll send it to you :)
good morning everyone :)
we just have an ep dude, you can buy it at any of our shows or online on our merch store ( ) :)
followed :)
let's see how lo can u get and how hi can i go..keep goin stronger each moment! tq very much :)
#nowplaying "supafly" i sooooooooooooo hope he's coming to glasgow! i wanna look for him haha <3 <3 <3 :-) , x
hahaha! xoxox :) today is summer in tdot! wwwwooooo!
wow! u excited? i've never been there but i bet you'll have a brilliant time :)
thanks for the :-)
follow or i'll slap ya ... well, not literally. through twitter. but you get the jist. follow :)
go follow !! she's a true belieber :)
hope u have a wonderful blessed easter sunday!! : )
have a nice day : )
she is gonna adopt a kid who would love to cry while watching movies made by :d
:) your making me laugh here so how do you know mitchell ???
#happybirthdayparisj :)
apple store line for ipad at 820am, i'm such a geek :) http://bit.ly/ak6del
i am :)
pls follow back :)
bourges :) i bet u don't know this city haha ! :)
been ok. little better than usual here mostly cuz m's been less erratic & nasty (or least shorter spells of it) : ) u?
#jonasbrothers they are the best and we are the best fans :)
whats the point in being "royal" if you cannot be a "king" ? #ipl #csk #rr #punch :d :d
r we there yet? thanks!rt my goal for the weekend, to get you over 1,000 followers. :-)
will do! thanks for the tip! :)
headphones huh? ^_^
awww u can't go :o hmm, yes! :) because i reply? lol .__.
wish i was at #thruxton for #btcc qualifying :-( on the plus side gonna be cooking this afternoon for picnic tomorrow! :-)
of course! :d x
super foggy outside! o_o not what i was expecting, but it's early. maybe it'll clear. :)
i'm gonna head 2 tyson's corner in a lil while..... i want a silver charm or engraved bracelet :)
thats wat i like to hear lol :) im doin alright doe
dyusa and bf jasons are still resting sa hotel but will eat dinner at jason's house, food prepared by mommyc :)
good morning! :)
:d #fb sometimes in life, all you need is a big fuck. doesn't matter which side you are on. either way, you win.
there's a rat in mi kitchen what am i gonna do? #ub40 die sind noch immer gut :-)
good morning, twitter fam! mom has decided that she wants to try bodypump this morning.... wish her luck!!!! :-)
thanks have a good one :)
hey, sure! and looks great! pretty advanced! :)
=)
wow very early :)
wow, coincidence or what going shopping on saturday. :)
dnt worry, it will be legal post only... :-)
checkout the new background, made by he's still playing around with it :)
riiiiiiiise and shiiiiiiiiiine,. : ) baby theo's round,.! rude boy on repeat,... : |
coloring easter eggs...the video =)
seamless records, pune will launch an album feat. leading indian rock bands. zedde’s ‘mumbai’ has been selected! thanx for the good vibes :)
i just took "justin see's you. what now? part 2:)" and got: part 2 :) read below! ! try it:
my twitter friends, tq for your : )
amazing >> << go follow! :)
in the park with faye & her little sister! mite go and get our lydia :)
hope you can take part in the birmingham walk tomorrow! :) yeay! hope i can make it...
morning. happy easter weekend to you too :)
vini, vidi, vici that is my bio :) saya datang, saya melihat, dan saya (pasti) akan memenangkan (cont)
hamley's. to me.. best toy shop in the world! :)
:d aseeeeekk mau foto pre-wedding sm deh -,-
oh yea i was just talkin bout that with my sis. i think thats possible.. hes a good person so.. hope he will :)
thanks :)
haha awww really :d that's good to hear haha :) xx
gue tau mxd loe sobbro :) kojek righthere :) follow shoutout to another local heavyweight right here
have fun with the guys :)
mmmm... good idea don't be a hater. :d y not grab breakfast at this morning?
i like ur new avatar, u look happy :)
let's go outside now, yeah! :d
march the 12th and his brother followed me and tweeted me on march the 20th <3 :) will never forget it lool!x
what eh? who? when? :)
got you ten :) i need 7 more :) love ya <3
q:favourite kristen outfit from the runaways pre... a:either from the la or new york premiere :)
dinner time. please keep helping me and to make #indonesianeedsdemi trending tonight! :)
that's fine with me :)
hi guys :) i go for a trip again tomorrow.. so i cant online, see u the day after tomorrow! have a nice weekend, guys. and bye now!
out now! byeeeee <3 :-) , x
thanks hun :)rt even cute in the morning wow :)
#jonasbrothers they are the best and we are the best fans :)
no i downloaded couple weeks ago and finally have time to listen to it properly. sorry :)
are yous looking forward to supporting westlife in croke park :)? #jedwardeaster :d
shoutouts 4 shoutouts anyone :) ? i need 18 more to reach 2500!
:) morning sis good morning everyone! make today your day!
lol, you're on :-)
my son used to think it was "waking up on the wrong side of the bread".. he didn't get what that meant :)
i am going to this weekend :d :d videos take so long to upload on there so just waiting until i'm about for it to upload :)
we will email you some :)
me and her are such wonderful partners in crime and life i wouldn'tknow what to do without her honestly :-)
absolutely rocks :)
tx :-) for soothing environment !
it's so awesome. :)
aww, thanks(: hahaha. i can't believe people actually sees my tweet, haha (: thanks<3 you're a nice girl too :)
and it just is :)
up early... why? mmmm... coffee. :-)
follow these infuential websites on your path to online success --> please :)
i'm making a list of people who rock. yeah, you pretty much make up the entire list. =) #awesomeupdater
#jonasbrothers you are my life =)
northern ireland :) never got pics though secuirty was well tight :/ but i got lots hugs :)) xx
ipad home delivery day. i have never seen so many of my ichat buddies available at 7:30 am on a saturday before in my life. :)
ne vedem diseara in tan tan refresh the party! ft multa lume si-a confirmat prezenta, vine toata gasca okapi sound :)
don't mess with jess. or or you're in troublez :)
just found you on twitter, hope to transfer soon and have a great day! :)
:-) "are you still located in cuma cowo bencong yg mau buat cewe nangis?"? ? are we still talking about s
i'm splendid thanks :) xx got a nice weekend planned?
okay, i have proof you followed me and then you unfollowed so i'm asking again and if you don't i'm unfollowing you! :d
sending saturday sunshine to 2 of my faves: thanks for always putting a smile on my face :)
30stm? keep praying, hehehe, thereeeees a lot going on behind the screen :)
i am! :) hahaha
can u follow me back plz ? :)
great to meet you and the lovely last night! :-)
thanks so much for the mention girl :d
good thanks, how are you? :d
this if u want shoutouts!! :)
#alwayskeepthefaith #nowplaying #ff hey anime fans here? if so reply :)
we love :d #carrotsformal
yeah, sounds good! just drop me a text! :)
#jedwardeaster please please tweet me! me and my friend claire love you guys! :d a tweet from u is better than an egg (:
just having fun :)
i <3 ur icon :)
lol...aww, have a sweet day :d
ah really? that's exciting! what is it/where? best thing we ever did was move down to london :) xx
yes, i do! ^_^ and it's really true! ^_^
i have been seeing that avatar all over :) checking out your blog now :)
9 of u follow now ! btw justin loves them!!! :d
i really love cathy lefrancois priest.....i wana look jus like her :)
up making bottles. i was happy to be up all night w. my son it wasn't that bad him spendin his 1st night w. daddy :-)
ahh.. i feel sick :/.. but maybe i feel better if i take a shower and hear some jb songs :d hihi <3.
carefree, wherever we may be, we are the famous cfc, and we don't give a f**k, whoever you may be,'cos we are the famous cfc. :d
i wish see my video :) dedicated to her and all jojo fans! :d xxxx
:) i like your tshirt on yours againts all odds :) x
oooohhh i went to a party last night, hope you have fun =) nm tbh just gonna relax =p
cheers to everyone that came down last night to islington, was a fun night... we'll hopefully see you all very soon again! :) x
i list you :d .. can you list me too ? :d
my hot cross buns are in the oven, guess what i'm having for a late lunch? :)
