(y) *titans clash of the titan :)
hello peeps is no one around? :)
if you wanna be listed in a bieber list :) ?
:) online dating tips | dating guide, relationship advice, online ...: are you considering jumping in the online d...
dbsk tribute | listen now! | always keep the faith :) #alwayskeepthefaith
yeaah my tweetlmit is finally over! who wants a shoutout to celebrate? :)
you just made my parents morning by reading mine on air but now you have blown my cover! :)
:) online dating tips: creating a major dating profile ...: each dating site has lots and lots of dating profiles....
for the morning crowd start your day with a wake & bake chapter 7 of the hood now up! :)
awwwww and are having a convo about me i feel so loved hahahahaha :)
disney store :d you'd never get me back out of there :p doesn't matter which day to me xd yeah, hopefully they can xd
go follow these people << cause they are awsome :)
rt: sad that it's the last day of whistle down the wind today is one of the nicest stars we've had :)
huge props to for opening his club life radio show with my toni braxton remix!! nice to wake up to :)
me: i think i got a crush crush crush on youuu yeah i know you've said about a million times.. :d
luvvvv ur icon!! :) <333
it's on there, don't you worry. there's tons of pulp on my itunes what with them being my all-time favourite band ever!!! :)
yaaay !!! :d thankyouu soo muuch <33 #mileyforever
good morning ♥ i wish everyone a blessed day!!!! :) ** goodmorng beautiful.... enjoy your day as well, godbless! **
thanks!! haha i'm tweeting :)
oh, cool. we're neighbours. :d
follow--->@seljbhollywood she is so awesome! :d
because of the inevitable crying. :)
no new apple toy form me today... :-) very weird night last night, busy day today, then photowalk/flickr meet-up later.
okay. that's it. making a cute video. bye! :d
g'morning, sunshine! :d hope your weekend is off to a wonderful start!! :d
same goes for u =) [if i'm included in da bunch]
well deserved! and hopefully the upcoming week will be even better for you. :)
is one of the nicest stars we've had :) >> can't argue with that one !! ;-)))) xxxx
no problem. hope your luck continues for incheon fan signing too :)
great night out in london last night and am now en route back to the land of snow :)
had to promote them as much as possible :) x
ouéééééééééééé ! i will survive ! :) #warrior
good morning. :)
thx for following me :) followed u <3
go follow these people << cause they are awsome :)
i go take a shower :)
very jealous that youre watching #gadgetshowlive take shape! bet its awesome watching it all be put together! :d
thank you for that it is very helpful :)
its actually warm outside<<why u gonna lie to pple like that lol!!!!! lool its fun :)
heey....hows u? :)
ahh cool can you dm me the site? i promise i wont tell anyone haha. btw thanks... i love yours too :)
follow>>> <<<now!! :) xx
hey :)
lol the other half always looks on with interest :) have a good week off.
thanks for my #ff hon :) where have you been?
good morning, twitter! feeling much better now that i have some sleep. :d hope everyone's doing well!!!
good work man. didn't even know you were going til i saw you land. :)
guess i shouldn't cmplain too much since we are on our way to miami!! :)
awwww haha :) thankyouu u shocked me for the first moment :p lol i'm great & youu? <33
shoutout 2 my followers! i love u so much and thanx alot 4 followinq me! :)
i didn't know until i read my mentions! thank you for sharing :)
head over to middlechildpromotions.com and read the interview with :) great and positive stuff. shouts 2 #teammonica
heey :) nothin much jus gettin ready to watch the football wi my siss loll, what about u ?
happy birthday to my dad.. :)
nah i support them so u shud cus u my best friend :) =)
hey pj ! :)
please record it as i am never arround to see it live :-)
follow her now she is really nice :)
well, both, actually. :)
this if you realised "family" has ily at the end of it :)
#shoutout 2 4 not throwin her hair n a fuckn ponytail & telln her friendgirl to hold her earrings cuz of my sarcastic tweets =)
good morning :)
i thought you liked kitsch :) it actually all sits very nicely in the flesh with the crazy german pottery.
you're too kind! i know i'm a muppet and not afraid to admit it and ask for help :)
saksikan inbox special the changcuters besok pagi, hari minggu tanggal 4 april 2010 bersama numata, sigma, roomate dll. hanya di sctv! :)
go get your george sampson crave on!!!! nap time :)
good morning beautiful ppl :)
csk rocks.. what a match! great go, guys! murali vijay century :-) #ipl #csk
looking for a new icon now :)
roflol. ya both are heffers :)
follow me back please :d
lunch time :)
please follow me cole!!! <3 please!! :) 5
rise & shine :)
couldn't sleep, so awake to the sound of silence and coffee this morning. a rare occurence, but a lovely one. : )
aww, thanks(: <3 means a lot, and yes im online now* :)
woooho =) have fun then... can´t wait for tonight top 4!
welcome to twitter, omg i'm so happy to find you here, you're one of my all time fav models! beijos from indonesia! :)
haha i'm jealous ! for how long ? :)
fyi is a common abbreviation of for your information, or fuck you, idiot. :d
thnks :d its not my hand, it is my friend's xd
lol.. it's even still 7 p.m here.. :) i thought it was sunday, 
after lunch, im gonna go to southwark to take some photos. lovely weather. :)
please follow me cole!!! <3 please!! :) 4
haven't been to metro often and the waitress still remembers us cia i ordered mushroom on toast a lot back then :)
i think your really cool for being a boy and spporting selena :)
found how to play so cold on piano.. don't need youtube! only my musical ears haha jk :)
god morning early birds! :) if i didn't have to be up trust me i would not be lol
good morning! :)
teoretic tot pe acolo ajung :)
hey there! how are you? long time didn't talk with ya :)
i'm on yahoo but yeah i'll go on fb :)
route summary today: home-casablanca-gatsu-wijaya-thamrin-cibubur-jatiwaringin-home in 9 hours. :) thanks dear.
...good mornin! good mornin! ...thankful 4 anotha wakin day! ...work flow then katering a wedding (xcitin!) :)
– thanks for your rt! :)
i really really think ;you should follow me :)
lmaoo. she aint a fan. shes a dog :)
nice here 2 :) have a great day !
about me;
-i loove i think he's the maddest person there is :)
-im australian (: -i am a 101% (cont)
