hey, did you know sap was in the fedora repos? :)
hey!hey! my profile is all cool now!!! tank u! :) ! how & where r u??? :)
i'd love to. it's not possible at the moment but if the business picks up that's the first plan :) thanks for the concern tho.
i love that too :)
thanks for the mention! and glad to see that you chose dog adoption when you brought cokie into your life. :)
oooh have a great time! what a beautiful day for a drive! :)
rt@valentineskid the covenant, easter sunday, channel 5. chace :d (uk)
thank you! :) x
yaaay ur from germany and i love ur name :) haha so wanna talk english or german?! :d #mileyforever
((((((((((((((((((huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugs))))))))))))))) to slow the crazy. :d
ten wouldn't be enough still :) lol i would count to hundred for a start it's not easy to get me angry but i am when i am
i'm getting restless~i can see my first class seat on #unitedairlines jetting me somewhere again! #restless #bevhills #la $marcusdoucette :)
eeeeeee,mudou o username né? :)
mr carradine i am not. :-)
i almost forgot..i tried a murphy's stout the other night.the diner didn't have guinness,so i tried it. it was pretty good :d
thank you for rting that! :d
04:56 am off to bed now kisses and hungs for everyone =) tweet later!!
the greatest ex ever ever ever greatest x ever imma stick 2 the dirty 1 :)
from that bar in abbeville road? :-) you go to the windmill on the common in the summer and sit on the grass with a beer? lush.
niceeee.. goodluck! chelseaaaaaa... mc'ing mu vs chelsea citos... :)
marv :) its been okay :/ lol wbu? i love all these tweets! xxxx
followed! shouts 4 shouts? :)
just play good :) u playing for fun or pro?
i never used to sleep during day.... but ever since mba happened, i sleep and any 30 mins stretch i get :d sleep is luxury
up! made me cry :) hey ms. kat :) what's your fave film at the moment?
if you are a #demilovato fan!!! so i can list you!!!!!! :d :d!!!!!!!!!
ok guys i got to go :) ,, follow my personal :)>> and follow my besties twitter :) >> <3 xx
thank you :) chefnya holycow cooks right next to the tables menarik n mbangkitkan selera
grrrrrrrrrrrr...go butler!!! :)
haha :)
haha, yup. :p i'm kelly. ;) hi hanne! :d
can u follow me & then one day you'll reply me i hope it's 2day & i hope u see this tweet =) neva gonna happen pleaseeeeeee
wattchiing the football! :') come on united :d xxx
u can give a shotie for << she desserve it pls :)
cool beans (: <3 just hanging our in twatter and some music is on as always. :d ♥
#ff thank you for & support! :) ..:::}~<>:)
had great time outside. :)
thank you, hon. how are you? :) xxx
good morning everyone :)
btw sorry for my spamming :)
saying no to this temptation << are you sure you should? good morning! :)
i woke up just in tym for match!! fyi i luv yu babe...yu made my morning :)
:) i just enjoy the debate. happy easter!
off to watch the match :) still online though.
it's the humidity that does me in! and i lived in norcal for the past 6 years... monterey is in the 60s year round :)
thanks for the #ff, nick! cheers to ya! :)
ah ok don't blame you tbh just incase huh :-)
*cereal :) and i hope you're talking about chocolate cheerios!
walked dogs and stayed dry, the sun even came out, it was really nice :)
rt@valentineskid the covenant, easter sunday, channel 5. chace :d
haha, yes a little chilly...roll on summer :) xx
:-) it's safer than what was suggesting
i know yours as well :)) wait and watch :)
thank youuu! :) and you too, have an awesome day. xd cya! :)
[news] t.o.p and seungri's movie, 19, will be released in japan on may 29, 2010! once again, lucky jvips to watch this movie :)
yay!! i just created my formspring!! :) now, ask me anything!! :)
thanks :)
we can call it a split-pot :)
sixteen! :d
bringing a tear to my eye :-) have you been up the tap? (great views)
heading off to the apple store, the next time i tweet it'll be from twitterrific on the ipad :d
you's are awesome!!! :d #jedwardeaster
gahh. maybe i'll stay for 2 weeks. that won't hurt :)
yeah i know them :) do u like them?
glad to support you! #ff :) ..:::}~<>:)
pleaaaaase tweet me back if you see this! :d #jedwardeaster
asssik!dateng ya ke vino? c u on dance floor! :) pantes palma rame bgt ada (cont)
i'm getting restless~ i can see my first class seat on #unitedairlines jetting me somewhee again! #restless #bevhills #la $marcusdoucette :)
oh okay :d well, yes i do live in germany.. you live in australia? thats awesome!
then it must be evil :d
not to mention none of the actors would've been able to take that role :d still the amateur-ish acting added some effect.
shoutout 4 shoutout ? :)
wow-you were up early! i just woke up. :-)
thanks for the follow friday rio! :)
otw ciwalk ni =) have a great performance tonight in bandung my ♥ w/ !!
just tweeting :) hbu??
noodle virgin.. wow took you long enough :) we have thje best noodle place here in ipswich you must try!
the queen of england is not at the buckingham palace now. could she be in windsor or balmoral? any royalists here on twitter? :)
oh my freaking gosh! thank you a billion for those awesome shoutouts.i really really love you marg! :d and my dad was boring
no problem! :)
happy saturday rashida. :) ◄woot woot :) happy saturday to you too darling. muah
okay going to have food :( and dr pepper to keep all you lot and off my case ^_^
phew! was worried then! as i have been busy collecting gifts like some demented squirrel! :-)
well idk! i followed you again! follow back? :)
thanks for the :) it worked.
that's why history rhymes with victory (at least in english and in french; spanish too i assume historia vittoria? :)
hey girl :d what's up?
:-) glad i could help!
canu pls help me & make #mileyforever a tt ?! :d
ayeee i'm going to greece #yogaretreat :)
hey here's an introduction to annie syed in nyc :)
i am sure you will soon have a huge crowd to give you company in that. :)
at #installfest loving it :)
yizz enjoy the movie :)
what is love ! baby dont hurt me, dont hurt me , no more !! :d
good morning :)
anytime :) happy to help!
you're welcome! and thank you! :) xoxo
why yes i do think ur a good friend :)
request sent cheeky :)
omg i just read your story..hahahah omg i can't stop laughing!you have a perverted mind hahaha :d jkjk lmfao
w hotel, cherbear! absolutely amazinggggggggg :d
if you want me to list you. : )
good morning :)
oh there's probably much more i could learn from you, but in regards to kids i'll have to wait quite a while :p ur a good dad :)
new contest! today it is for luxorlive! and 2 hours to go for the paradisocontest :) good luck you all! www.laurajansen.web-log.nl
haha fantastic :) #thefamilyjewels
ok so what did girardi order at starbucks? // my headphones were on :)
cupcake craving!! :d x
so as soon as we hit midnight tonight you can say it? :d
jamie we shall get you there ;) wanna be my 470th folower :) pl s<33
i bet a lot of uk people are wearing nappies 24/7 over the 4 day bank holiday weekend. stay happy in your nappy everyone :)
if you want me to list you. : )
will dm justin 5 times & give a shoutout to anyone who follows ! hes dmed 7 people i sent :) tweet me if you follow,goo :)
thanks for the following and i agree is one of the best ~ and one of the kindest :)
somebody wanna write with me? :)
morning sunshines :-)
you should resist everything except temptation... :d
it's nice that you already tasted starbucks! :d
i've just started following a load of people from 'observers' list apologies for the lack of individual hellos, but hello! :-)
good morning! woohoo! it's a sunshine filled day! hope everyone has a great saturday! :) smile & pass it on! go #caps! xoxo
we have a chinese buffet all you can eat near us called aroma, wow, it is amazing, think i need to go again soon :)
new dr who & dorothy should be a goog saturday night :-)
heyy i'm on follow limit right nw ama try sort it now! :) and il follow u bk! xd <3
heading off to the apple store, the next time i tweet it'll be from twitterrific on the ipad :d
it won't.. :) hahaha but when are you leaving?
thx. was quoting paul kee b4... :-) u r welcome...
thx for following me :) followed u <3
same diff! :) make it a great weekend! or rather, the retweet!
if you are a #demilovato fan!!! so i can list you!!!!!! :d :d!!!!!!!!!
managed to snag rare floppies of batman drawn by mignola and sienkiewicz and an old dark horse comic called marshal law :)
pretty sure were talking black comedy :)
oh :d cool you r ma sist !! ahaah yeah we all do !! but he s seldom to online :(
shhh! me no talking is the strato that is working for the last two matches :)
so jelous! i want to go! come to a tourney or 2 w/me this summer? :) can't wait to get off work so i can go to ocean city!
calm down, calm down, it'll all be fine! try asda they're fine for anything that was sealed before it entered the store :)
i don't usually go for blue.. but this time i don't mind :) here we go! biggest match on this year's epl is underway!
lol. i've done that with coffee several times. drank it too :)
<--- follow nowwwww :d xxx
otm enchanted ♥♡ :d :d
do you have your sites on the ipad yet? :)
yeah! mom is always right :)
really sorry for that! please dm us your landline number and your contact number, and we'll sort it out for you :)
i used to be obsessed with fireflies. it still makes me happy :)
hey guys :d , steph here <3
yes, find me galstian lousine :)
:) thanking #alllllllllllllllll my #lifers for wishing me and early happy #birthday trust me yall my sis done told me we gone ball 2nite ltl
lol , i'm already following you : )
hehehh.. :d itu si bpk nahan perut ya..;p
cool, thanks. :)
morning ms. susan :) i am trying to get everything all caught up and nice and tidy before vegas trip, wish me luck, lol
it's such a nice day out again today :d
sure!! i just followed u back :)
its better now :) (@teamcyrus live on
goodmorninn :) beutifull daayy 'm! last song todayy wooot!
ps. good night baby :) just emailed u back xoxxxx sorry for the delay love u boo
hey, can you dm me how much did you got blackberry? :) my dad is going to europe :d
thankyouu :) #mileyforever <3
amazing night! thanks so much, had heaps of fun! :)
good morning : )
god bless everyone. peace, love, & happiness. i'm ouuuttt!!! :)
followed :d
tell me when u have the answer.. :)
nothing much, just tweeting, music, and watching #criminalminds :) haha, what about you? and how was kelly clarkson? haha
can u follow me & then one day you'll reply me i hope it's 2day & i hope u see this tweet =) neva gonna happen!!!!!!
lol =)
dear god, i pray that everyone thats reading this is having nothing but a postivie day. in jesus name amen! :)
have you get your vanilla men? :)
ipad home delivery day. i have never seen so many of my ichat buddies available at 7:30 am on a saturday before in my life. :)
lol i just ate but what u say there still sounds good :)
how was it i know u killed ( she was hot like fire :) she shut te club down)
i guess if you met on chatroulette to start with... an mp3 playlist must be a step up :)
can u follow me & then one day you'll reply me i hope it's 2day & i hope u see this tweet =) neva gonna happen!!!!!
if you wanna be listed #jonasbrothers :)
good morning, happy saturday everyone. :)
i finally got my red jacket of the garden collection full of roses,it was the last one :d
~hi! :d (speechless) lol.
guys, we follow only our friends on twitter :p so if you never talk to us don't ask to refolloe you. we weren't even following you :p :d
had to disable comments because of spam :( will get a filter installed soon. feel free to email me comments though :)
it's getting there guys! 182 away from that lloyd tweet and more and better pics... :) x
yaaaaay :d i know well do it cause were coool :d haha lol #mileyforever
ummm calm down cuz it not for u sweetie!! :-) good night!
can u follow me & then one day you'll reply me i hope it's 2day & i hope u see this tweet =) neva gonna happen!!!!
if only tweeted #biebershout i might have a chance of getting my first trending topic :)
thank you =)
big thanks for support on "forever" fella! :)
if you are a #demilovato fan!!! so i can list you!!!!!! :d :d!!!!!!!!!
haha no im only obsessed w/ sex with justin bieber :d
can u follow me & then one day you'll reply me i hope it's 2day & i hope u see this tweet =) neva gonna happen!!!
q:hello, are you belieber too?:) a:sureee :)
oh thx <3 btw thx for following me :) i followed u <33
miami then mexico then miami again then home :)
we're cool :)
can u follow me & then one day you'll reply me i hope it's 2day & i hope u see this tweet =) neva gonna happen!!
hope that you are using contiki, i want to have opportunity to try it :)
how are you? :)
sometimes it to do with ur name or goal 4 goal but also i used... 2 secs ill try and get the link :)
it is worth the wait.....we all need to live in the moments more :) xx
yeah yeah yeah goodmorning bros :)
can u follow me & then one day you'll reply me i hope it's 2day & i hope u see this tweet =) neva gonna happen !
