i doubt it was 100% horrible. well it's good that you are happy at least :)
i think we gained about 200 followers today? woaaaaaah :d
no where.. its gemini then cancer so yall suck jus admit it :)
once again 1 from fab got me a whole bunch of new followers lol #shoutout to all of you =)
is that secret code for looking in the mirror?>>rt bout to watch me sum ugly betty :)
u should make a video 2 dis song ==> =)
have a safe flight, princess ;) miss u! otw ke bandara mau ke palangkaraya :)
:) ---- i love my director huge shout goes 2 the talented
cool, whats your skype i'll add you :)
i can be the black :) i think the world needs one! :)
awesome! thanks ed. hadn't seen them in ages and wondered. :)
kk bae, i call you :)
please we need nodes :)
thanks *d* :) lookin 4ward 2 more from you :) hope your weekend is off to a good start!
you sure know how to romance the lady. :) have a good evening!
oh yes it would :)
#shoutout2dagirlz with breath that smell like the inside of a pumpkin :)
can yu please sign it'd mean so much to me :)
because they are so delicious! you can save calories though, by forgoing the tonic :)
she's beautiful! :)
no i got in. had a press ticket. :)
morning chirpers! :)
=) definitely. ima be here all night so wassgood ?
awh okay thanks anyways! :)
hi :) how's life goin' ? i just followed you :] please return the favor and follow me backkkk? thnx! :d
#ff my homie i love it when my fellow middle easterns are being part of the music business. keep it up :)
if we get to 7k , she'll follow anyone back who asks!! follow her now :)
you are sexy , k thanks bye :)
dms you guys :)
we will try try and find him and collect. :-)
link's awakening is amazing. starting a new game. :)
i <3 :d i think i got a crush on you ;) ==
happy bday to you :) ka gading say hppy birthday donk buat aku,thks :)
thank you♥ :) love your new icon.your very beautiful hun
i've heard good things... we just started it. :)
sorry, didn't notice :)
:) aww thnx hun.. i appreciate it.. #nowfollowing for flattering me!! lol that pic of u is stunning :)
#keshasmellslike horse shit on a summer day.... :-)
im glad that facebook is the most went-to website... **more room for us** :) #dontjointwitter lol-- bhahaha!
i should have asked her if she was interested in a career in real estate :)
your voice is like a combination of fergie and jesus. :)
it made me smile! thanks! :) just because...
ha! i can't tell you how often my girlfriends and i have the "the let's do ___ and start a blog about it" conversation. :)
shannon brown :) fisher, powell i think thats it right? oh and benga its mbenga isnt it? i forgot lol
ff :)
then you're reading the wrong fiction :) i quit reading books on religion because at some point they began to get depressing
wow. i can really say, there's a big difference in our timezone :) it's already march 3 here. :)
very cool :) how do you get one?
thanks everyone for the #ff love. :d
insane! an amazing new 3d tap tap game: radiation! download now 4 free (itunes only): . rt! :) #imrs
i have more fans in the u.k. and in the u.s.a then here in germany :) !!! <<because we know good music
dude, we need to talk about a project! :) i have a phone call to make then time for chatting. you up for about 915p call?
i remember this from the cruise :)
haha ok :d again?! ahahah ur a tweetaholic haha or sumthing lik tht xd
:d drinks or something the next time you're in la.
hey wanna come to house to party tonight? :) not that long of a drive..im coming soon! shower quick!
jdbworldwide: it's so hot where i live! it's 24c!! :d :d im in a dress! :d im loving it! <33 -koryn: jdbworldwide:...
thanks for the #ff love guys :)
go follow justin and me (? :d
thanks for the reminder. need to check myself lol :d be nice :)
he has responded once :) haha
corp jet of entrepreneurs southwest airlines!! :) are u like really famous to have a jet? #itsfunbeingfamous
after we get our greyhound, definitely! :) #neighbors
9393 followers :) nine three nine tree! haha
should be at dtd tomorrow morning then mgm...er, dhs the rest of the day. :)
looking at the tag that's on it, it seems they are german. great! i have a german car and a german backpack :)
hi stephanie, thx 4 following! following back :)
#shoutout2dagirlz with breath that smell like hot ass power steering fluid :)
ur pics are killing me today pretty one :)
i won dollar friday at work! $101 dollars :-)
having a beer at cheers! (theme song in the background) :) i'm reminiscing back to (cont)
a guy i went to middle school is a friend on fb. he said he liked all my quotes & asked what i do for a living. haha for $$ or passion :)
uh yes bay...see how u b forgettin bout a nigga u call yo teddy bear...lol ☜ sorry :)
happy bday syifa :) gbu hy ka . hari ini temanku ultah , ucapin dong. makasii :)
your jelly bean is looking great!! have a wonderful holiday :)
#ff my best motha fuckin frend she jus made anotha twitter & she need followers sooo help her out! plus she's cool ass hell! :)
hey! howaa' you :) x
i'm jealous for 2 reasons i never get carded anymore and you can buy champagne at a grocery story :)
lol no its fine :)
more accurately, "tree testicles." pollen produces sperm. :)
there's no such thing as too many martinis! 1 martini, 2 martinis, 3 martinis, more! :)
wanna have another chatzy? :) lol
yes yes :d new bearings and piston rings
i adore georges briard. my first candles were poured in these amazing glasses. :d
she's my comedic idol! 30 rock is amazing :)
que chingón :)
oh well i had already stripping off my pants a little bit before that tweet. so it'd be your turn now. :)
lol what can i say i love candy =)
i told you i'm becoming coffee nerd :)
that's awesome! :)
is shoppin on ur own weird! coz dats what imma do 2mo, its fun//nope. i love doin it, get so much more done :)
special #ff ---> and <--- :d go follow
you never know :) ^jm
thank you so much! we enjoy making cupcakes and (other treats) more adorable. :)
r u fllwing he's tweeting'bout cambria #pinot noir julia's vineyard....thought you may want to read :-) #wine
i like that roi :-)
thanks for playing songs today :) keep 'em coming i'd say!
i was following 666 not that long ago. i found some more awesome people to follow. :)
ohh lol thats cool :) i forgot mine.. ahah when is ur birthday? mine is may 5
if wasn't in the shower, she probably wouldn't care. :)
