im guessing follows you? :) x
good morning today is my friday, i pray for a light day at work :-) have a great day peeps
i love how my boy is nowhere to be found since 11pm ..... smh . guess i'm off with my girls! :)
should be at thruxton just after lunch :-)
if you're online :)
i'm belieber and i'm so proud on this :)
baru beli mau dijual lg? ada yang tertarik mxr dime distortion???contact me!! :d
no worries :)
thank you for the #ff!! :)
yeah.. midnight service..which starts at 11pm and gets over at 1am. then the carnage begins.. :-)
wow i almost forgot that i have twitter hahaha. well this is my first tweet :)
is in a good mood. :) <== lets all get high lol
don't let me forget that i owe you £60 :)
good morning! i feel good today..even though my nose is blocked with bogeys! :)
:) and your name ? :d
oh, you did text even after your hesitation! excellent! :) :)
sorry, i can't show u anything now, btw i was saying it in general :-)
#jonasbrothers are the best! we love you! <3 :)
yup shane watson is playin today:) :) :) :) :)yipppeeeeee;)
hmmm...since you put it that way...maybe i'll have to find some :)
take it easy. :) we are not going anywhere yet, just listing countries on paper. brazil added too!
what do you think they are saying or thinking? tweet me =)
hope everyone is enjoying the easter break as much as i am ... :)
yes it does dinner 6pm? cool...well it's same but not for me :)
lol that would cost you to ship over here :d
nice to meet you anya =)
followed :)
it's not how far you have to go, it's how much precious time you got left... :) #fredism #quote☚love ur wisdom, fred, sir.
good afternoon twitter world! :)
hi adam, did you get some ideas thrown to you? so glad you are taking part again! :)
helllo =)
haven't left just yet.... needed to brush my teeth.... i am now going to check something in my emails then go :)
ur welcome :) . haha, it's bcs i'm a simpsonizers too . please follow my other acc, i'll follow u back :)
if you're belieber follow me, ill follow u back :)
i've read that you are gonna buy a new car! it's amazing! :d i hope it will be fast. like.. fast and furious :d x
oh kay, cool :) umm, havent had dinner yet. going out soon tho. :| hahaha, o yea. i just noticed that. :b
thanks!! :) good luck =)
good morning. :)
epic sleep so ready for this day :)
is a bit less stressed now? :)
full receptionn :)
what do you need to tell me ? :)
permit me to say yeah right! :d #thingsilove: seeing my account balance when i just been paid!!! (this happens rarely)
this is awesome :-) roisin ingle on going back to work.
good night/good morning, sweet cheeks! sweet dreams & pleasant days! ♥ happy weekend! =)
you're welcome :)
welcome :d thanks mention mention gua kek! #maksa
where u from ? :)
thanks for the #ff :)
기계 또 안타 :) #doosanbears
2 ac130's in one game without care packages so over 2 11 kill streaks!!!!!! #mw2 :)
gracey gracey gracey...whereee areee youuu? i need to tell you something loool. you're gonna laugh... :d x
thank you for the #ff and :d
goodnight =)
baru kemarin nonton clash of the titans -_- ajak logannya jalan dong ka :p maseh hihi :d maasih b
up nd on ma way to football...kinda tired still lol...sry bout las nyt :-)
thank you very much :d
nee naw nee naw ambulance on its way :)
new collage i made from the africa pics...feel free to use it too! :)
yup! that's awesome! thank youuuu :d
nope. just gonna stay at home and listen to music :)
ahhhh jjus gettin back to the hotel! :-)
secret messages in texts, clever! i have the bestestest best friend ever, ilh <3 kay nightttt. for rl this timeee! ^_^
yeah its nicks' favourite film haha :) i guessed you did, ;) yeah i'm sleeping round my uncles tonight and tomorrow :d <3
thank you, god bless you too! :)
lucky you ! im jealous :( i had vacation :d two weeks ago :d lol x] have fun ♥
your caped-masked wrestler appearance was epic :d totally knew it was you.
yeah lets do 5 followers for 5 followers :d
hey, if it's not too much could you send me the notes and chords? :) tha... (youtube
just get up and stand outside in the rain for a while. it worked for me last night. sleepy *hugs* for you :)
good idea... delish... enjoy, my friend. rest well this weekend. :-)
i love candy! :)
try :)
it's my ipod wallpaper :) i saw it and was like omg! :')
:) wassup buddy?!!
congratulations! :) mashallah allah has blessed us with a baby girl! :)
this & i will list you 5 times.rt only if you are following me :d
thank you, and have a great day :)
i seriously am :d xxx
cieeee yg br bertwit ria :) rt. hidup !!!!!
omgomgomg serious? omg claudia youre crazy. nice crazy tho haha :)
shoutout >> << follow her and tell me & i'll give you 3 shouties! :)
kak follow back dong :) hehe
pow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay :)
thanks for the retweet, i'm now a follower :-)
hahaa yeah im sure :) haha really! i hate it when i change my username but i think i finally found the right one :)
yeh, i am going to the post office! how exciting :) lol
good night my tweethearts =) and big ups to all my new followers i. got from #twitterafterdark lol luv ya all hmu!!mwahh
this if you're an fan :) i'll list you! <3
just seen your tweet. i think i know how you feel about chronological perspective :d
if you're belieber follow me, ill follow u back :)
off to work. as usual, i will be working sunday, even tho it's easter. hope the easter bunny leaves u all love (i mean dove) chocolates! :)
welcome to my very conservative family. but i still love them :-) .. sorry #installfest & #cairotweetup guys.. would meet you another time..
t shirt jeans and hoodie day today :d
oke udah udah gue follow, followback doong yaaa :d
haha. thank you :d i don't go on msn much -_- hehe :) what's up? how r u? :d
wockey thanks ya :) bete timeline sepi? follow deh, langsung rame sekejap tuh timeline lo!
do it breakbeat do it breakbeat :)
#ff ---> :)
:o nearly 6.000 tweets! :d
i had to look up shawarma tasty! i could do with some of those too! thanks for taking part! :)
way hey :) oh heck yes! outnumbered is coming back to bbc one on thursday!! (via
q:if you could have invented one thing, what would it have been?... a:ipod :)
fresh out the shower.. getting ready for this wedding :d
good 1. about to watch australia the movie. figure if it's no good, at least i get an hour back with clock change tonight :)
who wants a shoutout 5 times?? :d
alrighty then princess :)
i'm great :) you?
cool i cant do horrific but can handle drama. thanks mate :)
yes it does but only when you don't want it to!... dinner 6pm? cool...well it's same but not for me :)
making these bacon, egg and toast cups ~ it is a holiday weekend after all :)
the first one to follow her will get 5 shoutouts, so go go go tweeps! :)
lying in bed with my boy on a saturday morning..bliss :)
add my fb! kaiter renee joseph ! :-) lol ily cus
haha yeeeea we could be sisters xd :) i will ask my dad and mum whether they maybe habe a other daughter but ...
one crayfish done at the gansbaai crayfish festival.. more to be had :)
who wants my msn !? :)
wealth distribution explained! :)
getting ready! :) waiting for my boyfriend to pick me up to go home! i need to go to sleep asap! -_- i'm exhausted
hello there sweet girl. i'm good thanks, just having a bit of a twitter break :) how are you?
ah ok. have to admit, other than the name, i know nothing abt benbow i shall find out. :) what's your interest? historian?
i'm belieber and i'm so proud on this :)
we are on our way to 11,000!!! cheers to our association!! :)
thank you so much for all the kind #ffs! much appreciated. :-)
see y`all layder =) =*
o.c stylee /via <-- totally. twice. :)
thank you :)
if you're belieber follow me, ill follow u back :)
gotta go on now..make sure to follow us if u are a #jasminator :d
it's quite nice actually. more porky than bacony though. :)
ooo good luck! :d let us know how u get on x
#jonasbrothers are tha best! :)
it shouldn't be fast .. it's big & safe :) x
yeah you should watch it, you'll like it =p. i'm from spain, you ?? =)
you're followed :d follow back ? <3
haha, my dad's hometown. here for some prayers tomorrow :)
ooooh they are nice :d
okayy eyes getting type low noww :) lemme make it bakcc to my comfy bed
i won't be back till after 5:00pm later;; maybe i can reach 3,000 followers?? :d
super! thanks :) yes, they do indeed look very bright and exotic. i've now noticed there are two of them pecking at the magnolia
they were ace, mars bar cake is superb! :-)
thanks for the compliment, sir. :)
happy easter my lovely boys :d xx
can you say "hi" to your polish fans? :d <3
same i cant choose there all too brilliant! :d x
yeah, maybe i'll just send you more tea :)
no problem :d
kind of =) rt: for your album?!
seats 60,000 & only 2600 away tickets available. rubbish. still quite gutted i'm not off to to emirates today. homeward bound instead. :)
i have to get up wicked early for a dr. god shoot. seriously, between dr. god, angry white man, io & my lady, i`ve never been happier. :)
then making your account private, that's the only way to stop follow bots :)
can everyone be amazing for like 1 second and follow ?! :d
bisa donk . denger online :) eh , se lu uda beli my worlds ?
i'm a bit sick, and researching for term papers, so it's a bit of a fail as far as weekends go :)
appreciate the :) #ff
but sometimes if they want to relax , they want to get lonely. they also can control their emotion. :)
ok :-) sounds good (y)
i want your hair. they are awesome, like u. :)
thanks for follow, followed back :)
i am reading madly, not intrested in the ipad at all but he makes it so much fun to read :)
follow me back?? :)
you have to follow ---->>> :)
aw ok. ok, that could work :d not sure i'll get on today, i'm bussy, maybe tonight, but you may be in bed :p
buble's in glasgow may 8th.... :d
wow .. miley haha :d how are you ?
i want a new spectacles :)
lmao!!! aye someone's feeling extra religious today! :d
np, i hope you get to meet him :) just don't give up!
omg!!! ahaha thats soo bad!! i brought a mag like a few weeks ago and it said that his birthday was march14th. grr!! ahaha :)
i was just helping someone out. if it annoys you, then unfollow. don't swear at me. thanks :)
god, life is good. :)
it, if you can't wait to see #jonasbrothers on tour this year :d
:) yes! so true :)
be right back twitter :) more google chrome os tests :)
:) if your proud to be a belieber (: ♥ #germanjbarmy
haha! :d can't get away with cook.
hey :) thanks for this cute easter picture :d <3
on the way to church now for my confirmation mass/service! it's gonna be 3 hours long but i'm still looking forward to it! yeah! :)
phineas and ferb :)
i love ur voice ^^ its so amazing :)
jup. email is on manual. friends stay always on :)
oh, okay :) thanks! haha. glory glory! :d
ooooh okay :) haha, me tooo. too bad phineas & ferb never gets busted. :p
hey hunnie <3 how are you? :)
i await the entertainment that will come when all those usa peeps pick up their ipads :)
list me pretty please? :)
yes! munich will get hands on ipad first! :d
@gutjahr was the first in line with a reservation, see for yourself
yes he is co-founder!! thanks for correcting :)
if i were you, i'd definitely be pointing out to me & that only one of our teams has won a trophy in the last 5 years :)
haha yupzz :) i have no idea wat its made out of i just kno its a trip lol
yea it is :-)
no prob. for me, being single is my preferred, default state. and that's quite alright. :-)
in subic bay- chilling near the pool-:) evening spa sessions with my family :) good times....:)
exhausted and on 2da nxt chapter! :)
probably! still amazing though, we're seeing dan!! :o :d xxx
thanks. will suggest tgif too. and i agree about joey's pizza :d
hehe :d i'll go to city with my bestfriend :) and you hunnie? <3
i hope they all r gonna follow u back :) if nt jst lemme know n i'll ask'em! hope u had a gd nites sleep, wht time u went 2 bed?
iya abisnya males ,udah gatau apa yg mau gue omongin lagi ahahaha dah jarang ngeliat tweet lw mut, haha :d hah
i'll keep you updated when i start playing with it :) from what i've read/heard i believe it can be :)
