seneng liatnya :) *blushingrt ihiiir
thanksss :d i'm following you too :p
i just unlocked 'level up!' on 'game room'! :d
anche io!!!! #jonasbieberpeace :d
morning luv :) ochi missing me this weekend. :(
hä wieso? :d
#follow they are just awesome :d
:) nothing special & u?
please follow my personal account : )
follow ------ >rt 6 followers lagi dong bantuin promote :)
oh it seems really small and slim! nice! show us the real thing soon :)
aww... food does that. :) hope you both had a lovely time. :d
morning love :) wats up ? ? ?
just crashed an indian wedding lol, for the great food :d
lig korea open marathon swag... i am so excited :)
got my anthony hamilton playlist & im enjoying my rainy morning :) <= wow i i've been jamming all 3 of his albums =)
rt: #infolimit limit! yang bacaaaa :d
rise and shine! :)
follow us on it's our shared account to support :)
i'm glad you're having her back again. she was great. give her another hour, you might make it to 1960. =)
it's turned into a lovely day in norwich :)
working hard :-)
so much better he had me up@ 6:30 playing legos (&practically all night, cuz he slept in our bed) it's worth the no sleep. :-)
sorry crowd, mommy's on duty as always, going to pass segarra :)
oh, and to all the glee casts: good luck today at oprah! :d :)
io sono per la #jonasbieberpeace :d <3
if you like my new bio ? :)
happy easter, dear :)
hi! :)
a ne ne, drama u youtube videu je vrhunac :)
hahaha.. twitter breakers is seriously required. :)
everyone #demilovato for demi! :)
lol lost aa against qq... from 8k down to 4k. #palooza joined our table :)
got it! :)
oh i c hope u'll have a nice day at work tho :)
born again christian ako :)
time to go, take care folks, later :-)
yeah... she haves a music with this tittle :)
u were shock?? :d me too :p i was shocked and cried alot when i know for sure about it...
haha. hii! :) how are you?
chocolate so far :) he he wish i could find vanilla one :) have you get your vanilla men? :)
haha! nope... he is a twitter friend... doesn't even work with me :)
mornin y'all and happy saturday! hope your day is awesome :-) now to get my java groove on!
omg lol! no one want to rape you!..you to ugly! hahaha :d
so nice of you deep! you are truly a cc :-)
hahaha yeah when u love english then lets talk english :d haha #mileyforever
txs 4 the article. i see you made the most of your canada trip :) btw what are the national historic sites in your region?
good morning :)
i know. i was just sitting outside on the deck with my coffee listening to the birds. it's a great way to start the day. : )
good morning :)
lets get #mileyforever trending! come on!! it :)
good good :)
#jedwardeaster, please tweet me :) as when i went to the xfactor, the woman wouldnt let you come over :(
i was thinking 18th over the only over where a 4 or 6 has not yet come, here comes a cracker from vijay :)
thank you :)
happy birthday ceo park jung min! #501carrotsformal. thank you for being bubbly and such a nice person to everyone :)
where in the uk are you from then? :)
some one tweet me n fill me in on the match! thanks =) #teamchelsea
you're welcome :) <3
new background; credit to :)
omg! why is there such uncool people on my twitter still not tweeting #jedwardeaster c'mon tweet it! :d
what did you have in mind? still not sure how it works tbh :) but could be pulled away from deadspace for some mw/mw2/bordelands
thank you sweetheart :) guys please follow this girl too!
morning :-) how r u?
lol, hello! :) where are you from?
ohhhhh i love your house; i just miss lagos :)
ahhhhhh! i'm cyring inside! telephone is on radio!!! :) brit gaga fans radio 1 nowwwww!!! :)
thanku :) xx
thanks for the #ff :)
followed :)
i bet justin will reach 2 million by the end of the month :d
that's great! x) i missed you too! i hardly have time to come online anymore d: i need a co-owner, rofl :)
off to 4kay run in san antonio. i'll be the one in the pink shirt :) -->> give 'em heck bvl!
awww :( damn that's annoyinggg. next time :) let's see who gets there first :p xx
#indonesiaingin negaranya brsih. aminn ! :)
love albie, or should i say alb's facebook and blogggg!!! aceness! am all subscribed up to it :)
signs of a good night georgyy my beaut :)
am nearly at 25ooo :d
udah :) followed :) follback please :)
yay spider for tea :) mount its head above the fire place? :)
going for a bit.. see you later on tweeters :) keep helping me reach my goal! 43 followers to go :d ..xxx
i'm goin for a nice 2-0 win :) -> that's what i like to hear :)
thankyou :)
hey! :) how're you?
please follow :)
q:yes... i want to marry you. xp a:haha sweet :d <3
hey! follow back? please =)
why ruin a perfectly good pizza with that crap? :)
hahahaha.. aap likho motivational post. ye moti-wait kar rahi hai comment likhne ke liye :d
haha--nice i had that all week!!! i love playing the wii -- especially wii fit -- =) watchin tv + laptop!!
lol dang that's good a day off hope you enjoyed it lol <-- thankzz sweets!! :d
i love the trees. when in full bloom, wow!......the sight makes one soul happy. yay to sakura! :)
definitely! would be awesome ;d thanks for the interview! listening now! radd! :d
thanks :)
q:questionman is back and love you so much :d <3... a:nice :p you like my site? :o
could not decide what to have for lunch, so eating some ice cream while i consider... :-) #fb
i see :) hmmm i don't like them :pp
good morning helen! i hope you get to enjoy this beautiful weekend! :)
trying to follow more european soccer, don't really have a team except for hating man u :)
time for listing back .. :)
have you tried ?a lot of mac users prefer our simple& easy to use invoicing app! :)
i am deeply nuts and i know it so i wouldn't be offended dear :-)
don't forget to spread your cheeks! :)
bux coffee time? good morning btw! :)
would u go out with an 11 yr old girl from victoria??? lol plz reply & follow me !!! =) it would mean da world 2 meeee
i'm careful buying vinyl because i'm picky. sometimes people mark thing "mint" when they are "good" in reality! :)
lunch was yummy: and glad to hear your cold has gone :)
lunch salad with cashews :-) #fb
u can do it,great man of god!! anointing is upon u :)
np ;) oops, sorry :d now followed :d
hahaha awsome :) and im great thankyouu :d hbu?! <33 #mileyforever
on poster i agree with you... own goal... but my version is not so cool :-)
you will, aarts, no worries :-)
your friends painted them very nice :)
who cam up with #mileyforever? :)
: ) enjoy your lovely meal!
go follow the jasminators :) go go go
why are you bothered? we can't have that :)
:)) yay thats one my quotes :) thats soo true!! "when it is dark enough, you can see the stars." ralph waldo emerson
good morning everyone :)
birmingham, uk. :-) youu?
cheers! #ifollowback, so #follow4follow! :-)
you just sent me that reply from the belle france account so i've deleted it but thanks for the sentiment :)
cant imagine w/12 hour work days...many blessings to you both. :)
did i just sneeze? ... i hope it was just because of the sun coming in my window... oh... good morning twitterville. :)
lets get #mileyforever trending! come on!! it :)
good! i'm good thanks. :) just tweeting and listening to music, you?
because that was what rumi said and not him :)
good morning everybody :) good luck and blessings to all today! #nbs #tradegft
thank you so much! :)
#mileyforever plz it :)
hahah yes! :d "my cat?" "meowwwww" :) haha best line from atlantis!
aha, my lil sis dragged me onto the dancefloor ^_^
that's alrighto :) i got the rest of it :)rt (cont)
this is you. :)
laughing out loud at your jedward kissing post and *not* posting the url here for obvious reasons! :)
omg, i have to congratulate all #jonasbrothers fans :) you made them pretty high on the tts :) haha, congratulations<3
meee :) pleease!
suure whats your goall ? :d
oh for the love of fuck. tell them to use their brains. or a geordie bugger will kick them in the tits! =)
4shared atawa mediafire dong jer :d mastering last night paranioa mix .. hope can be uploaded tonight ....
nextgen applications analyst, tampa/lakeland, fl (fl) #job #career :)
we're gonna be breaking our own record :d #csk #ipl
followed you back honey :)
i feel in love with the pizza girl, now i eat pizza everyday ohhhh! #jonasbrothers :)
woo party next saturday :)
i agree. i figure if i run 3.5-4 hours, i'll get 20+ in, and that's a long training run, so who cares? :)
find booth on jogja. we're on booth no 29-30.find the airmail envelope :)
when i said f*cked i meant 'stiff'. :-)<< f***ed or stiff, i´m not fussed :)
porsche? nooo, i'm not that rich! i was talking about porsche owners in thailand :)
lol crack up interview ek aur ek 11 r crazy hilarious! not 2 mention the sexc comedian :d
pst! hey hello. :d
:)
watchin united v chelsea at the min yasssssss then of to see clash of the titans with god nows how this day will end! haha :-)
you never send 30sec clips. all the tracks always arrive in full but can be played in full once. doubt anyone got pissed off :-)
on the way to vegas for the week. :)
heyyyy fiona! :) what's up???-tay
.follow back? thanks!! :d
thank you have a great easter weekend as well! : )
yes! and educators too, to discuss what they are noticing and wondering about : )
would you please follow me if you aren't already? :) xxxx
would you please follow me if you aren't already? :) xxx
anytime :-) #ifollowback, so #follow4follow :-)
<--- pls subscribe <3 tell me if you do and i will give u a huge shoutout :)
would you please follow me if you aren't already? :) xx
thank you :)
shoutout to everyone follow her! :)
lol. love! :) #united
would you please follow me if you aren't already? :) x
been on the same continent together. that's the pull my dad has. : )
#jedwardeaster you probably don't remember me but over february and march you made me the happiest girl ever haha :d xxx
oh, i will... i've been really overwhelmed/busy, and now, things are starting to come back together and calm down. :)
its 13:01. :d & im from birmingham. <3
this was one of mine at the time! fab song and describes "him" perfectly! :-) ♫
likewise! the list suggests we're all excellent. more good company! :-)
thankyou! and yes we fecking were :-)
was online in ym minutes ago. i think i added u up already. happy dinner hun! =)
whuts been happening then? :d
np:) yeah! i think so :d sure:) i follow eyeryone who ask me :d <3
who's bitch number 2? you have us! and there'll be tons of new people :d
any1 of you cuties wanna talk? :)
thank you :) ur pretty to :)
thankss <--- follow now :) x
tattoo shop i want deeetz :d
two lines? ah ha..so u and ur wife queue separately? and see which one is faster... :)
love you guys :) happy easter xxx
rt: when i said f*cked i meant 'stiff'. :-) (ha ha over here stiff means it all now!)#english lol
:)
lol that's true. :d
granimator is the first of the list i just tweeted about : )
how very weird in a cool way, just noticed is following me! hi martha! :)
thank you :)
oooooh.. hahaha. i thought jb did something awful! hahaha. thanks for the info.. btw im rhed :)
hey gareth! you feeling better now? :)
:) i'm thinking kevin get's poorly, & two days later he collapses while out. the when kevin is admitted into hospital, joe
oh. thank u :)
all the way turn't up for sb 2k10 , turn up , turn up , turn up.... :)
yep :) i would not have been up this early if it weren't for the ipad launch.the guy who's 1st in line got here about 2 hrs ago
followers nambah 3 , thx yaaaa :)
how was your show? i'm on grind time til this finale is over. sorry i missed it. u have a show on the 8th. i know you will rock. :)
