i will dm justin 5 times & give a shoutout to anyone who follows hes dmed 7 people i sent :) tweet me if you follow,goo :)
if you want me to #promote you :)
yessss!! haha the account was started last night and in about an hour, there were 15 followers! :d give them shouties instead lol
installing for rainmeter :)
follow now this awesome girl <3 :d
super kiligness ang #babeiloveyou!!! may part 2 pa sana :d :)) i heart nico :))
autmap for iphone :) can't wait !!
:-) your sis also someone who can do with a follow?
timelinee movinqq ultra sloww ;; soo immaa imm juss see yalll tweetsx wen iwakee up =)
having to face that my 98 chevy blazer may be going to blazer heaven; aside from that, pretty good! :d
cant wait to listen to some test from it :)
why didn't i know there was a fan page for room service on facebook?! awesome :d
haha cool :) what grade are you ?
saw it on my personal :)
#jedwardeaster #jedwardeaster #jedwardeaster #jedwardeaster please tweet me! :d
:-) thank you.
give me a picture and you will be doing some serious ballet dancing with a lollipop in your mouth :-)
good morning, heather. anything exciting today? we're prepping for easter dinner :-)
sure :)
does anyone have the bigger lights new album? if so would they be willin to send me it? :)
house do some housework... lol; flat run up and down the stairs :)
shout out to <- follow us. i'll list you 5 times if you did. just tell me :)
cheers bryce. yep. i have a show starting this tues at swindon arts centre, plus a bigger one at post modern in swindon. :d
hey :)
listening to vice city audio files. already found some that aren't in the actual game. :d
omg really? thats really nice of u thanx :)
good morning to u :) how u doin
u can your food np, just not your liquids. :)
thanks! we're doing dinner with my parents very non religious. and a happy easter to you, too! :)
cool! & where is egg for me? :d
happy birthday to you... <-- thank youuuuuuu sweetheart :)
oh lost boys is fabulous. or at least it was when it came out and i was 18/19 and in love with kiefer sutherland :)
ahh ur face is rweal familiar do u go lesta :-s < yhhh dmu :)
hehee, i'm just trying to figure out my day too! lol. i will send a tweet out about toronto & blog :)
aw, thanks! you, too. :) and further blessed with a good, honest, fulfilling job offer yesterday... truly #thankfulfor it.
if you want me to #promote you :)
that's great ♥ :)
here's what first in line looks like :-) (via
jihad fi sabil allah ...wassalam :) #pakistan
where are my goods ma? :d
hey. thanks. i already got one.. :-)
go ask away :d ?
going to my uncle's office :) i'll scan mag and i'll come home to tidy this mess (originally called room) :d
your welcomeee :d
awesome friends, appreciate your : )
i'm just randomly up at 8am ? cool :d
thanks :)
#jonasbrothers are my life, my love, my dreams... my everything!!! :)
have a gr8 day. family time! :-)
awww thank you, i try =) so are you =) i'm glad i tweeted nw =d
hii hiiii. #jedwardeaster tweeet meee! :d
shoutout for shoutout ? :d
i will give :d
not me :)
park should've been booked for diving... 5live commentator having a go at the ref for not even talking to him :d
attention new followers! welcome to the party, now if you'll all just get inline and raise your that would be great. :)
happy birthday :) <-- thank you so much darling, appreciateeeeeee :)
waking up to kisses from my baby...priceless :-)
hi, are laughing at me or with me lol ;-d :)
what a match #csk shows whats mean by #ipl :d to teh world beat it #rr :d
morning! yes fog is ok sometimes, but not when we're hoping for nice sunny weather and views for hiking :)
ofc! :)
i love it here in florida... this is where i belong. :)
thank you <3 let's support blackjacks! #alwayskeepthefaith :)
*waves* good morning my non-flakey friend :) you are of the few and far between, fyi.
listening to #dirt i think u all should to :)
hey brotha so what's good for my work that need to be done =)
good mornin to everyone, hope your easter weeked is awesome :d
follow!!! and now! =)
justin said that u have to go follow right now !!! :)
goodmorning tweeties! :d
enna madiri ! i plan for exams but onnum nadakathu! :d :d
hair salon early!!!! whew :)
lol you and merlin... :d
thankyouu :) #mileyforever bin ich auch :d haha #mileyforever rawwwr ily till the end!! <33
oh coolies and awwww liz ♥ :d
do something meaningful with your lives and follow :d
i see ur up gm :) <-- yeahhh, i'm headed to work!!...but i'm off 2!! ^_~
shoutout to he's gonna be big! follow him guys :) x
hello little miss delany :d
im bored, im gonna take some pre-easter photos and twit pic them :) haha pre -easter? werd i get that from?!
if you love selena and miley, be sure to follow :) and i own it! :d
like him as the background. but not just a picture. i just want him like not the background of the picture :)
ahhhh. i love it in camden. lived here for a few years now :)
:d :d tweet me??!(: xxxxxxx #jedwardeaster
thank you honey :d
sorry lol happy belated bday maxii =)
:) then please enter -- it's a fascinating book!
would u give a shoutout :) we wanna get her 1000 followers today
happy bday papa!! have a good day x <-- thanks so much chey :)
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away to yourself. :d
lol *blushes* thanks :)
will someone please tell gianna that yes the easter bunny is coming. she doesn't seem to believe me. :)
i can do yeahh :)
i'll play :d
lots of wishes for the birthday star :)
hi there! i'm fine thanks:) you? :)
at least you know what happened! when you find something & can't figure out how it got there, then you should worry... :)
nothing interesting, how about you? :)
oh shit, he's toooo cute! he's hella adorable :)
1 more follower :)
whatevs. :)
thanks :) *hugs* my closest friends are by
good morning everyone! woooooo it's sat. :) enjoy!!!
i almost have 3,000 subscribers on youtube...wow :)
woo hoo! for adam? lucky lucky :) take a pic once you get it and brag on twitter
im fan-dabby-dozy! more than half way thru work :-) 3d footie sounds good enjoy :-)
hello shinee worlds singapore! nice to know you! ^^ spread the shinee love. :d
jus a nick drake boxset w/a new documentary bout him tought you'd love did it on a whim!! hope thats ok :)
life is good :) just home from a week in spain :) wish i was back there tou cause the weather here is terrible haha wbu? :)
tis cool aint it :d xx
if you love ! :d #jonasbrothers, the best ever.
iyaah thanks yah kak! :)
just trying to enjoy my single life :)
omg, it's izzy from :) the mp3 from sat's show sounded awesome! people should check it out on the zine
oh the weather was very rainy to begin with. not sure how it is now :-)
ok, i'll visit your page ;) hi, can u please visit my page? :)
reminder if you're at the raleigh or durham apple stores to check-in up until 3pm for something special. :)
completely agree with you there dude :) one one hand we have these bozo...
good morning : )
hmm... kek judul lagunya eels love loveless nice song.. photo aheartfortheheartless :)
omg yes i love london. it was my first time so it was amazing :d
hahaha , you mocking me bro? :d
avg person sleeps for 23 yrs of their life. we obviously not avg. generation lasers, we're beaming. :)
hayy :) i'm good thanks and you ??
smells like spring on :d <-gorgeous treasury!! check it out!
i had no idea that is following me. now if i can only get 5 more followers to get to 900 :)
whenever someones sad they should read ur story, its hilarious ;) rofl, it would turn them on :d
follow >> now!!!! :)
okay bb , what do you take in it? :d
online at dads for a bit :)
too excited to sleep, want to play tilt hd on the ipad now!! :) 4.5 hours to go! thx
aww your so sweet! :)
what are "the configured encryption options." & how do i get a browser with some? :)
thank you for the tweet outs! :)
udaaah :) followed. folback ya :) yg mau ku follow 14 orang pertama
oh, and rubyflow also looks a lot better on the iphone now too :-)
elu iyaaart ahaha gue ngga kali wkwkrt waaaa jd malu:$ you too!!!rt you both always beautiful :d
damn!! common' uniteeddd!! chelsea :) whaaat?? siapaaaa??? goal :)!!
didn't expect the game to be this good :)
i've been here. bit of a dip in the blogging and tweeting but not longer than 5 days in a row. tsbeen busy! :-)
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away. :) you rockkk.
i seriously think that has a great future in acting :d
mika.... i did say in my next tweet that i liked you ... :) just like the sparring that goes on when is there :)
just read your beautiful post. :)
i just sent it to you etsy convo. :)
q:coo im 14 :l wer u frm x a:im from the netherlands, hbu? :)
not butting in as a follower i have the right to laugh at ur misfortunes :d
i say! that's ruddy gorgeous :)
#501carrotsformal jungmin helped with her japanese. :)
refollow me please =) <3
udah lama kok:)rt follow me thanks :)
well at least you have an extra hour of sleep if you need it this morning. :)
& i are awake & getting ready for #locphx :-)
i'm great!!! :) thanks u? i just created formspring!!!! lol
see u ready 4 da summer! we need to hook up! #@ecstasymodels great no complaints :-)
omg!!! i think they will be popuiar!!!! lol okay :d
ce ws tak follow :) follow blek ;p
today 236+ people followed me :) i love you all
thanks hon for my #fs :) woot
lol, i like amy winehouse's version. :) so why don't you come over valerrriieee :d it's playing right now
i follow u already! :)
hi =) so far so good, maybe it´s bcuz i dont have time now to tweet.. i listen to music tryin to get ready for dinner.. and u?
aww, dont worry! u will someday! :)
i'm so glad that they decided to have him. i do love and my mgbf's <3 :d x
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away. you rockkk. :)
listening to the greatest album ever. lets get ur #dirt on :)
wow, ur comment is so nice naman, thanks! :-)
#nowwatching true jackson, vp. :)
thanks for all the great #ff recommendations yesterday. hope everyone is having a nice saturday morning so far! :)
rt: hey shopping buddy! :d malay class is okay. thanks (: ooo and ash, i... #dreamertweets
go plurk app!! :-)
q:what's your favourite of justin bieber's song? a:i love every song :)
heeeey dj :) thanks you too hun
well everyone is beautiful but you're my sugar jade =) you must be beautiful <3
good morning twibulous ones ....@ work, i hate this plc....lord b w/me for these 8 hrs. 2 cookouts this weekend : ) yippie!
its not just a bag its prada :)
any1 streaming the hayes fight tonite!!!! let me know if u find out :)
i have a horse called easter :) have a great easter i love you!! xxxxx
good morning! hope the sun is shining 4 everyone :-) rb@doyler29: "good morning ♫
:o how could u eva unfollow me ahah im follow them now no worries :d x
good mornin to you! :)
toronto! any peeps taking part? give a tweet & perhaps meet up :)
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away. :d you guys rock!
*where the jls droolers at? lol!* and jls. :d
hahaha yeaaah :d i hope hell not come back :p lol so what'cha doing?! :d #mileyforever :d <3 #mileyforever
hehe. i looks and tastes delcious at the same time :)
why am i going through my timeline and is just speaking my life lowkey-ly. lol. goodmorning :)
sama haha.bantuin dong :d waha saya mau itu mah *mjb #indonesiaingin semua rakyatnya punya rumah kayak whit
ah a food market my second favourite type of market after nic-nacs... :)
that's an older picture, clementine is probably long gone. (and would freak if i brought another animal home! :) )
i can use a drop spindle, but i'm not great at it. hoping this will be what i need to become a spinner. :)
i do :p :d followed ;) haha, yeeeah :d
haha well, based on your tweets so far, doesn't seem like it. :)
again: automap for iphone :) can't wait !!
is my fave bieber site why? because they are the ones who got justin to follow me = :d thankss <3
resikonya dateng telat antrian panjang dan (makin) kepanasan...maybe 1 bulan lg ? :)
shoutout for shoutout?! :d
well .... it was raining :-)
i hear you're hitting canada? :)
