oh ok, thanks for reminding me.. they told me they were running it, i forgot :)
dont get me wrong... i loved onika lmaooo but im glad shes found so many new fans as nicki too =)
rencana malming: wok to go dvd bakar2an. yang mau join k rumah gueh ajeh.. :)
aww! thankyou :) i love you too honey!
if u think justin's voice getting sexier each day :d
jus got back in! about 2 watch saturday morning cartoons! =)
if u think justin's voice getting sexier each day :d
i tried once and i got disconected. im just afraid i wont be active. -.-" im gonna sign again soon! :d
how long have you been there? :)
ask me anything? :)
that is soo sweet of you.. :) haha. btw, im rhed.
haha love you tooo :d
hahan sedang live painting di suave wall. cihuuuyyy :)
do you have old school ss501 and of course jung min's pics? tweet it to us. let's share! :) #501carrotsformal
okay, just join in if you wanna play! i'll give shoutouts to the first 3 people who get the song right :)
thanks for watching patrol!!! :-)
it adds to the ambiance lol. i miss them. there used to be a few around here, but they all closed. coolest way to watch films :d
heyheyhey marvin!!!! 2 eggs! wooo whataboutyou? :-) ... hope your having a great easter!! xxx
woaaa i got you to 1400 :)
shopping.... makes you broke everytime! :)
ahhhhh. +1 for not having kids :d
morning =) wssup?
see you there. :)
of course not! only unfollowed people who don't follow me :)
check out this video chat from tinychat :)
haha. i know. oh well the world goes around..=) have a blessed holy saturday! =)
add facebook mecy please ! meci_gokil9a@yahoo.com . thanks :)
too late, im already a loss :-) #maniachi
finally.. my website got a page rank of 4 after three months :) i am so elated. thanks a ton, guys for mentioning my tuts in ur articles :)
i'm not going to be back for a couple months, going to have carrie mail it to me :) thank you so much!!!!
good morninggg :)
don't really like him. i want higuain tbh, young and talented! :) ynwa
you should have organised an eppic easter egg hunt for today. :)
hey love :)
whoever follows right now will get a shoutout + dm sent to justin & christian <33 tweet me if you follow, gooo :)
no problem at all :)
if u think justin's voice getting sexier each day :d
thats alriight :) xx
know what will be good? when people talk less about their electronic book readers and more about books they're reading on them :)
i love pink balloons :) men are like balloons. when you kiss and blow, something get bigger.
hahaa k :) yoou craack me up ! :)
blaaaah, i love you :d
meditation techniques for busy persons, buy our ebooks 1200 seconds meditation at 99.99$ only :)
nice :d <3
tnx for a great night in stockholm! where can i get a copy of dj isaac bitches? :) the track is not available till this date!
exactly my thoughts, hope you feel better soon :)
not only finished the work, but i sent the invoice as well. now i can relax for the rest of the break :)
thanks a million :-)
siapa ini ? follow back please :) x
miley fans can do this make #mileyforever a tt it plz :)
lol, that was cute! :)
ikutan ahh ucapin happy birthday buat chuaaaa :) neng ultahhhhh thoooo...happy birthday (cont)
i didn't drink a sticky wine tonight, but ate a sticky dessert sticky date sago to be exact :) #stickysat
thanks for your rts! =)
chelsea 1-0 man u < =) grrr < don't hate!!
hey!do you have any link about that? :)
but then they transported it to fort myers and got our bag back =) but now my grandparents have to take a later flight home
awesome :) did you have a good tme?
:) good friday service + pretty woman = best friday night. #homebody just like lol
both kids asleep....... time for a nippy nappy noo too i think :)
thank you, lorenza! #ff :)
good how are you :) << me tooo :) thank you bout to go the manicure :) yessss
welcome. :)
#4sqday is a worthy distraction. :) glad to hear the ebook's coming along. finish this summer probably?
aaaw just got the sweetest message from andy cowels on myspace :) <3 i could cry x
every hottie with a body needs a cutie with a bootie! :) << i'm right here, baby!! ;)
yeh it is, more or less all day, with ga programmes inbetween :) x
attempting a sneak attack at best buy...i'm not fangirl enough to handle apple store lines. :)
thanks for watching patrol!!! :-)
that comes from having a good example =) ... thank god i have kids that eat healthy at home, they pick veggies over sweets. :-)
hope you have great day :) you got anything planned for tonight?!
no pantiessss !? :o where yu get that from ?? :)
thanks laura :) yeah i was suppose to go up yesterday for the weekend :( x
ooh i'm now on first name terms with he told me to call him jonathan and i said he can call me dopey :)
awww thanks so much!!!! have a great weekend!!! :) #ff
not long :) i am curious too
happy #jedwardeaster you were awesome in the window at the morgan hotel. :) dancing away. :) you rockkk guys. love you. :)
thanks for watching patrol!!! :-)
i love him too :)
thank you dearest :) like this madam :))
good morning to you :)
awesome! enjoy the moment and twitpic it later :)
good morning eveerybody!!! :)
can you please follow back? :)
hey support #turf, add a #twibbon to your avatar now! :d
pleaase do me a favor and send this cutie > a flirty dm or tweet ?! would mean a lot ;) thaank you :d
ooops? see? this is how i accidentally applied :) it's who put out the call. *cringesforself*
sounds yummmmy :) save me some ;} xxx
mornins. awesome :)
good idea; their's was good fun... i've even entered the competition for one of their t-shirts :-)
listening to 'pure' by the lightning seeds on the office is filled with nostalgia! ahhhhhhhhhhh. :-)
haha :d how come you can speak korean?
who wanna talk? :)
if u want shoutouts :)
nice chatting me going shortly too.. :)
omg they are so coool! :d no problem hun :d
dear <------ can you stop making my frikken heart melt please !? #kcool :) byeee <3
thankyou so much!!! :) follow >> now!!! :)
thanks for the tip! :) i'll check it out.
anyone want to list me please?? :)
i dont really see steph &jess but this easter holiday i am!:} my 2nd time seein them :d
thanks for your vote on the justing bieber song! :)
more like it :)
hello. can i have a tweet please???? :) xx #jedwardeaster xxxxxxxxx
have you seen our latest videos? let's just say, they're unique :)
very addicting =)
why this suspense ? its you :) who has written max no of posts? i think its & he has 1 thamiz blog only
well i did a tumblr theme, but coding canvas functionality now... will have to do a new design soon though :)
i am sure we can make #mileyforever a tt ! so what are u waiting for lets do it :d
half marathon day! wish me luck :) //good luck!!
velle lol! u makin bizniz deals on twitter and now u gon report live about the fest as well,o buzy mann! :-)
thankyou :) lol beware of what? nothing to be scared of haha x
christoph niemann’s my way :)
praying for audition :) *wish i were there..
#joriking its going everywhere :)
yvw : )
happy easter :)
if you love justin bieber so i can list you. :)
i'm quite happy about being a gleek... i usually get there in the end : )
aww..it'll be fine :)
morning to you too sweet heart good morning handsome. there's ur ugly truth :-)
#carefree :d as much as it galls me to say it, chelsea deserve that
yup :) but we haven't been able to run it all yet :/
oh! netflix delivered that this week and we've yet to give it a go. now i'm more motivated! :)
they won't last that long :)
thanks for the follow friday mention! :)
headed to apple store perimeter to get my ipad :d
thanks :) thank you very much :)
you started this yes be nice. :)
~ we show the world daily how to treat us.. in how we treat ourselves :)
i'm mad cuz theirs no damn milk. sn thank g0d 4 bless`n me 2 c a new day (: << that's my "mrs" ;) :)
hello :). how are you? :)
just bought album and i think its amazin. my favourite album i've bought in a long time :)
hahaa im tweeting the lyrics from justins song kiss and tell lol :)
at the beginning of april nonetheless! well done, ny :)
good mornin mama<-lol morning :)
ohh cool!! thanks! :)
if u love my background :)
tweet charn :drt :d :d tweet me??!(: xxxxxxx #jedwardeaster
oh,i got it. it was awesome. i sing when i look at you. :) american idol, i miss the stage. hahaha hah?
#jedwardeaster :d nomnomnomnom
please do :)
heaven! :d it has been a while lol. how have ya been chica? :d
thank you :)
i swear she's actually going mad ^_^
dont mention it :)
add meci_gokil9a@yahoo.com on facebook . thanks :)
hahaha! lol sonny with a chance is in the background of this video :)
followed follow me thanks :)
when my friends wanna know something about justin, they automatically ask me :)
shoutouts while im gone :) ill return :) <3 get me to 900 please :)) just 39 left :))
you see i still don't know what pun intended means :( spill the oil and tell :)
shoutout for shoutout?! :d
yepp more sleeeep :)
fogtredi vfdewn #stfu :) / is this german or?
oh cool, thanks :)
soccer is just exercise for other sports :d
#indonesianeedsdemi dm me the pass? :)
if you want me to #promote you :)
all the best :) i'll join you for a morning ride by the powai lake soon.
ipad home delivery day. i have never seen so many of my ichat buddies available at 7:30 am on a saturday before in my life. :)
i feel like im 4 years old & this is christmas morning :) first game of the season today #nats #sox! is it 4:05 yet?!
if you want me to #promote you :)
thanx pal luv u ! and thanx for helping making #mileyforever :) plz keep helping us thanx :)
#jedwardeaster yoo jedward its danny boy, have a great easter :)
whenever someones sad they should read ur story, its hilarious ;) rofl, it would turn them on :d
let's make #demilovato a tt so she can see how much #welovelovato !!! :d
no problem sweetie :) love you too <33
oeps i look to you :-)
if i say, wont be cryptic. anyways, i dont bitch. :)
as of this tweet i have 639, so 61 :)
watching the #f1 :-)
that is great must make you feel loads better when u have a good night's sleep :)
:) , you got more today ?
oh are man utd playing? that means nico might tweet soon! :d
you too :-)
lmao xd they don't hurt! :d xd but my bra's are really tight now >.<
i luv u! just sayin :)
these look interesting… thanks! :)
am i seeing this right? #50carrotsformal on number 7. tt worldwide! :d
for 4 days :) not that long 'cuz it was a schooltrip..
probably! i'll make one today or tomorrow and post on :d
makes the world a little more manageable when you use it :)
hidup triaar! eh, hidup chelsea! re: hohoho sama kayak chelsea dong :)
queee bom :d
well then, you're all effed up too. :)
~ thanks! say hello to lovely dori :-)
thanks for watching!!! =)
:) voicesilikealot #ff
miley fans can do this make #mileyforever a tt it plz :)
i'd understand, james. my own is in the same circumstances. but at least you'll be ready when you get yours. =)
i listed back.. :)
you are fine. just always looking for new casino/gambling types. :)
interesting that they're only redeemable at walmart. i guess u can't argue with free cfls no matter where u have to buy them. :)
