hah yeaaah! they're fkn bitcheeesss!:d just like meeee.. im a bitchhhhhhh hahhaa :d
haha yes i should be put in an ugly home :d
we're looking to introduce it end of april =) omg yum! that sounds delicious ! when will that be available?
shoutout 4 shoutout? :)
back to #ussr :) #odessa #photo
yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaah same back! too much love to write down! <333333333333333333333333333333333333 :)
aww thanks :d im bored... :/
but i slept the whole evening yesterday ahah now i'm early :d
that i am! :)
if u want me to delete my twitter :)
i am afraid i didn't quite get this one :)
it was nice meeting you :) you to loved the energy you had with people was vibing with yall!
you're welcome! :d
it's all i'm doing today! it's a big one :d
everyone follow --->> she's a belieber :d
nice hoping austin line won't be too big either :)
ah you meant twitter stealing things, right? :) xxx
oh gosh... so true! :)
yeah i know regal, shes a great cpmv maker :)
we have our own roles when camping and stick to them. we love it :) i also have an obsession with pegs..
do you like singing i'm yours? i love that song so much :)
drop the world :)
easter is going well :) i've just been given some lovely undies and new jeggings, & molly has peppa pig doll & books :) who needs chocolate'
all the best !!! :)
no. i just dont wanna answer them. so...what is new in your life? :) had any fun lately?
ou nga ! ginawa ko talaga lahat para mafollow nia yung isa nating acc. haha ! co-owner naten si nichole dun. :)
thanks for the #ff :-)
good morning friends!! wishing you a wonderful weekend!!~life is good!!~hello,and have a great day! :)
thanks girls :d
lol good stuff huh :)
let's catch up tomorrow. i miss u. :) *hugs*
q:hey :) how are you ? a:heya too.. just chillin.. n u?
whos up? << ross is :)
by the way simon just to be the 137,975,029 th person to say it... 'well done.' :-)
thanks love :) glad it was a good night
april 5 = glee obama's easter egg roll. april 7 = glee on oprah! april 8 = cory on ellen! april 13 = glee is back! mark your calendars! :d
i would like them if they weren't :) follow back :)
yes and your full name please :)
of bieber and jonas should do a duet :d
i uploaded new pics any comments? :)
just finish to tidy up my room ;) ... so who wants to talk? and shoutouts 4 shoutouts? :)
#shoutout2dagirlz that are apart of this #wingzup movement u truly r the baddest women on twitter! <-- 1st lady checkn in :)
cool!! where, keep us posted!! :)
ty! :) brilliant gorgeous empress angels beaming w stunning beauty clever wisdom & charisma
yeah its going to be great, drinks out on a terrace somewhere then just around town, have a mate over from spain :) xx u?
ofcourse :)
hey lysiane!! :) how's it going?
we will, we will :) x
done with the tiramisu! yeah do you like it :d haha
kind of wish i had done something last night other than taking a two hour nap before bed time. ooohhh well :)
psht that's not old ^_^ hopefully you'll keep in contact with me! haha. i'll dm you my number aswell. forthe next time i'm up>
#copycat :)
i've been listed 222 times haha :) belieber
dancing around 2 walking on sunshine so fun :d hahaha x
it's always wonderful 2 know that u are surrounded by the family happy family day :)
will be watching latest ep tonight! :d w0000000000t. totally love the series.
thankyou :)
:) nopee but ill loook now! x
i know i know i know :d haha
~~ thanks loads for my #ff :) hope you are haen' a trouble free weekend :)
of bieber and jonas should do a duet :d
what do you mean? :) xxx
why crib about "shoania" when we 've the remote with which we can change the channels :)
see you there :) !
hehehe :d ummm, not really. cos i only go out during the weekends. i gotta go now. ttyl honey! (:
mmmmm :) lol. did u have a good night out?
earlier tonight, i was saying "green needs some good card draw in roe" and then i see this :)
okay who wants a shoutout for shoutout? we need 9 more! :)
u are up too? i can't sleep for my life. gonna try again. :)
i'm i manage capulet who are on tj :)
i've seen other ghibli movies, but not many.but that will change this vacation. :d of the ones u listed, i've seen mononoke
free surf mag photo & article on me and the girls :) ...volume 7, number 4, page 32...
good nite world... good nite angels thanks once again... :) • good nite! "charlie" lol •
something like this + red :)
i bet notices everyone but he can't respond to every tweet :)
#people should get belieber higher on the tts! haha :)
was ok. far too muddy & wet though. going back when it's dry :) x
thank you! :)
no emotion sed okay anything else and jus left it der im not a prik :) but why did u lock it babe i thought he was nice :s
rock 'n roll girls.... get that coffee down your necks!! lol think i will join you!! :) xxx
it is a very small gay world. especially in ireland. :)
hey you can just get me the 20 followers when you get back from the malll :)
haha i m sure they will :d <33
if u want me to delete my twitter :)
ahhh justin bieber baby on viva! :) if u are a true belieber u'll scream now: ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!
if you love justin's smile! :)
retweet if you think #jonasbrothers are awesomee :d
lool. that song is super catchy. didn't care for it at first. but after a while it grows on you. :)
they sell thai red rice at the asian grocer on city rd, southbank :)
thanks :)
good good , yeah im okay gots a tummy ache though (n). wuu2? :)
thanks :d <<<follow now!!
morninggg gaby :) howar you?xx
i unfollowedd people who weren't following me. want me to refollow you? :)
aww thats great :) thanks btw i won the comp yesterday :) xo
me =)
did you have a good trip? was it your first time? such a fascinating place. and outlet shopping too. :)
cheers mate! think i'm coming over properly on tuesday, shall let you know when i'm certain :)
aww bles glad ur having fun :) wow lucky last show and ur going :) wish i cud x
follow back ? :)
