show your appreciation for #massiveattack ! tell her that u love her. were all here for hb :)
i want this dollhouse made of sweets mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm :)
this morning already watched lion king and now happy feet. kid 1 getting his full treat of movies :d now my turn. bring on the soccer!
hello you :)
#jonasbrothers if u liked watch joe dancing single ladies! :)
follow now :)
no thanks, have tried several times. :)
awwwwww sweet, missed ya too =), sorry was cramming in some recording an time just flew byyy =)
thanks for the #ff :)
thank you so much darling <3 ill really appreciate it :)
if you want me to follow you :d
i'm still here though :)
u throw it girl haha :-) xx
yeah, i spoke with some ppl from there. :)
all done! the lobster wins x and now to try and fight the cameramen to get near it :)
can you please and help us get #happybirthdayleona trending for 25th birthday :)
yeah but not so well haha :)
i know...sometimes she also talks sense :) !
sorry. hold on i'll tweet you when i'm ready :) sure :)
oh and i defineately need to tweak thw synth parts of the song before i upload as they are a little bit effy :)
gm everyone, i hope you all get some today!!! :)
ah but it is home to la morte subite :-)
it's horrible isn't it. at least if i send them a courier i can stalk my shoes online :)
what? :d sorry
i wish too. brooklyn :) i love summer :) :l
ok off to do a little shopping. i'll try to be good, i promise. later twitlings :) (tweet from my mobile)
happy b'day ya mariooo :)
hehehe. thank you. i appreciate the restraint :d
haha. it should. i mean its an awesome term :d
amusing myself on twitter while jack does tge driving down to mid wales :-)
thats good :) i saw the picture that kristenn uploaded. u were soo cutee :) aha <3
good morning fuckers! thank you so much for getting me to 1,017 followers! i'm so excited :d i will give you all a pressie on tuesday! xx
everyone follow & awesome beliebers whom i love!! :d
quality time with :)
might be creepin on our tweets ^_^
#infolimit is on limit , this if you care guys! :d
yup".. senin kekampus ku loooohhhrt see you tomorrow at 4.30 pm on :)
yes it's that time again to do that thing we all do once a day i hope........... sleep. =)
nothing really, just eating an easter egg, haha :d you? (its lucie btw (: )
but i'm still happy with my haircut :)
thank you to all my new followers :)
off to play warrenpoint today with and canny wait hi! :d x
woahah :d i got 1 more :d
the song is "why cant there be love" by dee edwards :) i had to look it up its so good lol
what's your idea? :)
im fine thanks you? :)
thank you tweeps :) good night xoxo
☺ amien.. :) soon u'll hv ur mother in law to accompany u.. amin ;) : lucky u! re.lunch w great mother..
pushing infographics too far? (i actually like it :) comments are interesting too
nice, sunny & warm here :)
put ur hands up ! coz justin is awesome :d
learning to juggle, type lefthanded and open a bottle of wine one handed! good fun though :-) oldest 5, then 2 and 5 wks
gooood luck :) :)
that's cool jordan ;) when will you do live chat? i'd love to join :) ily ♥
two thumbs up!! :) akyu.. my son's fav book's called 'jungle drum'. re:mendongeng sblm tidur.
thank you for my parcel :) there is hope for my skin now! and my faith in royal mail has been restored for now
p.s. i am naxvee or or whatever you need to search on dailybooth to find me :)
i followed you :d
chillin at the apple store. :)
: thank you orianthi !!! :d aww you make my day !! :d thanks for following me, i love you !! <333
guys you know you love if you don't you know he's supersexy. so follow him yeah ? :d
heyyyyyyyyyyy :d i'm so happy today :d
whoa that's gonna be cool :) have you ever been to the uk before?
sounds like a good plan to me :d
upload one or two pictures per hour :d
thts wats up :-)
cheers for the shout out jane :)
my mum just gave me a tiara :d
thanks i couldn't remember that episode of supernatural. and yes, fabulous title! thanks for looking into that for us. :) ~ hexed
wooohoo. i got 1 more :d
i love it how fast reply me :d
thanks 4 listing me guys! :) want it to make to 500?
hello lala :) massive attack, massive attack....got the bomb bombs make the whole club go back, ehhhh
i love how replies my dms and tweets most of his fans :) should do that more often :d
hem kok belum ya? followed :)
:) its my job some people just know how to make a person forget the world and all the (cont)
i learned from the supreme overlord. :d
listenin' music and surfing the net ;) waiit ur boy or a giirl? :d ahaha
i saw before the game! :d bryce gibbs rules! and i'm awesome! #thingsyouneededtoknow
follow heeer! :d
hahaaaaa i don't think soooooooo :d
i have a very hungry caterpillar colouring book :) it is a different kind of therapeutic isn't it?
i get it from :)
..a surprising call received :)
reply me nicky and make my day plz :) loveyou xx
yesterday's show was great! so much fun, and the audience had fun too! and i signed and kissed breasts! yay! ^_^
#nowplaying build me up buttercup busted & mcfly :)
aha i can tell :d are you going to young stars thing todaaaay? x
eurgh i hate improving coursework! gona stop 4 the day!! time to get dressed while listening to the v'rons.. then im off :d xx
:-) #ff
haha! can you list me and can i get a shoutout? :) i need 5 more to reach 600 <3 thanks. x
omg me!! :d what day?
i'm not suprised! i would give up my house for a jonas to sing to me :d
i just put a revolver map widget on my blog. help fill it up with friends. :)
crp is taking donations of used books (mostly arabic but some english ok) for all ages if you have some please dm :) thanks! #fb #in #jordan
followed back :)
i'm wating so i can watch the time go from 2:59am to 2am. :d
thank youu :) ♥
just on our way to plymouth for the next gig. actually had a little lie in today ahhhh! :) bx
#manutd fans good luck but this one belongs to #chelsea :d
