yep, sachet of dried bread yeast will do the trick. if you can get a hold of fresh yeast even better but dried works fine :)
nada jst heading home :) u??
greenhills with familia :)
twin of hehe. no no, it's only just for fun. no hurt feeling. i'm a belieber too okay :)
doing 5 followers for 5 followers :d who wants to do it :d
ladiessss we starting this morning rightttttt :)
lunch time ;))! bbl. keep following :) x
good luck though with developing for your bh2 :) it for sure has a good design at least
everyone ! go and add my dolls ! --> :) ♥
please follow my favourite taylor swift support twitter! :)
thanks mate :)
shoutout to -----> <------ :d <3
if you want me to upload a new dancing video with my twinsis :)
... :)
okk who wants to gt 5 new followers :d , and we will help you get 5 in return ? x
hey it's on stage! :)
i will be at 5,252 :)
let's join forces :) i think i need to join the winning team, any room left?
ok i can :)
i just googled myself! :d
achso okay,what are you doing ? :)
i'm happy with 145... :)
follow amazing fanpage for lucie and stacey :)
why thank you, i'm glad you like them :)
yes panic the shops are closed for a whole day, loons :-)
and should do a song together :) it would be awesome xd
lolol yup!!! and i'll be injecting it all day tomorrow too :d
happy easter to pln (4 the ones who celebrate it) :-)
farts, while popular in teen movies, appear rarely in advertising :)
3 dms from thanks :)
q:heyhey follow me back ? :) a:suree :) in here or twitter? lol
good morning home dawgs! if you wasn't on last night, then i'll tell you again..clubpenguinsv got 1,300 views yesterday. yippee! :-)
wow 128 signetures already! guys keep going hes over for my birthday, please help me! :) x i love you guys
ooh i like them just plain old individually fried greek restaurants serve them a lot fish chips :)
yourr welcomee :)
um sometimes i dont like indonesia cause its #hot .. i mean the weather :d #hbu ? aww hwy did you say that?
and here's some screenshots of colloquy for ipad in landscape: and portrait: :d
s/netsplit/fail whale/ :) i went back to irc this week for the time in ages, surprised to still see netsplits everywhere
good morning everyone! :d
well, if you want to feel better, is older... at the tweetup, she had to park her zimmer outside, not enough room :)
i loveeee so muuuch <3 i wanna meet her one day :)
if i'm honest, i had a great night's sleep...yet still feel tired :s ah well, on with the day! hope you're doing good! :-)
follow back pls? :)
ikuuut dooong, sebagai anak jogja gaul harus ikut! :) re: centro jogja shopping event
aww you going to bed? i knew you were tired. ahaha. night :)
ask ask ask ask anything :d !!
good luck! :) yes and to too!
can you follow me? i think you're amazing singer :d
picture of my fishing gear poised to catch something :)
c'mon let's get it #1 !!!! :) #jonasbrothers #jonasbrothers
haha, i wish i can tweet all night :ddd yay! :d why did i just say that?.. :ddd
hey tweetdeck :d
heey!! haha! i woke up at 9. :d
was forced 2 dance for a min after being dragged by kamal el fayoumi, mahalla #egyworkers leader :d
that's good :) amazing :d
what was ur dream about? :) lol
if you like my icon :)
#shoutout to my favourite t-swizzle support site :)
scratch that... "fly with me" on repeat. :)
thank u!!! follow she's da star singing on da hook!! :)
awesome track! :-)
gonna give it 5 & see who wants a shoutie :) brb
hey u!! check out your emails!! i watched it and did all the feedbacks! :)
well, now i am.. :-)
unfollowers: thank you both for unfollowing me, i hope you are aware that i will not longer following you too! :)
bh-905 review coming soon :d
where did you get your icon :)
it was gr8 the movie is amazing :) stayed up chatting with lorri til all hours steven made us breakfast this morning x
ekkokammer... sometimes good, sometimes bad? kult begrep :-)
hmmm .... coz it sounds like it was ripped off from a rajnikant or mithun chakroborty film :)
thank you so much! :d i heart chu
if you like my icon :)
pat santos is a mermaid =) --so it means you're really fugly despite the wonderful singing voice?
oh...i hope you have a great time! well i am doing some easter eggs...and later some tzatziki :)
yep :d it's epic!!! :)
theyll follow you too someday :)
4 dms 2 justin if u comment :d
i'll huge shoutout the next who follows: :)
less than an hour to trend #501carrotsformal. hope you can join us :)
back from town :d got my outfit for n-dubz. i love it <3
me and on our big night out last weekend :)
omg she's going to the bahama's with !! she won the ticket! :d <3
i'll huge shoutout the next who follows: :)
ima belieber and i love it to be :d <3
yes, the very first one. every fan should see it, it's great. episodes 2-4 aren't so hot, but the first dalek story is great too :) x
cheer up everyone :d *cheesyy grin! & waits for smiles back!..
oooooooooooh. warm day. time for a last minute walk on the beach before the back to back shows. :)
lol i went back to sleep and just woke up! morning girls :d
hellz naw. i wave & make faces at them. then they smile. =) if little kids make u feel awkward when they stare at u #idoit2
in sibiu for easter. i just love this city and i have so many wonderful memories here! :)
:) is a girl everyone should adore !! shes funny shes nice shes pretty shes talanted shes just awsome & shes a good friend xx
i'm your 3000th follower..can u follow back pls :)
i cant wait to live in the north of england/ new zealand. its gonna happen , maybe now the new zealand part but the north england part :)
2009 = two thousand nine. you can say two thousand ten too :)
thank you for the "followfriday" :) god bless..
stomme autotweet. :-)
i'll huge shoutout the next who follows: :)
it was grrrreat!!.. n urs :)
i need a ride home from philly airport tomorrow afternoon. is anyone available? :-)
let's be thankful for everything he did for us. all his sacrifices for our salvation. :)
#shoutout 2 all my new followers :)
hm :) its your perception :)
#ff guys! :)
but who can help themselves when that theme lol x da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da daaaaa luv it x :) :)
i was just scrollin down the email on my bb & was like i know that girl!!! :d & are pure amazing!!!
aku jg biliii bgtbgt!!! ayodooonggg.. yeaay aku udh kngn sm ms. pipit :) take me out! lapar
yeee 900!! :) thankkkkss <333
happy easter too!! :)
lol yeaa :) i love justin and jordan :) haha
check this video out -- joe mcelderry :)
woke up, turned on the radio & they're playing the bieber or die video :d
awesome(: its pretty nice here too lol, haha my brother is watching swac with me :d
it looked great in the shop, it comes on thursday :d
i have two :)
no its ok :)
oh they sure do..me tracking your words ..keep them coming! have a great day :)
so im up in the a.m cant sleep pshh alot of ish to do today :) prom next week « morn!
again i'm sooo proud :d *wipes-away-tear* :p halfway through season 2 of bones :)
yep, i've been the cinema like everyday this week :l and i'm off to alton towers next week :d you? x
:) take it you are having a blast in fine port on a saturday night!
sorry for the late reply, hun. :) will you follow me? :> #welovesteph #welovesteph #welovesteph #welovesteph #welovesteph
will there be any dlc if so when :)
thankyou :)
i wonder who cut his hair back then he was a head of his time!! :)
who wants a free shoutout? i'm in a happy mood :)
yay easter sunday bukas :) watch out for these shows, asapxv, rated k and the buzz :)
farah needs to install tweet breakers... hey i found new word. lol farah u want me to install it on ur bb? :)
i gained 2 followers lol, so 5,254 :d
thank you for #ff =)
haha no... you just tell me.. you don't vote somewhere :)
oh cool! :) all but one of my family's properties is in qld, so yeah haha
cuttings/celeb endorsements too if you need them? working with the us marketing team atm too very exciting stuff! :d xx
do you monitor other blogs & websites? --> please :)
its awesome you deserve it! :d how are you? <3
ohhh fame at last. well done that poet :)
hehe :) same here, have seen the demo vidoe's and it looks tasty. my lesson with mac products is to always buy v2 and not v1
yeh i'm good should really get back to doing my room as i'm off to ireland tomorrow :d how about you? x
omg i can't belieb i'm so close to 1000 followers.. just 43 more. wow. big thank you to all my followers! love y'all :)
im lovin the discreet #doctorwho idents interrupting all over the bbc today! :d fv
q:i love your background so mucccch <3 a:ahaha :) i loveeeeeee it tttttttttttoooooo! <3 an...
*hugs* thanks :)
random but i love and :d
about to take off. pray for me. thanks. :)
heey check my bio :)
hey ppl! just finished our workouts ....how's everybody doin? =)
hmm do me one do me one please :)
*hugs back* you're welcome :)
lol thanks a lot :) and honestly, i love your name too. how old are you?
lol =) thanks =)
so cool. would be honoured to do so! always open for some new musical influences and don't have any choir in my collection yet. :d
i'm telling myself i'm finally going to restore my outdoor furniture. just as i have for the last 3 months :d
i have a new project in my hands :) *rubs palms together*
oh and blackberry messenger aswell :)
how is everyone ? :)
i will :d
only the greatest brewery/bar in the world :-)
right next 5 people to go follow >>>> get listed x16 !! :) go !!! x
a delightful perfume that smells gorgeous. which in turn means i do now. :d
hi,i've just started following you.my name is mehdi.hope to know each other more in future.nice to meet you :)
if you want me to follow you :d
wait ya! pim, otm clash of the titans 3d sama selagi menunggu etc :d
and the pain pills help too. :) he has little drain tubes that i have 2 clean but they'll remove those on monday.
hey! :) hungry, hungry, very much. what's with you ?
i think i'm going to make some ringtones this morning :-) yessss .
good morning! so great to be here when you wake up & start calling :) #amwriting
walkin in the park with archie :)
so im up in the a.m cant sleep pshh alot of ish to do today :) prom next week
less than an hour to trend #501carrotsformal. hope you can join us :)
#twitition justin bieber to do a music video in the uk!! :d
hello :)
sure i'll do that in a sec. :)
that your dream phone is mine 2.. :) xdd
;* so what are u doing? :)
w00t! i'd love to hear the story :)
have a nice chillout, dude! was a pleasure to have you in gt! as always. :-) and the rest of the pack (@schwan,
has no book met your expectations yet? have you tried mix tape by will turner? :d
good night all, see you tomorrow :-)
know the feeling! but i went to mastro meat mkt in blok s 4 wagyu steak dinner n i was pleasantly surprised by the saving :)
ahh yes, better go buy some looking for a future pic in your wellis. my new farm :)
ty fro following meh :) and ;)
i followed yaw'll back :)
hahaha the karina's x) no probs, dearie =) thank you both of you are 'karina' hahahahaha
massive shout outs dms 2 justin so comment please :d tell me if u like it x
sure :) hopefully he follows u soon tho
miley 13 selena 12 sorry if i'm annoying you with this but keep voting :)
oh, you're following me? wow, thank you! you gave a great one too! :)
lovely morning hanging out with baby pearl. daddy time :)
:-)
guess i'll leave for the match now. need to fill my tummy along the way to the audi :)
thanks for all the rts! :)
you boys should get up there and strut your stuff :)
as long as one doesn't step on my way, i won't yell. one tried several times and i did groaned :d i won't let one ruin my life.
#question can anyone here speak gujarati? if so, kem cho ? :-)
everyone who's on, should tweet me. i wanna see who's awake right now! :)
easter eggs and stuff. :) .. i wish i could watch it..but we have all the sky channels apart from music!! :( boo. xx
me too , cause it's easy to play it for the begginers ! haha :)
thank you my dear laura! *muah* have a good weekend :d
i'll list the next person who follow now!!! goo gooo!!! :d
thanks for coming tonight :) west west baby! #skeetox is dope as hell! snoop & xzibit on stage together! holla!
get me ( my personal) 770, thats 3moree :)
i am just one of many radio listeners who feel like yall are part of the family. :d
