i've never had a problem remembering myself, but i'm going to remember that one. so many people i know get confused. :)
if you think should be verified :)
if #biebershout becomes a tt when im away someone screen shot it for me please .. haha :)
thank you hun =)
who want to talk! :d
i'd have plugged that gig for ya if you'd confirmed it one of the hundred times i asked! :)
ohhh ok!! i hope she signs something for you =)
i love my new pic :d
so where r u from? :)
back from thee function =)
umm it has some violence in it.. not as much as other "war' movies. it is more of a drama :)
#jonasbrothers are talented, cute, funny, sexy, sweet, clever, helpful, handsome, nice and they always make us smile! <3 :d
i enjoy the game of teasing a tweet out of a celeb :)
haha!! yeppers!! i'm ahead of the game:) tell u bout that later! lol..hey lemme know u when u visitng again! :)
bom dia, queridos followers! como vocês estão? :d | good morning dear followers! how are you? :d
ill dm justin caitlin n sean 40 times to follow/dm or notice u if follow :)
awwwww.... its okay :) another time... :)
quina por! :) rt: microsoft gets more involved with jquery #jquery
he did have a few good shows. :)
followed :) followed back?? x
us please :)
:) you are my only friend.
hey kelly. how you doing. not spoke to you in ages. i hope your enjoying the easter break. all ok here thanks :)
i'm good, i promise! so long as does not sneak up and poke me like she did in la. :d
lol i don't know what would make you want to do that! i'm still surprised anyone reads my crap to be honest :)
nog maar is :-) #vacature #onlinemedia regio manager: online accountmanagers field: pls
depends on what your perspective is :)
mmm was at my nanas too! helped her with easter egg decorating.we do the colouring of the eggs? and now watching footy. :)
if #biebershout becomes a tt when im away someone screen shot it for me please .. haha :)
i am a belieber. but.. i also like the jonas brothers. that's a good thing about me, huh ? :d
do not put off till tomorrow what you can possibly do the day after #fb (via << my maxim :)
thanks so much :) xxx
where there's a will there's a way :)
thanks for following back :)
ooo, i like :-) the new admin page (beta3)
#nowplaying c:\windows\media\onestop.mid :d
new icon :) love it! what do ya think? ^^
wee oh wee oh wee :)
one more(? :)
let's thank for her efforts for tonight's tt. and her firends too. tweet it to us! so we can recognize you :)
yes i would agree, spending an extra £40 or so in a good sale will make aaaall the difference :)
yes, it was, same channel. hopefully that means you're ok :)
thank you for the rt! :)
hey guys,just wondering if you know of an australian release date for why did i get married too? i wanna see it =)
it's his choice :)
good afternoon! :d
unless you consider coffee. :) there’s more to life than chocolate, but not right now
go back to bed pls :)
wee hiiiiii oh soooo hiiiiii cuz we fly hiiiiiiii =)
:) but the scotch is a good start night sparkles :))
beautiful pics of the people of jodhpur #letscolour please :)
one more follower and i have 1800! :d
have anyone tried sour patch ? :)
have fun then. i don't need any more distractions from what i'm suppose to be doing anyway :) glad your having fun
#ff for the terrific sports information.. and the very cool fashion by :)
and yet again, a really strange photo of on seems like she can't look mad :-)
:)) i <3 your updates btw hope you found a song to match ya video :)
ty ec, thats going in the compliment folder :) (its still our secret though! pretty lame!)
pls follow back ? =) ^^
want a outing bag, black white shoes, notebook (not laptop) & skinny jeans! :d
every1 should follow <<< follow if you love cody!! :)
saladddddd:d and i so hope that some family will come here later & then i go with dad to see new car to buy :) x
oh okay then :)
if u were ever on omegle and someone started the conversation with "what'sup? breadbin" that was me :)
put a strawberry on top...tonight was funn!!! «--- it was so much fun :d
awww lucky you :d
i'm looking for a good creative person to design a new logo for eclettica, something sexy, flamboyant, lush, opulent, you get the idea :)
have a wonderful day too :))) thanx for ur pics-updates. working for da king must be really great. ;)))) sending u good vibes :d
if you are watching dr who tonight :) bbc 1 at 6:20pm don't miss it :)
not that i can see! but if they have one in the boot of the car or anything i'll post him to you :)
hahaha this nigga high times :) /via
go0dnight =)
even i'm too smart to fall for that one. there's nothing but lumps between my place and cleveland. river will do me. :-)
hell yes i love it!!! rt: hahaha will love this :) (credit to tumblr) xd
great, count me in as long as after 8th june :)
good morning & happy easter! :)
yes, mentioned to me at #ecf10, saw it was linked to #rp10 so knew i had to go :-) + is in berlin too!
for edit a bg :d haha. omg i love phineas and feeeerrrb!!!! i love candace!!
aww, thanks :d
yep haha you? followed :) indonesian beliebers?
hahhah, :d <3 you're from germany with a swedish name, im from sweden with a kindaaa german name <3 lmao
cheers, will download layar today & give it a try (@dutchcowboy). i still do like the off line aspect of it :)
ooo. previous tenant was a mobile entertainment subscriber. interesting reading for a saturday :)
yes, i have yours =)
if u follow ur followers :)
you're welcome :)
good morning :) why do i feel more tired after a long sleep? -_-
hai,followed.folback ya :)
hey, whats up? :)
enjoyed watching clash of the titans :) worth your bucks and time!
lmao nah you good ms.justine fell asleep on me or is currently gettin spanked lmao goodnight guys :-)
everyone follow shes my famous friend :)
im fine just be sociable so thought i would say hi to you on this bootiful morning :-)
now im done :) i got u 10
i dont know okay. :) but ill see. ill let you know :)
just heard weather and they are saying it might rain in london today... lucky your not here then :)
is in a good mood. :)
#nowplaying "chasing pavements" by adele :)
winging it out to vail today for a week of skiing with my little guy. :)
oh i forgot you're a huttese :) blm rid..mau dong your mind trick won't work on me (cont)
