rt: if you wanna be listed more then 10 times but you have to follow me :d
and questions? ask me :)
re its double underscore : oops ! thanks :)
hey! when will 'number one girl' come out? :) ==in may! =)
sure :) thnx :)
might have been : ) will you be watching?
hey there ! selena fans ! go and add the best #gomez supporter ! --> she totally rocksss ! :) ♥
lol awwww thanks chris your soo funny :) << yw beautiful ;d xx
13 days until the last song is out in turkey! i'm soo stoked! :)
pls ! #mileyforever :d
finally stopped raining! :-) but its really cold today, (n)
no. i don't!haha going by city buses :d do you still remember it??
charging ipod, brb later :)
it was really easy. you should give it a go :)
so you have to use to sign up :) just copy and paste it into your address bar :d
i'll be in galveston competing in a triathalon in a few weeks. sat april 24 will you be around? :)
good morning! :-)  <--lol
no it's okayyy if i receive it even in the beggining of may! :) but its just better if i get it before the end of april!
this is part 1. tweet me if u want part 2 :)
u've been feeling that way for sometime i know :) i guess short-term we jst have to keep this in mind always :) 2 cor 10:5
3d walk on girls. i can see it now :-)
let's make it to the tt, everyone. and hope we can make it again to number one! #501carrotsformal :)
already followed :-)
happy birthday!! :d :d
hahaa yeah well be famous :) muhahaha i love us. lol <33 #mileyforever
go to sleep.wat u do that u grinnin lol * u know naomie or that was meant for me lol. if it is i'm not tellinggg :)
how did the soldering go?. ready for the full story :d
probably would have sprayed some air freshener as well. very unfortunate timing :)
watching this morning :)
hahaha :)
i'll be at the abq store at or before 9am. how's the line looking? would you like me to bring you a starbucks? :)
check us out for simple and stress-free invoicing! we're glad to help creative peeps like you :)
goin to a easter dinner. i'm bringing a vegetable. maybe we can ride go carts and 4 wheelers too. =)
im sick of my twitter bg. time to make a new 1 coz im ard like that :)
i use 2 get 100's of twitter followers, free! :) #imrs
lmao! :d
.@nichola_cole are mad with me :(can you tell them to make peace please ? :)
you're welcome! :)
#justinbieber is amazing star ever! he is our big star!!! we love him so much! :)
good morning twitter friends. :)
follow, .. no ceilings. <-- ur actually the biggest loser! ever! :) x
my body seems to have finally adjusted to "spring forward". :)
morning :) have a good day/morning/afternoon and evening :)
aha, i'm lazy today, xd lol. well, i gotta go have a shower, talk to you soon! :) xo
did you guys meet here? that's where i met mine. :)
thanks :-)
both and both! i worked today actually! learning heaps, its exhausting! i need to plateau! :) how are you?
haha my auntie used to call me that when i was little :d yaaayyy!! so glad you got it, can relax now :d enjoy, thanks so much! xx
if you want me to list you. : )
thanks :-)
lmaooo tell me bout it! lmaoo.. how r youuu?.. :) <3
when are you going to meet us for tweetup? everyone is doin it. :)
just remember my name "ismini" :)
you have an email! :)
please refollow me :) xxx
u r so kind...when can i pick it up :)
hehe..i did like some of their songs :-)
perdamaian antar umat :) gue prwakilan dr gooners mengucapkn terma kasih kembli =d thx for having me.
i tried to stay calm about it as my name wasn't attached to it, but it was definitely in reply to what i said *faints* :-)
i followed yo high ass back now list me. :d after you do that, hit me up and tell me some funny shyt. lol
im going to my personal now, follow & talk with me there :)
thank you, luki darling :)
i can see that. that city has a weird vibe... and not in the austin-weird way! good luck :)
follow >>> <<now!! :)
ty :-) have you got an ipad or ordered one terry? my brothers just got a macbook off ebay his already started making apps lol
well maybe it will come tuesday then! :) haha what is it? :)
ohhh ok lol :d thank you :)
game. i'm planning a trip here after our warrior outreach pampanga division w/ :)
i am in love with my outfit. and hopefully will be with my new room :d but mum needs to hurry up so we can go homebase.
i do try my hardest :) yeah you too.. i like making new changes to my little life, gets the smiles back when they are done :) xx
just come see me later cuz you love me :d xxx
haha :d that's sweet!
if i meet him i will 100% tell him that my username is sexmebieber :d
my ride :) kief hey?
i added u on the bbm :)
oh! she'll be like hayley williams! :d the only girl in a band of badly behaved guys. :} my new hero? i think so.. ;)
urgh imagine dj ryan dressed as jesus :o just wow. and a-m-y dressed as the easter bunny <3 ryan would make a good jesus :d
whoaaa universal studios so tiring and rainy-_- but it was fun fun fun fun!!! and now on my way paragon to have dinner sushi tei :d
hope you'll have fun getting wild in vegas! :)
> make a 'thank you'- movie to the heroes of the world including yourself :) best swedish creative viral campaign
i'd say awake but i'm goin back to sleep now :)
lol, should be a great game, i'm good too ty :)
:o well arnt you a cutie :d thank you :) x
so after a little reading it turns out that origins of no alcohol when on antibiotics was moral not chemical :) (n.b. some do react though.
no worries, its all sorted now :) hope u r having a fab weekend xx
yah man same here :d if we make dis trend we gonna be famour on twitter hahah :p #mileyforever <3 <3
fair to middling, linda... as ever! ;-) and you? :-) x
aaahhh ii love itt xd xd j'aimmeee mon jumeau :d <33333 okaaayy hunn, talk/text youu latterrr .:) :) :) loveeeyouuu!!!xxxxx
hahaaa go get somethig to eat then :d
:d the 50-50-90 rule: anytime u have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
i have to leave my happy place today and head home. it's been a great week. going home refocused and energized about my life. :)
deal :) i want all the wedding gifts x u can keep the cake :-)
if you want me to list you. : )
im a guy.. and i dont love jobros! but i think they are cool :) and i think nick sounds like a guy :/
refollow me please :)
don't be. it was a short hike. less than 2 hours to the top and back. down from 3 and a half last time we did it. :d
waah jd terharu..rt ngefans euy sama :d
#we heyyyyyyyyyyy :d i'm so happy today :d
new party invitation! :d spread the word! :d
#demilovato has the best voice live! :d ♥
