do we need a 4th roommate for #blogher ? i'd love to split it 4 ways! :d
why #pr pros love twitter much more than facebook i like this :)
hangin with the malibu, sigh... :)
cool, look forward 2 watching :) finally wrapped our web series. season one, coming soon!
i thought i was, but i wasn't. i am now :)
i saw that one! :d
and download vibes springbreak mix available at djvibeonline.com :) lol
i'm not supposed to be on the computer so bye :)
:)
your pretty darn welcome :)
aww, thank you. :)
( hugs ) u get my vote as fave new #beautyonmytimeline....i call all my twamily beauties, if they arent, they get blocked :)
already on it. :)
super badass :) great day 4 kitesurfers catching air off magnuson park. photo larry morritt
aww good hugs :-) hope u can get some much needed rest
you'll get all the time you can have in osaka. :)
cool!! :) sure! when i finish with someone else! :)
help reach 7,000 followers :d there close less then 70 away!
u2 mey, muahhhh :) good morning, have ɑ great weekend...@tommytrisdiarto
jogging w/ my parents and my nala at senayan.. i feel good :)
~ yes, l enjoyed very much! thank you for sharing with me.... =)
i had no clue lol but brave enough to admit it. i checked to see what it looked like :)
indefatigable tweeter is always worth a read. #ff #followfriday (chris, please note i saved the 25¢ word for you.) :)
i'm not clicking your tinyurl. :d
you are very new to macs, aren't you... :)
:d i like it.
no problem! and that you :)
i love niley. but i love miam too :) i love everyone. 'cept selena.
its ok, she askd me :-) lol come party w/ us! excuse me but did you ask to come on my side of town?lol
really love your work! :) art in progress. from private collection
ok... you don't make me smile, it just happens! :d
got my seven thousand back<3 :) *not on liveincolorsplash, on xoballetbabexx3 hahah xd
feeling like we're in a personal moment here. awwwww! ok butting out now. :)
4 more!! to 500 followers! :)
give me a shoutout please please. :)
#nowplaying naturally selena gomez :)
had to stop on our road trip for a shopping spree. bound to happen when your on a road trip with :)
alright, new #porn is up at ellinude.com! :) enjoy the heck out of the weekend!
so, only needs 100 more to 34,000. go follow him, guys!! :d
excited for town tonight! :)
what's up? :)
gonna start gettin ready so im off this might bbl!! :)
well yeah, that's the other option :) should be an interest nhl draft in la just for the trades. booked my hotel today !
yep! coming soon :) ^jm
i'm about to destroy ryan anderson's beat for this magic playoff anthem.<<can't wait to hear it :) i luv blue n white ignite!
deja only needs 13 more followers! :) wanna help? lol....what stories have u got today hahahaha
had to stop on our road trip for a shopping spree. bound to happen when your on a road trip with :)
i'd like that! :)
:) #peopleshould know that everything happens for a reason regardless what u do. #faith
#shoutout2dagirlz that know all the sexual positions for in the car :)
help reach 7,000 followers :d there close less then 70 away!
yes, glad to be back. and austin was productive!! oh, summer shandy? its a seasonal beer... :)
lol...yes i do! it was a cool trip...got some rest, some sun & a lil partying in. need 2 go back when it's quiet :-)
!! today is perfect :d
well u know i got a sweet tooth for miss marie =)
ship me one please :)
3,000,000 hits at ibigbang!! ^^ thanks a lot you lovely readers~ ^^ 감사합니다~! :d
reaad your dms ! :d your gonna be so pissed.
christina (@cwheeler76) thank you so much for the #ff! i really appreciate it! and right back at ya!!! have a great weekend :)
.@mikerigsby don't worry, i only pwn people who deserve to be pwned, and i only rage when stupidity/fud is spread. im pretty nice irl... :)
followed back :)
drnk as shit eatying mcdonalds. ytummmm =)
oh boy ^_^ yes please
just 1 more and were done! <3 :)
yeh..shoutout 2 them as well :d
awesome man! i've got all them too :d
thanks for shoutout! =) had a awesome day today!! xddd
thanx :) what's good??? how u doin??
goin to tha movies tonight!! :-)
lol. aww well i hope. <3 have i told you about the orlando my world 2.0 buyout? you should come :)
oops no context on a tweet that should have been a dm :)
amazing day at the zoo with record smashing attendance of 32,017! great weather+spring break+fascinating experiences = :)
no, easter is this sunday, april 4th. :) when is easter? <--- monday i think not too sure
i will definitely let you know when we begin booking :) happy early easter!
ha! you win :)
eu =)
attention everyone!!!... hip-hop is alive and well. #thatisall :)
glad to be of service :)
tonight's wine. very tasty :d
thanks for playing songs today :) keep 'em coming i'd say!
abis mandi ku dengar pitbull, membersihkan tempat tidurku :d morning bos bangun tidur ku terus (cont)
caps fans are the best!!! but i have to wonder? is it my potty mouth people don't like :) fuck em
q:si el infierno, iam serious papi =) a:lol u must really want dat text lol
well you can pass for 23...and you look good...so its a young 33 :-)
cheers :) i look forward to it.
i love that i still have date nights with my husband. :)
#nowplaying #massiveattack by :)
lol that is right you don't! :) not out on the town tonight partying? do u ever take pics of holland and post them here? :)
hey :) wanna be nickiminaj's wife?
fcuk that go nigga go!!!...rt hahahaha just in jet settin mode!! :-) #catchmeifyoucan !!!!
progress love, i'm proud of you :)
first #ff goes to must follow =)
everybody follow hes way tooo cooll :d
glad ur using it :)
oh baby i'm srry i got u tmro =) ok? if it were up to i'd be dead of starvation by now ; o_o smh.
the weather was craptastic the last week but its nice today :) hopefully that bastard wind doesn't return.
#shoutout2dagirlz with pussy that smell like $3 on pump 4 :)
yeah, i did this :) i know will love it!
a really good song is up in the stars by swimming with dolphins..no lie i think alot of you will like it :d
