:d how's u today? x
follow > follow > follow > follow > follow > :) 2
living w/in walking distance of an office that's across the street from a starbucks? priceless! :)
thank you! :) #ff
haha ur love just for :) that's gr8 :d
just woke up as well :) whatcha got planned for today? oh, do u want me to keep returning ur shouties, cause i will :d -tay
outstanding reference there mr moody! for a non-jim carrey film i'm both surprised and impressed lol :)
if you want a free ipod touch then listen to heart breakfast with me tuesday morning just after 7 :)
#nowplaying art of noise moments in love |one of my fav songs :-)
kulitan pa din :) credit to
mind following demi? i am such a huge fan! :)
follow me back? :)
thanks for the belated #ff! :)
maybe somebody who knows somebody you know will! :) i love the far reaching capabilites of social networking sites! :d
not going to lol. would rather just play football =)
no, thats really quite wrong :)
jb stands for the #jonasbrothers onlyyy.. :d
looking at my feet...i think it is spousal abuse if i don't get one. :)
well, day 2 of spring break. :) today will involve me doing a whole lot of nothing.
hiya : ) ! chillin'. listening 2 music, tweeting. reflecting (2 much prob lol). u?
#jedward easter tweeeet me :) i love you guyss
i don't think i've ever been so inundated with press agencies before! and we haven't even launched yet :)
follow > follow > follow > follow > follow > :) 1
not watching it in 3d now but in hd.. it is on the 3d channel. however have tried it before and it looks great :)
thank you! :) #ff
goodmornin & afternoon, ever1 :)
if u'r following me <3 :)
noo miss i do not drink :)
bom dia, twitters! :)
wordpress 3.0 beta 1 released. i'm really looking forward to 3.0 final :)
good morning y'all! :)
=) i love you and your family. so glad you are our family! ;) love u & thanks for ur prayers!
yo yo yo marv! how u? hell yeah i've got loaaads of eggs nomnom :) wot bwt u? oh yh plz dm xd xx
hey dina :) what's up? #indonesianeedsdemi
heh, jedict gave two kanji for "ume", and i chose the wrong one. :)
not amazing but alright :)
pinoy s♥nes!!! universal records will release #snsd "run devil run" album ... who are excited for this? ^_^
ok now we're leaving! i'll talk to you later! :) bye bye!
hmmm 180 too go!! everyone follow :d xx
thank you sweetheart :)
awsome :) okay haha thankyouu #indonesianeedsdemi & #mileyforever
both are fun races but doing the big hill at the end twice is not fun :)
haha knew it :p the last song :) we sort of just had a mini argument :o but it's all good :)
hey hey hey :d #jedwardeaster
hi. that sounds good :) really looking forward to it!
happy birthday wish u all the best :d
i'm learning that. for the past two months it's been after the next project. there will always be projects :)
i'm good. :) there's nothing to do haha.
watching doctor who : the curse of fatal death (part one) by steven moffat. :)
yes, i did. sorry if cut you in line! :)

come say hi!
haha <3 i'm just talking to you <3 what are you doing? :)
sounds about right!! that's what happens when you hang out with the uptown boys!! the party never stops!! :)
haha! that's awesome. can't wait to hear what you think of the ipad. seriously debating getting one to replace my netbook. :)
good morning! :)
at a birthday party for my nephew. cupcakes turned out perfectly :)
early next week :)
rofl, ur story is hilarious! ;) mh, perv much? :l justin should so read it :d follow backk?
my brother messaged my sister just now "manu lawan chelshit masani" :d hahaha
mu will win! ;) :)) chelsea vs mu owh pleaseeeeee...the blues must win!!! :)
:) why would apple co-founder need to stand in line? i talked w/ woz earlier and he says "cause the line is fun."
my area isn't so nice either, as you can imagine. here's hoping that both you and i can move to nicer areas soon! :)
hi thomas! thanks so much for the #ff mention! your constant support means so much! you are a true friend. :)
oh and don't worry about not tweeting much. we know you're busy! was just slightly worried lol. happy easter btw :)
thx for all the tweets, rts & mentions :)
whoohoo! see you tonight! please tweet back tan man :) xo panda
hahaha...i was joking =) just like u did when u first met me =)
i just took "what would you do if you saw justin bieber talking to your ex wh is now your b..." and got: :d <3! try it:
19 more till goal! so close! shoutie for shoutie! we'll return x5! & we're helping someone get their goal at 700-mayb it'll be u :d -taylor
cuih hahaha because i'm an extra-ordinary girl :d buahahhahaa
hehe "mamasouth". what a cute name :)
good morning stephen. :)
come to malaysia!!!! i beeeegggggg yooouuuuu!! :) will roll the red carpet if you visit malaysia! :)
yum!! that looks and sounds delish!!! :) can you send some over to me?! :)
just yell out hoochy mama! :)
i so can't wait!!!! remember me was amazing. didn't know it was guna b so deep and dramatic....loved it!! :) cya 2mro babe xx
my cp party is in 6 hours rocky road snow forts :)
#jonasbrothers are 4th on the tt's! :) they should really be 1st ;) yes? yes.
glad you're having a good time. :)
happy easter ! --- i am dreaming of winning an ipad from #dreamhost :)
trade secret :)
you is welcome :) how are you?
i'm done but let's get started then :)
did u block n remove me too... estimate of how / u r on ignore right now. keep working. u'll get there. :)
thanks dude :) how's your flesh eating disease? hahaha
that is cool, it will be in april? hope that will in may :d
follow , wow maknae has a twitter too, seulong is the one who havent yet :)
oh you bought one of those kits? fun :d think of all the money they're gonna bring in hehe
:d in the easth in germany
here's a random story for ya: :-)
q:ask back ya :) hehe a:sipsip
see i told you he'd be back to legos in no time. i'm always right as i said :) i had both kids in my bed last night lol
hahaha :) iyi .... yemissin
yes! i found my necklace :d
just met one of the candidates to be labour candidate (and our new mp), she was brilliant, i think she may just have my vote! :d
follow me thanks :)
sweet! i'm from england too! :)
what a great and positive day!!! hope everyone else is having the same! :)
i like the first one better, it reminds me of a shot in e.t. :)
tired but very happy :) credit to
.... want a lloyd tweet?! too get that follow pleaasee!! :d xxx
