shoutout 4 shoutout? :) <3
maybe it will come monday then! :)
sounds like a perfect shoot to do in a cave somewhere :)
hiya don't worry about the ebay fees consider it my donation glad u got text ok :) x
yea tell em uu from iraq n uu got bombs #nshyt lol : )
happy easter to you! i hope you have a fantastic weekend, too :d
yah .!!! :d #mileyforever <3 <3 :d hey i have an idea how about we try to make this topic trend ?
helloo there :) x
you're welcome! :)
follow me please? :)
if you want me to ask kellie pickler to follow you :)
everyone go follow << now i mean it, she only needs 4 more until her goal and she follows back :) x
i think someone at the loveheart factory has a crush on you i found a loveheart that says 'mermaid eloise' :d
:) i agree, but as someone thats recovering from a nervous breakdown i have to work within certain limitations. i havent been
i dont hate justin. i just like pissing his fans off. they think he is god. and they are so obnoxious. it makes my day. ha :)
thanks for the follow back =)
add these cool dolls ! --> :) ♥
:d (bows down gracefully)
haha ...its like that in europe. :)
yea tell em from iraq n uu got bombs #nshyt lol : )
true but fingers crossed... :)
hey, can you please refollow us? :)
pls follow back :) wie gehts ?
blondyy!!!! :d what am i doing watching discovery channel?? no wonder i'm smart.. :3 *notttt!!
stickerssss? long time no see. howz your life? =)
interesting watching the situation develop :)
lmao did you see jordy's tweet to me :-\ and a computing past paper :d ;d lmaaaaaaao mr elder wanted me to give u it :l
google chrome all the way! :d
slinky in 3d at chasers is open! daniel koch on now! next up feat em :)
now, goodnight fellow followers. i love you. psh. :)
i won't be unfollowing, the cruder the better, that is precisely why i am following :-)
<<< check that out guys :) !!!x
aah...beautiful piece by stephen fry on the ipad in the time cover story. titled "on the mothership' :-)
ahh, the nesting instinct. see, the parallels continue. :)
»-(¯`v´¯)-» #grateful to people who make me happy :-) thanks friends
hahaha. had fun at #klpillowfight with eely, pochi, jia n james. :)
ahh aiite.. yh i will when im done widdit heheh :)
basecamp kami? twitter :)
can't wait to watch another movie tomorrow and cant wait to buy a new book :)
thaaanks :) i made it ! proud :) aha <3
thank you for caring..@burninghawk1969 ..i won't electrocute myself ..lol :)
are we all just sitting around the house twittering? i can offer some special k for breakfast :)
ada hehee add ya keisha.kecap@hot hehe thanks :)
poll: the dot com is taken for my name…am i screwed? please help me here! :-)
aww :d ! is amazing, isn't she?<< of course she comes from bmore
hey tweets!!!
what's up? :)
tell me your stories... :d
i'm alright, thanks :) just wondering when will reappear to us on the twitter world! x
:) (via up 4 a ring so big that when u wear it u'll get backache lol cd take a few years as i work in kfc!
bon appetite. :)
everyone go & follow; if u are a true fan :)
very true :) rt: "time is more value than money. you can get more money, but you cannot get more time." jim rohn
please follow my personal account : )
buddhism is construction work for the mind. and i think that is so true. :) if i can help, let me know.
wow, it's early and you are already up =)
uhmm :) are u the one whos spamming?
fabulouseangel hi ! will you join you at a project for kim ? : ) please !
yeah :) x
not just you! :)
5 simple, yet effective online to-do apps to get stuff done --via (i'll need some of these) :)
anyonee wanna shoutout >?!?!?!?! happy to help :d
hot, hot , hot!! just released !! don't miss it :)
refollow me pls :)
that's the new volvo s60 :)
hellooo i got you trending last night with #grimesmemories i started it off can i have a tweet? :) xx
#ff for good friday because they're jolly lovely peeps: & :d
aww thats not a good feeling to have :( *hug* i hope nicola is happy with her 2 pugs now though :) haha
love this letter :) part of the paddington bear exhibition at #rdg
tonightt :)
hey jordie.. i wonder if u remember this pic :) its been 122 days since i posted it
erm i have nothing planned really lol , i just go with the flow of things :l , oh but i am going bowling wednesday :) x
hey come get ur cup cakes :)
i know i'm bad... (?) no i'm not a bad girl :d
eheeeemmm. led led pin lo berapa? mau ngomong. dm dong :d
ok u shall witness it :d
cravings need to be satisfied! haha how abt some ice cream & milkshake? :)
:)
1 more follower til 1000! :)
feels mighty rough and sore!!! was a good night though :)
if you want me to follow you and u should follow me first :)
im good :) what you doingg?
c'mon chelsea and man u, let's settle for a draw k! :)
yes i have! :d have you?
i love it all. it's utterly fantastic. even though it's lame and cheesy here and there, it's /brilliant/. :)
uh...nomally it would have bitten before you can cuddle it like that. :)
anybody else who wants me to refollow 'em? :)
word for friend app for ipad should be awesome too larger board :)
layn down wyd =)
2nd n 4th sat r holidays.. :)
ohhh bonnei nd frank will hav luvly tyme in thems new homes in norwey :)
i'm gonna tweet everyone back later when i can. should i do my random tweets again tonight?! :)
good morning world another blessed wonderful day ^_^
random fact : i am so hungry ! :)
ohhh, are you going to watch it? and what does it say? :)
dog the bounty hunter that be me tomorrow looking for bounty choclit :-)
thank u evry1 4 ur prayers nd wishes, dr. results had great news nd i am doing well. more tests soon :) #alwayskeepthefaith
sipp thanks yaa :d oke :))
having a brilliant day today :) how's everybodys saturday going? :)
i vouch for that! :d waste: 14% of textbooks purchased by college students are never opened
lol o good! i don't feel so bad now :) wot u 2 up 2 2day? nice and sunny here!
i go london college of fashion. and im from north near edmonton init lol. not exposing my self on twitter :)
