follow back? :)
good luck with that lol ... jokin :)
yees and its amazing :d σ 'αγαπώ <3 xd
if you are a belieber :)
btw, i love words that change their meaning with the addition or subtraction of one letter .. luxurious / uxurious is my fave :)
youtube jo choor .. parh :d
haii i need 5 more followers so i got 130 pleease help me =)
how's everyone today? :)
no problem, im always here to help you :) xo
if you are a belieber :)
i'll listen to it later. :)
so surprised to see my #cv project on main gallery! yay! :) #design #typography... #typography
i have been inspired by :d
thanks! :)
calling all tweeters! as you see, i think i need more followers, pretty please with cherry on top follow me :)
we're gonna have a lazy dvd day today, which im sure will help :) i'm sure i'll be right as rain in no time!
follow :) because he's 'supafly' and you all have a 'crush' on him:`) ahaa
hello 4am-ers! how are you today? have you got your batteries charged? not long to go now! :)
i'll send you a convo about the advice thing. how are you today though? :)
sweden.. :) have you ever been here haha? ´<3
i see you are coming up to seattle this week. i will be there :)
cant wait for tomorrows #f1! but first it's man u v chelsea! the boat race! and haye vs ruiz! … what a day! :)
followed.follow me if u havent :)
little red ridinq hood, goldilocks, little bo peep & snow white are all hookers & egotistical tricks.. :)
got u it :)
i am looking at the twitter web after a long time today... and it has changed a lot!! :)
ok i'll take a look, thanks :)
ppl should go follow my sister :)
youre welocome :)
hi thanx for the follow...im following..... :)
u are awesome coz ur a guy fan :d
i watched alice in the wonderland this morning. that was so cute and funny! :) x
me & sophy run this fansite; you should follow our personals & :) <3
i had to ask twice lool but he eventually does :d
dunno about here in australia, but in the uk some toasters have metal shelves on top to warm things up! ^_^
wilf salutes the queen's speech on telly. :) #doctorwho #endoftime
:d yaaaaay. like ring me today tomorrow when ever. btw im at my nana's house ;)
thanks for the follow. sorry i had to stick you in my work category.. there was no other lists to put you in :)
lets build our future together you and me lets our dreams come through :-) the sky is no limit
you 1st folme and i'll back folyou :d #fs
np :)
so i hear someone has done a trance remix of the owl city song :d
awsome :) i'm good thankyouu <3
hamdullah! and yes, well done on your blog. it looks much better now! :-)
good morning indeed :) sun's almost shining, family's running around doing doing doing & i'm writing a storytelling article.
yeah i have msn :)
#happybirthdayparisjackson! i wish u the best b'day all the world! :) xoxo
do it :d i will follow you of course <33
soooo what's everyone up to today? :)
haha thank you :)
we need more teachers like u :-) they need to hush. we do this anyway at school not a prob in my eyes #studentvoice
frankly speaking i don't know. music is a very personal thing. :)
we'll ask :)
may the force be with you :) xxx
so my niece wants to use ms paint :d
yep. they're back and i was planning on buying those :d
we're best friends, if zombies chase us i'm tripping you. [but] if the cullens chase us you can trip me if you like :)
julian hase wie geht es dir? :d
dm me our shared acc's password when it's created :) g2g now. bye <3
i should be sleep. . .bt . . i'm not :)
i'm so happy! i love getting dms off milla :)
a belated thanks for the #ff :)
#jonasbrothers are better than bieber #omgthatssotrue :)
yep :d vampires get sparkle rash :d
#weloveyoudemi #welovebigrob #friendsforchange :) trend them!!
hah funny because it's true! :)
ahahahaha! oh dear. didnt get to say a proper hi! it was a great workshop wasnt it? :)
thanks :)
morning everyone :d
hueeeeee(?) :d horaaaaay (?) :dd huraaaaaayy :dd i'm back !!
yeah! :) no worries! do they have twitter?
59 ppl rted my last tweet "( if your a real jonas fan so i can follow you :) " twitter shows only 15 ppl if u rted tell me so i can pick!
we want uk tour dates already! :)
hahaa oow yeah i often hear that but i think her voice is special but good :) uhhm okay what u wanna have in?
still morning here :)
whr is everybody?? :)
niceee guys, mine is that should bee me :) <3
lmaoooo :) okay i am done with the pickup lines
ty :)
lmfao, see. look what my twitter concert did :)
ahm hi can we talk heheh :)
umm quick q. : ) how much is that chocolate city thing in the o2 tonight?
heyy! i totally dig your profile pic!! :d
hey nor did i , even though im not a luddite. :)
hey, are you gonna be helping cassie on this account while she's gone? :)
damon: "so, i was bitten by catherine here..." stefan: "and i was bitten here..." :d
hahahahaha well.. it's a different kind of love.. is my sister.. haha but you're probably right! :)
thank youu :d but...i never met the :s i just saw them at a concert in paris ^^
<< talk with her !! on greek haha :d <333 xdd
i deleted most of my favourites. ive now got 89. on the first page, there's 5 from you. that's only the first page! ily :)
just watched the meet & greet video! "omg i wanna see how big" lol! great vid! :)
follow get him to 6000 followers :)
belieber follow me :)
hmmm i actually kind of liked it :) sure it's sex and drugs and drinking and all that but it's edgy and kind of realistic of 21 year olds.
i think u all should get 10,000 :d cuz hes amazing :) follow him! ^^
:) suddenly met here. hv a good day..!
kk :)
thanks for your rts! =)
hello there! and yes i do :)
cute as for a sat night work for me,i just hope they put something decent on to replace it,the bill is over,not sad all :)
i been waging war. but i'm fine. :)
great interview!! :) the web show – special
come on guys 2 more followers then give massive shouts outs 2 ever helps me for while :d x
sureee :) lol now why r u still up?
lol superstar, haha. im great thanks. how you doing :)
8hrs =) that's how long you got to work??
no problem!! =)
no fucking way. happy birthday!!! where we celebrating tonight, or is it real-friends only? :)
lol, hahaha just checkin. :-)
i have a romance comedy update again later! winner!=) abangan my loves. transcriptions lang for now. =)
i want to hear stories later...be safe ma! see you when you get back sometime next week. =)
karena aku hanya hobi menjawab2 semua tweet saja :* atau mungkin aku rt-fetish, huh? :d
but it's a good start. :-)
hayyy. finally going to bed. :) ohhh...
and why is that?!??!!?!?? #jonasbrothers we love :)
yeah :)
:)
hahaha aww lol we'll go see jedward together :d <3
pleasure :) we need to change our bg, coz its still got on it x
#jonasbrothers are gay :)
omgggggg r u serious?!?!?! omfg finally yes! :) cant wait. indo! don't have details yet but were set to
np hun :)
going to sleep. if #omgthatssotrue makes it to the number one spot print screen it for meeeeee :d
follow ----> :d
famous last words: "i am shutting down the free ipod touch 3g for every stompermobile student" :)
thanks bro! :) pure fridays is at capacity and there still a 400+ ppl line outside! performance was epic! /via
ohhh i know u likin that! :) so what u be doin on the weekends? just chillin?
flying to paris with :)
liking the new avatar :-)
ikut yo you guys ke grand indonesia on monday barengan :d lunch aja gitu at like 11 and yea.
yeaaaah! <33 i'm in a goooood moood! :)
thanks!! :)
hey guys. lets tinychat :)
one of my favourite song _do~re~mi~ from one of my favourite movie "the sound of music"... :d ♫
omg!! i made baked chicken and ceasar salad!! lmao one less lonely girl!! hahahah!! ur dummmmb...i'm good! :)
9000 closes in! new video soon!! :) #spankthat
just going to the reception anyway, it'll be home>taxi>train>taxi>venue>taxi>train>taxi>pub>taxi>home :)
you playing double 6 in bali? love that place :)
do you use social media to get feedback from your customers? >> may as well take initiative or be overtaken eh? :-)
to reading fc's stadium today for a haiti fundraising event with :)
are u still here?! i need ur help so muuch :d haha
happy birthday! :)
actually thinking bout taking some 80's soul a'la kashif, paul lawrence, lilo thomas...real vinyl!! :)
lol okay :) -- but ttyl tho, i'm getting to sleep now -- surfs up in a few hours ^^
good morning to you! :)
omg! what happened to my i tunes?!? check it out! its soooo cool!!! :)
you need to get on! belieber is trending :d
twitter make belieber and justin bieber go up to the top of tt :) haha
thks 4connecting :)
good morning! just the usual easter staff- cooking today, friends tomorrow! :) and you?
drew and i love you :) ♥
thank you for mileycyrus.com :)
i'm primarily there for business, staying with friends. :-) so many potential stress that could trigger me unintentionally. :p
honestly, i can care less. :) actually scratch that, idgaf, at all.
i like him! yayy this is a good start for me :)
called me drunk thats kinda wierd lol :d i will call you later to discuss business when u can focus haha :d
listening to songs from shes my greatest inspiration :) <3
< yesterday, i put on my tennis and walked to movie theatre thinking that would tire me out so i wouldn't wake up at 3am again :-) wrong...
great, then i'll read it :d
oooh, cool :) rofl, you are one funny person ;)
hey jordan. hows yer day? :)
hehe, peculiar little #drwho insert there. :d #adamandjoe #6music
:d do u a a skype ?
scotch eh....? brilliant idea....!! :-)
ty & your awesome! happy #ff :)
if i had a teleportation device, i would use my one coin on you today ^_^. we should all take a roadtrip up to thorpe! :d
off to church now.. :)
can't wait! :-)
hey, if you follow i'll follow you back :)
lol- they do! ok, really going.. talk from wa. :)
you never get sick of talking about #jonasbrothers .. #itsajonassthing :)
belieber is tt ;) we're the best :d we love you <3
color it then email to me pls got my copy of book! should i color the cover or read it first? :)
hmm..need to get ready to go to charing horse races :) hope i win some money :d and i think im going to see my uncles horse :d
fantastic :-) magic skill work here :-) love it :d
hey :)
follow back(? please :)
well done! that's what we were already calling it ... glad it's official :)
just kidding :d
yes i am :)
i can't wait for wednesday. i seriously cannot wait! :d
i'm greatt :) how's youuu ? <3
*waves* my grandad and hubby are scottish so can i be scottish by proxy? :d
i wanna have justin bieber in it :d haha yah she has but i think she is talented in doing acting :)
i looked at it yesterday, night. and i just asked my brother after that if i could sleep by him. i totally did it :d so scary :d
if you are a belieber :)
awesome! i love your baked goods :)
looking forward to the return of mister man :-d <--- ooh la la (",) :-)
thank you again :d
thank you kalash :)
let's start! :)
heyy you =)
btw.. i forgot to tell.. i crossed 100km\hr last week. :) wagonr is a bit unstable at that speed..
belieber is tt ;) we're the best :d we love you <3
i finally saw my mom! yesss :)
who in los angeles [men only]i need that =)
: ) my #followfriday picks r simple 2day: three great (cont)
lol that was dope :d haha
i'ma guess you're on the train and bored haha trains are amazing! in the last 7days i've spent...15hours on trains :d
