yeah, thats the one ... :)
ok then i shall. good advice :)
if you want be to chat with you :d hahahahaha lol
happy easter to you, too! :)
the most detailed and realistic ww1 simulation ever; capturing every nuance of a dog flying a biplane in 1917 :)
lol so many good phrases :) how are you today? x
síiii :) me lo he ganado :)
tell us how it goes!! be handy to know :)
lunchtime sounds fine :)
adjust yer buttons...the radio kind and tune into on you will love it! :) go on...you know you want too!
:llll thats just obsessive. :) xx
follow bk? :)
everyonee follow and :)
rt: if you want me to follow you! :)
sameee. my hands are like icebergs. freeezing :d what are you doing you crazy chick :d
lol. =)
welcome back :)
thx dear :) with that tiny space,u've been doing terrific jobs mbak. wonder if u allocate wider space.what it wud be yaa..
liz is online! :)
i definitely did!! :)
hehehe! so you bit that too! :) 4-0
haha :) when i'm coming to hawaii one day we should meet and eat a lot of caaandyys . haha :d
noo, i'll celebrate w/ my friends after the holidays :)
your welcomee :d
i might go plug my phone in then i will get the recording of lady sov on it :)
it's definitely getting me in the mood for the tournament, let's put it that way. :)
i'm a level 5 douche. how big a douche are you? (i have no clue what that means :) )
me... teyana where did you get the lakers jumper from? lol im from australia so it only be 9pm here... xo=) :)
otm clash of the titans :d
do you want to put a message in the book we are making for hayley? :)
if you want me to follow you =)
daily tweet! :)
if i dont tweet anymore it means im over my limit. if u wanna talk > tweet me at :) i go there when im ova my limit.
the tv show was wrong. your kitchen rules. now, where do you live :)
27 days until the last song is out in the uk and ireland :d
hey :) yay :) how u feeling? did u find a doctor?
:d
ur new bg is cute love :-)
bwahahahaha seems like u didn't get enough of wateva u got over this few days :d
hi jordan. do you like singing i'm yours? i love that so much :)
hey.. tx for the 25 "so damn muchs" :) yg follow pd ngomel yah? :p
i have plenty, that one was from december. :-)
<< go follow her and tell me, and i'll give you 5 huge solo shoutouts! go go go ! :)
nothing! yehe tu keh raha ho tension kia hai height mai :) jo bhe ho khush raho :d
bon we de pâques :)
lol ur not weird ur just cool *bb cool face*« :d
:d
thanksss :d
new record label. can actually sell eps online now. check me and my friends out. we will hook it up =)
thank you :)
ah... those innocent days. :)
excellent, any plans for easter? :) xxx
cat woke me up. pita cat. last 2 days i ran all over mon cty. today, i stay home and enjoy :)
oh yeah!" heyyyyyyyyyy :d
hey thanx dear..ur team has my support today :)
yayyyy :) we are taking oveeeeeer!! haha just kidding!
aww thanks :) i love you too <3
love it :)
1 more follower? i follow back :)
i'll get some in honor of you lol :)
sure :d just be on there :d
good n yu :p hey ! i always talk some nonsense ... hope u dont mind :) anyways ... how r u doing ?
so excited for you :) ! ! ! :d saw an awesome doc on shooting underwater. also a dream of mine ! can't wait to see.
aw youre the sweetest :d thank you!
ely think about it! :)
woop! gained nine followers over night!! (; p.s remember to tweet me to follow you back :d x
hey dannii, hows your day been? :) xo
thankyou :d i will list ya back ;)
and on that note, i'm off, like a bad cheese :) bed time y'all
how did you get the cute doggy through the letter slot? :-)
followed :-) follow back?.
ar conference site relaunched since thu evening :) get #augmented ! earlybird #arbconeu #ar
she has your lips..... :)
yeap =) now try to find a co-owner. that goes on when ur sleeping :)so ur account is active 24/7 :) get it ?
yo its ur gurl tika on the twitter!
make sure u catch us supporting ndubz in april!!! woooo :)
of course! :d and can you see? i just wrote that chad michael murray is sexy :d mwahah! :d x
thanks for following :)
it's :) jane has spoken!
got to take delivery of the giant easter bunny & chick costumes so i can scare the kids tomorrow :) enjoy your day xx
u gotta run fast : ) just like pt ushaa to keep up with dp race! lol
good morning pretty girl!! today is your day!! have a super fun day! xoxo i'm looking forward to your ping's :d
your linkage is top knotch sir, well done :d
ok, no swearing! :d our first lady is on twitter. &pleased 2welcome 2d twitterverse. krudd
after the red carpet :)
awww thats really sweet of u to say! are u drunk?? haha ur really cute too, but im sure u know that already :)
i see you modeling on that ...glow site.. its good :) .... ima inbox you my num so we can proceed the shoot
and are really cute :) love it's that ! i love it <3
jonas ftw! c'monn vote. justin bieber or jonas brothers? :)
if you want more followers :)
lol! apple did it again! =)
ah yes, that will help! :) thank you! ooh, yes, drinking water now!
aaawwww! thanks!! :d << f0ll0w n0w guys!!
akkkaaa me is hungry i want that rice now :d
there is commercial use of open source code, but there is no "commercial open source" :)
you're welcome! i've been having problems with my sleep this week..i hope to fix it soon. good night :)
peace, patience, and compassion. :)
there's a competition that you can walk down the red carpet with miley at the premier, you should enter! :)
i ' l i e. is the best song ever. :)
shoutout to a huge belieber :d >
adelayoadedayo: but there gooood! start a book :-) <-- i concur. nuff said bro. you've already got a fanbase.
