i like it too :) looks like a multilayered cityscape to my eyes :)
emory has been home for 12 hours now....kinda feels like the last 2 days were a dream, and she's just always been here! :-)
awww thankyou cutie! your beautiful :)
be with who makes you smile
laugh as long as you can breathe!
live life to the fullest. always. :)
if you actually love the part when justin is doing the baby rap :)
hey! i'm good, thanks a lot <3 you? :)
my party is better then yours, bcus we got snoopdogg & x-zibit live on stage!! #imjustsaying :)
mhm i don't know :d
oh right. that makes sense. :)
if you're 12, 13, 14, 15, 16. :)
hahaha yeah same here :) haha uuhhmm its the way i loved you & i dont miss you at all :d and urs?
we beliebe, you are a belieber i am a belieber.. we are a tt :)
follow back yaaa :)
lmaoo! you cant sit next to me during a test. lol :)
my birthday is a week today :)
buka yg di acara tv itu... haha iyya.. kok tau? :) ini sonia eryka yang di youtube bukan ? :d
.. mediocre, but, it tim burton's so a must see for me :)
bring cab money just in case! good luck!!! :)
thank you =) you are so kind!
if always in our heart :)
okay poi dammi il link :d
i've forgotten how much i love working at :)
and enjoying the stay at home :) woke up early at 8 to enjoy the vacation and now playing bc2
hey, really nice to see your speech yesterday, i send you a mail regarding my offer :)
oo & i4qot 2mention .. wish she was runninq down my tl 2 .. lols :)
yay were mommy & daddy =)
thanks so much!!! :)
awwwww reallly babes :)
took lotsa photos of the shops nearby. hmmmmm. :) food post.
smh! well i'm sure you're sleeping now. so enjoy it :-)
happy easter to everyone! ^_^
who haven't you slept? not nighttime yet? atleast you're feeling better ^_^
yeah, on the phone he said he was just having a rough day! :( im sure if everyone tweets him to be happy, he'll be fine! :d
going to texas? one for :) #tuttle2texas
in palm springs! girls girls :) pretty mess crew at dinah shore for erika jaynes performance tomorrow! so excited :)
thaat you love me ? :) pahahaha kidding
hahaha :d cool huh?
check out the view! what a way to start the day :-)
i'm good, u? i'm doing great :) haha, yes! :)
if you actually love the part when justin is doing the baby rap :)
makanan berat yu, jangan tic tac dong ah :) aku tau. pilus/tic tac. itu enak loh! promosirt
i'm here :d <333 & where are you hun ??
we beliebe, you are a belieber i am a belieber.. we are a tt :)
ensoi....ur books are being claimed here :)
had burritos and quesadillas for the first time in a longgg time!! so good.. :)
wooot! :d your on holidays yeah?
haha thx :d but that's not his real isn't it?? <3
thank you :) how r u?
if always in our heart :) (via
thanks for the follow friday :) x >> you're welcome! how's things?
ur dad gave us a tip off saying you do some awesome work with disabled kids. that's worthy of some love :)
psh, gonna delete my twitter account :) byeee
i will be tweeting through :) make sure to follow ;d <3
if u want make me happy tweet me please !!!!! =) im ur biggest fan in france!!
no, that never happens by text. only in person :)
oh yeah belieber is trending! :d
#peopleshould get over the past, what happened, happened for a reason, okay? :)
:) well it was nicee havinn youu as an almost #twittercrush haha
watching super sweet sixteen uk the girl on now lives near meee :d
where's the love my fellow african americans ! -- n0 l0ve f0r h0es. lma0 jk . :)
:-) (even this lenovo x200 i type this is cheaply built :-(
i love the word 'shawty' hahah it sounds so cute when justin says it :)
wow how fast did he grow!! very cute! little sparkle in his eye!! :)
lol! shud we do numbers ran out of languages,lol...start anoda :d
awwh, hopefully it will shine where you are soon. :) & good :d wuu2? xx
woooohooo!! the baseballs starts this monday! hope the rockies can kick some tushy early in the season this year :d
thank you for your all rt, annie :) xxx
awwww that's cute remember me so i can say happy birthday lool :d
if you actually love the part when justin is doing the baby rap :)
hi cuzin =)
and you're super cute haha :d what are you doing today?
do i what? :) & nope! x
dia mo boarding... kalo sdh cek,konfirm ke aku n ..ditunggu :)
omg, is onlinee..i love her :) she rocks my socks. hey lydz!
wohi toh problem hai.. dp change kar karke main bhikhaari ban chukaa hoon! : )
oh amin amin kecetak plis plis :)
please vote me by clicking like in my facebook photo :)
do you know what today is? yep. it's the final 4! woohoo! go butler and wvu! aka... anyone but duke! lol and 2 yrs until final 4 in nola! :)
i made baked chicken and ceasar salad!! i'm on that healthy tip!! lol :)
:@iheartmrbieber hey if you follow i'll follow you back :) --no.
off to work for ipad launch!!! :d
lady gaga should totally have a tv series... a comedy series. :d
ah, le dernier album de dark tranquillity, we are the void, est vraiment excellent :)
for what purpose ??? ... reading alone only imparts some knowledge.. you need to do to understand fully :)
thanks!!! :) #ff
yea always :)
i think you'd like this video of joe mcelderry! check it out and rt! chloe p :)
it looks funny and cute and exceptionally surreal i loves the surrealism :-)
:)
thanks darling..kisses4you :-)
ur tummy mad tight .. wat do u do?<i eat pizza,burgers,fries,chips,candy & drink pop & dnt exercise thts my secret =)
up early ...almost ready to go & its not even light out...... :)
can you please dm me selenas hotel? :)
la golden shower te manque petit coquinou... :)
i'm going ouut with my familyy. tweet later!! : )
ohh fair dos, does she know about the £20 you aint put back yet? lol, and cool cool :)
thats how i feel when i think of u... :)
i have a forum on my blog at anyone can register and post on whatever topic they want :)
no, bad meaning very good :)
where you off to? i think i'm heading camden way (mr c needs to buy me a choccie egg ;-)) post office :-)
