good morning lisa ~ love your new avatar. best one yet! :)
:) how are you?
me too! :d i have a picture with roger shah :p hope im gonna see this guy live one day!!! he is adorable!!! #asot450
we the kings! i love them atm :)
my myspace is getting a facelift :) ...
alright ~~ gonna check my other accounts :)
hey twitter :) x
---->>follow him because hes is so nice :) 19
q:i'm good :) thanks. u still remember me? ... a:ahaha thats good. and yes offcourse i sti...
i will :d xx
udah dpt dr thank u ya :)
oh, can you send me graffiti? :)
yea :) until monday!
thanks. :) ♥
oh, cool! :d i live in holland. ;)
goodmorning people! just had lunch :d #jonasbrothers
bahahha curry on hahaha :)
yeeeee cheryl cole (tweedy!!) takeover day!!! :d
roflmao! well every friday in the usa, us #smallville fans attempt to make it a trending topic :p hence i tweet alot to help! :d
oh okay so it'll be a totally new experience for you :) you should see big ben :)
:-)
i can't believe i reach my 1000 followers. thank you guys :) who wants a shoutie?
it's in the wrapper it is a white box :)
if you want a shoutout :d
i'm good thanks! :) you?
you might have been watching on dave then :p i was on dave ja vu ;) haha! and alright :) *hug*
nix ^_^
just bought a #starinthehood t-shirt! that's not me finished there though. gonna buy something else later :)
just focusing on my plans and my writings. :) just wrote a piece about jen jo cobb. and i apparently shed some weight! :)
oh yep, now i do....lucky i love that song!! lol :)
sorry babe i only just saw ya message! afternooooon :-)
stupiid twitter :d:d sometimes i get like 10 more.. and sometimes just 1.. :d
dm'ed you :d haha. okaay. awwh i love you, ma' angel <33
so much more than i hoped for lots of possibilities! :-)
oh good. i have pro on my iphone; i don't need to worry about the ipad version. :)
hehe or that :)
4 more to 3000! :)
ooooooh my head hurts.. late nites r a binsh! lol! enjoyed it tho! :d
cheers :)
well, romcoms are cute :d well, im going to watch some more ghibli movies this vacation and maybe next vacation k dramas :d
not gonna wear any make up until friday when i meet :d
woow! thanks so much xxx :d
i watched 'an unearthly child' last night. have you seen it? :) x
haha yay:d nope we get a few weeks off :d you doing anything?<3
:) he's sooooooo cute.. :d pamatay.
wa heyyyyy!! is finally following me! :d
leave at 1? :)
thank you :d i hope sees it :d x
follow back please :)
coffee, cake and staff were lovely imo :-)
aww, you shouldn't have returned the shoutie back. it's free :)
3 on 1 in my house dad n 2 bruvas are united fans n im all on my own supportin chelsea :)
aw! hahah thats really sweet! im going to go to america one day, #partyintheusa :d bahahah
< -- go follow this belieber :)
thank u :)
new icon... :d
hey sweet karen :)
hahaa! i also touched him :)
your welcomee :d --- =d
watching the last action hero at my parents place...love arnie movies :-)
the crew got the best time (on beating a monster) on their time slot at the monster hunter tri event, go gamercast! :d
el7amedallah just got out of the traffic :d
smash hit, it a whole day of chez :d xx
*hoh-hoh!* mickey mouse is watching, alllll the time. *hoh-hoh!* i mean... good for you :d lol
ده إنت ال awesome :d
i'm back! with :) yaaay! no unfollowers <3
good morning to you as well, tim! hope it's a good one! :-) x
if you want a shoutout :d
she's there with rugby players :) to sign some stuff but you have to pay for a 54 quid shirt to see her!! its stupid! x
you're welcome! enjoy your mother's birthday! have a real good time and happy easter dude! :-)
hehe nope ... but you can always visit us on your phone at goldcoast.com.au :) ... how's the surf down there? still smallish?
yea.. thanks for everything.. you are the best :)
thx u for the follow :)
#wonky is what happened when young (and mostly white) journalists discovered the funk. that is all, thank you :)
thank you :)
you mean like the virtual slap about to come your way :-)
i think i will! i've met his dog before, she's a young, bright gsd. :)
you gotta follow; now :)
q:mwahahahaha, still evil? good good good. ... a:mwahahahhaha :)) oh yeah biffle :) i love...
the only thing my bumass ex was good for was bringing me breakfast.. besides that u were a useless hoe... damn i wish u had a twitter :) lol
hehe, i know! :d you'll still be my best twitter friend ;) lol .. xx
saw that you had a facebook! i added you, hope you don't mind ;) happy saturday to you & :) x
who wakes up to star trek in the morning & loves it? meeeeeeeeeeeeeee :)
thanks :) <3
i'm half spanish and grew up in spain, but live in the uk. why do you ask? :)
cheers for new friendships & thanks so much for #ff love. much appreciated! :)
it is 2:03 right now...afternoon :)
guys i got #grimesmemories trending last night :)
psssst you'd better all go to bed as the easter bunny is hopping about in her furry, pink crocs :) #lovecarrots
finally showered and dressed just in time for midday. :)
cool, i'm15 too :d
hey rochelle :d (@amyyoshi live on
thanks drew :-)
please follow ---->>>>>> :d
u my friend r super lucky!! hope ur having a blast :)
i surprised myself when it turned out well :-) i made a vegetarian curry with it. om nomnom...
can't really see it, but the moon is rising from the south east tonight... amazing :)
thanks so much for the kind words and support :) feedback v welcome! x
no prob :)
and im having coffee so i dont really expect to goto sleep anytime soon. but at least im not alone :)
