pwetty close to 12,600. shoutouts? and lists? :) x
ive already signed it :)
mr wonko i don't know what world you live in, but in mine it is very much so :d
woooo another goal to eagles!! :d 33 to 47 :d
yuksszz but..since everybody can read, jgn curhat di twitter yeee :)
if you want me to follow you =)
damn tweet sum real love shyt man she finna make me fall n love wit her 2 & how she my soulmate =)
wow, thanks! hope it got a laugh :)
no, just speak english,portuguese and spanish . sorry :)
if you want me to follow you =)
wew,dimana ini?? :d look,..!!???????
that was a very middle-class tweet! homemade pizza for lunch on mon :)
:) dhanashree pandit at #tedxmumbai asks what puts indian music in demand. i almost shouted rehman! correct answer, raag!
in the best possible way, the #pturducken on the bathroom scales looks ridiculous(ly awesome) lol :d
egg nesty?? ohhhh um i might get some little chicks to sit on top that would be cute :)
iots 12.30a here im already up :) what r u up to today?
quite simply the best commercial ever made <- looks like virgin at. were inspired by this one :-)
welcome back! :)
i still need 4 :) <3
thanks! :) mwah!
oh have you drinked medicine? (: get well soon, natz :d
if atheists ruled the world: ... brilliant quotes =) #god #jesus #religion #evolution
i'mma steal his heart and this time he ain't gettin' it back. muahh hah hah hah hah : )
how lucky i am to get to work with all of you! thanks for the #ff mentions :)
hahaha lol gw enak dong easter kea one week :d weee! hahaha grateful naa, grateful xp now otw home dari bogorrr.
can you follow please & ill list you 20times & give you a shoutout, go go go , thankyou :)
i'll give you more notice next time! *maybe* next friday.. will let you know :)
hello my deaaar! how are you? :)
if you want me to follow you =)
im back. =)
hey gorgeous people :d
haha awsome! thank u! :d
why thank you.. hahaha :d wait, is it in the good way? u r freaking everything...
oh gosh. :-) see, collecting spoons is a cheap hobby and means i can break as many in really cold ice cream as i like. nom nom
that was nice music! ha, haven't seen anyone place the bass up under their chin like that for ages :)
kanye west, imma let u finish, but the version of heartless by kris allen is the best version of all time :d
you are a sweetheart :)
setuju, nanti di follow up --> di periplus blom yaaa...dah niat td, mayan bisa baca sambil nunggu boarding :)
agrees whole heartedly :d
gonna get a shower sing am walking on sunshine why cuz am random hahaha :d xd then pool party wooo :d x
awesome :3 my mom has been there :d i'm gonna visit there too when i'm older :3
ok people follow !!!! opal panisara is here !!!! :)
only person up with me on my timeline is :)
follow > now ! 'cause i'll give you a huge shoutout if you did. just tweet me. :) 5
hello simon a quick hello before i dash...re blip...wanted to see a dalek! :-)
agree2~! haha. cant get over his aegyoos :)
wohooo another portuguese belieberrrr :d
don't worry i have who is my number one!! :-) xxx
thank you for #ff :)
tomorrow :) be ready. we will rock the day :) wishes all marlupi dancer the best :)
nah its quite nice :)
q:who made the last incoming call on your phone? ... a:carlie :)
i'm always happy :) that's somethin you will never experience..
if you love justin's smile! :)
how bewtyful iz 2do nuthin.... n den rest afterward :) hahaa...
no problem hun :) i hope you and joe have a great life together...just don't hurt him or you'r talking to me :) haha
#rtifyouwantmeto list you :)
paid dues? mm i hope so :)
i'm not sure! but its got rob in :-) dutch fans: this sunday remember me + interview rob in films&stars on net5, 16:35pm
yeyy..new router :) and printer got fixed.
is cool bebe :)
ohhh hargreaves could be back today! :d
mmm that sausage and bacon sandwich was nice :)
watchin martin season 1 dvd :) tete baby grab my ears :-*
heyy :d x x how's you??
i am going to sleep!!
good night world :d
follow > now ! 'cause i'll give you a huge shoutout if you did. just tweet me. :) 4
hello tweeps :) working till 2 today !! madness
q:does your name make any interesting anagrams? ... a:yeah it has lime in it :)
glad to know that! see u in church :)
been staying at novotel kuta lombok twice, spectacular view. tanjung aan & gili nanggu is just minutes away :)
do you have to tweet this? :) (@ toilet grand indonesia)
it was really guud, you looked mad at first... :) but i understand. you did great. you're great at what you do :)
thanks :)
follow > now ! 'cause i'll give you a huge shoutout if you did. just tweet me. :) 3
thanks for the #ff!! :)
mine is 2,760 and im 7 away :) urs?
i have redbull and cadbury dream :d
i will try to add some of u tomarrow :) thanks!
i don't know! how good was it? :)
says hi nang mish! need your presence :d
churros for breakfast? where are you in heaven? i'm still thinking what to make for breakfast =)
good good! =d nice! glad you had a good time! ^_^ yay! good, cos they are my fav easter egg! =d
ahaaa thank you and btw my name is charl :d
follow > now ! 'cause i'll give you a huge shoutout if you did. just tweet me. :) 2
just tellin mommy i wonder if they'd be mad if you & jota flowers did an interview like yoko & lennon did under the sheet =)
that was lame! :) 3-0
#rtifyouwantmeto list you :)
bom dia :-)
me n just dropped by and found these cuties hairpiece by :d
arrived safely in kzoo at 6:30am... only left mke at 10:45pm last night. :)
cuz in paris its 1233am :)
that is a hell of a lot of chocolate you have there. care to share? good pic :)
lesbians are cool, better than most gay guys. i was with the girls from the bonfire :)
hello! :) what's your name, mate? lol.
oh yeah! :d having my first taste of drambuie woah!
yeah i have one :) sure hun
kay y'all , im actually real tired...so bye :)
todays aim is 800 :d shout outs please :d xx
i have settled for a coffee at the mo. will have a drink at lunch time :)
hey thanks, i'm looking for it to upload to youtube though :)
you have your own stall this year? : )
i hate you, do you hate me too? :d
i'm good too, just woke up. haha. :) so, what you planning on doing today?? (; lol
#rtifyouwantmeto list you :)
shopping with my queen, nice :)
goood! and youu? :d
:o why only *try*? i'm pretty good! enjoying my holidays :)
i miss colouring it. those were the days.. when keeping in the lines was all you had to worry about.. lol. fun :-)
i love thee new hair! :)
i miss you!
i think should be stella they act the same haha : ) x
:) rt: hi.. i'll be back.. i'll be black.
#jonasbrothers still standing strong on the tts :)
yep! i wont forrget! :)
whats your favorite song of :)
thankyouuuuu my boy :) :* :* always love you too more and more :)rt i love youuuuu (y) chat w/
referring to it as a con implies the purchasers are conned and therefore not too bright. :-)
untouchable on smash hits now! :d it sucks seeing 'april 2009 no. 11' at the bottom :( so damn bloody close to top 10! >:(
followed ya , thanks :)
i ♥ this island so much :)
everyone go follow---> justin said too :0 :d
boarding now. cu in an hour :)
follow ~> :d
this if u wanna kiss justin's lips ! :)
:) didn't mean to be condescending, most wouldn't know!
okay so maybe she's not a baby, but she's pretty damn little. *pokes* ^_^
okay scaredy cat :)
thanks for the #ff dudette, 1000 mabrook for the new baby! =)
hehehehe...tht's ok i m leaving nyways....see ya laterz chicka :d
hahaha you're so right, lady :d lmfao. i'll go in the church later this day (: do you'va vacations, too? love u, darling.<3
all please follow and get to 10.000 ! he will go on tinychat if he can get 10.000 :) so followww now!!!!
follow : now!, i will give you a shoutout if you do!!!! :)
gooood! <3 bahaha i love you too! :)
kk. time to pack! :d
heyyy :)
yep, once did eus-kgx in 7min after it said i'd miss train i was aiming for & would have to get a non-express, it was wrong :)
if you want me to follow you =)
thanks ya :d :d
night owl, hon. :) just scrubbed out my bathtub. why i choose to do these things at almost 4 am i'll never know.
alot of guys are assholed hun :) chin up
if you want me to follow you =)
we're packing our things now ! :]] aaaaaw ! singapore byeio ! :(( :)
this if u wanna kiss justin's lips ! :)
playing tonight at royal bambi in dortmund with my dear friend mahan! i like!!! :)
thanks! :d most girls i talk to have never seen these movies at all so you be cool peoples too for knowing :)
it's pretty old.saw it at the movies & on tv a long time ago. art carney absolutely brilliant as was the cat who played tonto :)
follow me back please :)
when you add new video on youtube? :d
hey man did you hear back about me playing bass? come to manchester for the fb tour! :) wanna hang out afterwards?!
morningg suga :) howa u today ? shouldnt u be asleep ha its like early hours over there isnt it ? lol
thanks for the follow :)
aww baru saja tadi diputerin lagunya.. sukses yah manggungnya :d have a great weekend...
happy easter weekend, everyone! :)
i just dunno for pples insecurities. broads just have wild imaginations & make up stories #wtf! anyway mornin add me :)
ah well that is always the risk! sure we can talk later! :)
just woke up! aah cool ''belieber'' is trending #5! :)
done cooking. :-)
playing with fire? she doesn't strike me as being all that hot? :)
i love your tweets . usefull and awesome :)
alllooo :) forced me to follow :p
thankyourt udah di follow back kok :)
stunning :-) amazing bridges photos, really awesome !
so glad i found you guys! best gelato i've found in the states. just like italy :) <-- mission accomplished!
just woke upppp :d
we'll go for breakfast on the beach everyday next week :)
or a hot teh tarik :) completely drenched as we stand in the rain whilst the ..! a hot toddy would be perfect now!
brother visiting and niece wanted to play. what? "spelling!" and while watching cartoons she said: "tito jt, give me assignments." scary! :)
shawty i'm out! i'll be on later tweeters.. byeee :)
yay, i was the 1st who rt-ed it :d
response rate increased by 60%.. agoolach it works :) ya3ni laish you tweet me with the banana ?? laiiishhhh ??
yeah hah : ) x so im guessing your favourite jonas is joe : ) x
have great holidays :) we here don't have spring ones =)
ahh! i did! :d x
i'm awesome! :d aww hahaa no problemo :] we raaawr xdd i love our usernames <3 haha --> iloveyou
good morning :)
lool cool :) x
you should twitpic your cakes later! :)
akh .tak adill,tak adilll! :d odong :p
follow because she is soooo amazing :)
ohh yes i'm from philipines :d can i have your yahoo messenger?
thanx! :-)
me... teyana where did you get the lakers jumper from? lol im from australia so it only be 9pm here... xo =)
\,--ask me something! :)
oh! list number is 87!! yamapi must be happy now, i know :d
if you want me to follow you =)
stick some floaty arm bands on in jacuzzi and you'll be fine :)
aigoooooo~ november yes yes? :d just prepare my birthday present and i'll be there :d
me!! later at 7 pm.. see ya there :d on my way to tribute to alternative fx with erel. anyone go there too?
itunes imix + positive songs to help you get into a good frame of mind :)
i am no longer ill. i feel amazing! :-)
hihi..rt like this.. good mama :) nemenin ara di ultah temen sekolahnya..
:d :d :d marcus, how are ya!?
sorry didn't see this last night. not sure which department it was. :( they saved two though. :)
bahahah yeaaah that's so funny! bahahaha :) don't be sorry, it's ok! :) hahaha ur funny! <3
every little helps, and i'll bet you'll make loads, esp. if you tell them i said you're great. :)
belieber is going up the tt list :) awesome! :d
ah but if that was walking on a caribbean beach then it wouldn't be a bad thing! :)
okee followed , follow back yaaaa! :)
i will always love #jonasbrothers :)
awwww you are more than welcome honey, anytime :) xxx
