yay! thanks! :)
hitachino nest japanese classic ale. like licking a cigar box full of dried apricots and spices in a good way :)
if we all ask me one question.. i could have 463 questions in my inbox :d
to madrid? sounds good! conference, or just for fun? when? :) see you coming friday!
awwwwww good x :)
rain raining rain :d yaaaaay !!
in a telly by the venue.. san bernardino :)
hopefully, the worst of the deluge over so we can reclaim the chicken run from the swamp. our chooks should all be called shrek :)
i love my hollydays! =)
10 for 10 anybody?? :)
hahahah omg i couldn't wait for that long haha :d the 10th is a genius one !
#ineedyoutonight tuuuuune :) thank you luv x x
apologies for the predictive text error in that last tweet! seemed to do the trick at any rate... settling down for another quiet day :)
caught up just about! ohh so an alleged airport sighting of kristen! :) nice and stealthy does it.
...good morning :) xx
if u hate jasmine villegas. lets hateee! :d
ooh how's it going? it's a lot of chocolate to work with isn't it? :)
okay so i can't send u the page cuz its german :d
proud mary keep on burning..
(ccr, love it)
:)
thanks so much! :) its my song right now actually, the lyrics are exactly what i find myself saying everyday to myself. :)
which is why there's an opportunity to be an early adapter :)
on another note .. im gettin my tat today :)
lol!!! okay grandma... go knit a blanket up :)
comments don't really bother. atleast you read it. thanks :)
gotta go, got a lift down town #result lol back in a few hours, try not to miss me to much lol byeeeeeeeee :-)
my fav software app makes its ipad debut ... thinking, this ipad thing is starting to make sense!!! :)
birthday party at a pub, think i have decided on dress :) definitely fridge? what about ketchup?
yes, thankfully! chocolate therapy is treating me well :d
love it too ! ;) haha.. love it ! :d who wanna be
oh gosh! you are so dirtyyy. :o hahaha. rofl :d and that's good jb poison :p (: and this pic has a
have pretty toes :) bright pink. then it's time for finger nails. i'm having a pampering and enjoying every min. x
thankyou for the shout out :-) xx
not much i'm just watching tv :) yourself?
makasih :) (-_-) awas lu curutrt aneh b a n g e t hahaha what do you think about my avatar? aneh gak? -_-"
wow i come home from work and see that adam & joe are on. awesome :-) #twitsquadron #blacksquadron #adamandjoe
wah wah! only in pakistan :)
don't change your radio boys and girls. still gives you lots of love songs til 6pm. let us spread some love. :d
save something for w3 -- it gets even tougher :) keep up the good work!
11 days till the last song comes out in portugal! i can't wait to see it because the book was so amazing & i think miley did a great job! :)
ok need to get up..got people to see :) ... don't worry not ur guy *rolls eyes*
im up witcha... whats crackin?!? lol =)
that is a pretty bad-ass tattoo :-)
4 more cool peeps go follow >> << right now! :)
elliot yn cael hwyl gyda lemonêd :) = elliot is having fun with lemonade xd
hahaha, i"m faving this twitpic. reaction is priceless :d
<----- follow now !! <---- ill dm cody for you !! tweet me :d x <---- follow now !!
i just realized that belieber is a tt ! hahaha :d
hmmmn! we shall see. i already got help before u volunteered tho. thanks :)
rand paul wears a seat belt: for the record! :d
ok thanks anyway! could you let me know if you find out from anyone please? :)
dad just fell down doing the hoe thrown down bhahahahahah :d x
got up for an early round of golf, back home and hoping it rains now :-) got 79, happy with that as course is very boggy.
shoutout 4 shoutout? :d
woow nyambuuuung teruss :) abis idola cilik...now on air sampai jam 7 mlm :))
can i have some :) ** none fi u <<< i don't want ur burnt breakfast anyways :/!! lol
have fun, wish we were there! :) tonight i play in the backroom of a spanish restaurant with a tropical twist.. i love sydney!
long time no speak :)
omg randy just called :d he says hi xd
auctions are tense things! bit of google research mid-auction + now happy owner of late 1800's victorian vulcanite mourning cameo pendant :)
q:not telling sorry unless u figure it out :) a:awwwwman thats lame you know how many questi...
you're welcome! :) cool, hope you dig it!
gee thankies :d / dyna bieber jetadorejustin i always love tumblr, i love all the picture :d
was thinking about you this morning. :)
on my way to nj with the buddies :)
follow; , i will give you a solo shoutout if you do! :)
thanks 4 everything girlie! i had a blast see u sunday. :-)
please this #welovesteph :)
thanks :)
thanks :) wish was there
get it round tweeps :) #danielainesforpriminister rofl in action
nah, just a chronic pain sufferer who has already has his allotment of 5 hours of sleep. :) i'll nap around noon. ;)
thanks so much for that wonderful #followfriday. :-)
rawwr ill miss youu sweetiee :) byee! <3
went bed at 5am up now, one day all this sleep is gunna catch up on me.... :)
listed me back(? someone(? please :)
are you seeing hs? :)
you gotta nice rotation going :-) #str8sexmix #nowplayin<<< rain-- swv
rehearsals went great! first time this class worked it really out. sweat sweat sweat. good job! =)
can't beat a bit o' gbv on a saturday mornin. gold star for lowebot boy :)
i've listed you! :)
tons of beliebers here too :d ! and im one of them lol
np :) hope you have more followers now xd uhm i`m gonna help my mom with something now. ;)
warung lela. such ɑ huge place to spend this saturday noon. having chit chat with mom, aunty mega and lil sist :)
a kind person please help me get more followers :) please
i'm proud to call myself a #jonasbrothers fan : )
haha doesn't matter because both you and frankie are legends :)
of course :d and you too!
when you're :(, stop being :( and be :) instead! :d
no. i already have an ipod touch and a macbook. i can't really justify spending $499 on another, similar, apple device. :)
betul :) skrg gue insaf.. yang dulu ngehost reality show di sctv beneran ga?
can some people download some mp3s on and tell me if you have any problems, please? :)
ihiy thanks \(´▽`)/ teman kita yang satu ini boys and girls baru saja melewatkan uan. have a great weekend :d
i shall be watching the boat race today...love it :)
>> thnxx i'll list back :)
wooooooo my westlife tickets came toodayyyy xxxx :d x
cya ^_^
following now =)
it's the morning over here & i'm feeling okay today :d how is everything over your end of the globe?
i'm-a watch the special features on eot part 1. the idents are so much fun. :)
