followed :)
dont be upset bonatella, oops i mean donatella.. #itsonlytwitter :)
sisterhood of travelling pants 2 just stared on sky family :d
not as super i have to say haha... me: good thing he's a total babe magnet, then. :)
last chance routine is up :d mtv.com check it out. keep in mind it was rehearsal and we weren't all out :p
aaaand the bowling alley had some rad 80's music playing. i heard some debbie gibson, the go-go's, and even hear some tiffany! :-)
kicking back this weekend... hitting the lab hard next week :-) how have you been?
hey it happens, lol she's been in studio all day everyday all nite barely sleepin :)
you're welcome! thanks guys! :) xx
follow my bestfriend cause shes meeting justin bieber june 20th :)
it's like an angel came by and took me to heaven ♪ :) ♥
lol ohh smhh... i could make em feel better =)
www.trafficexchangelive.com is on the air =) wow, did i ever miss doing these
have a great easter :)
sure :) youll get me to 5,066 what will i get you to ?
#ff he follows backk help him get to 4,000 ! goo ! :)
4:40 am uae time, going to dubai tomorrow so have to get up early tomorrow. i'll just cuddle with my matthew & try to sleep!! good night :)
just switch the i & e and you're all goooddd :)
thank you :)
tinychatting... :d
may god bless you on this beautiful good friday and cause you to dream bigger than ever before. never give up on your dreams. :)
ooooh alright then :) yea ive seen it :)
everybody retweet this #makeyouloveme video pleasee!! need it number 1 :)
exactly :-) i don't know the economics & don't want to judge stores for doing what they need but so much more interesting to
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
nick johnson = bone bruise on knee.day2day // suggested song b4 abs yankee stadium: 'boy in the bubble' by paul simon :-)
its a phynx they dnt grow hair :)
beyond exhausted..looks like everyone else is having fun 2night. i'm looking forward to sleeeeeeeep. be safe, have fun. :)
and maybe u meet justin nd chuck norriz nnnd u learning with them karate lmaoooo :d
hahaha yes!!! it's epic!! :d
please keep following >>> <<< right now!! :)
yes, at least for the weekend!! :)
next january and i will take you. we're cool enough to not wait :)
steph's products by paris! :)
writing... and it feels so good :-)
awwwww, thanks, big homie! that made my day :) you're so sweet! xoxoxox. i hope you have the best weekend :)
nice little happy hour with & even a yoopersteez sighting (@bugsyrocker) :)
if you would like to get together with 4am photographers in your area, give me a tweet & i'll give it a shout out! :)
not even close! ha! :) somethin tells me this suns game won't be as fun as the victory party at majerle's last friday...#gosuns
me too :d
oh cool. okay you better get me them. or i will unfollow you. :)
he's a singer from the uk, veryyyyy gorgeous :) x
your bday is 4-4-75. u r female,born in tampa,adopted. fit this description?contact d_old_man.plz rt! :)
so proud of my mommy! she did gr8 in the play tonight! :)
hey kingpin :) how r u !?
why do you never invite me over for dinner?! :)
good morning :)
got tickets to the 2010 mmva's alreadyyy :d thanks bestfriend <3 she has connections to every1. follow her!
what happened with your friend's iphone? (make me feel better about my blackbery, too.) :)
shoutout to . :)
tell me where your from, and some stereotypes; and ill :)
#ff these guys theyr cool for following me =)
if you love justin you will follow >> << go go go :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
thank you for the #followfriday love! right back at you! :)
the oh deer cd's just arrived. i am putting the pre-orders in the envelopes and will be mailing them tomorrow. :)
hey therre! :)
thanks to all for the ff#s :-) happy horny friday everyone! now, i need to get laid!
everybody retweet this #makeyouloveme video pleasee!! need it number 1 :)
it's also #80salternative #90salternative :) "what's the #1stwave tag? hmmmm "abc –... ♫
lmao, i've seen it done & it totally freaks me out. however, if it looks like i need it in 20yrs, i'd prob go through w/it =)
i always share! :) miss u too
it's a great attitude to have :) think most celebrities would wish others treated them that way.bein on a pedestal is awkward
good honey :) how about you?
i love sex & im always horny & if ur a virgo, pisces, cancer, capricorn get at me :d thats what saiddd! & #true #nofail
they did not ruin your day stupid bitch. pretty sure i made your day fantastic, don't make it end sad. we had fun :)
ikr, you can't tell me mike wasn't getting some cutty on that tour lol :-)
yeah my phone is with gwen :( that will be awesome if u can make it :)
of course not. but they're also not paying $500 for a fancy kindle/ipod combo. :)
depends on the situation :-) i like both: krankshaft is great if you're into more "mild" beers & flywheel has some more bite
yes! :d congrats!! just got an offer on one of my books. lalalalalallalala omgomgomgomg #hystericallaughter
awwww that's sweet :-)
followed :)
could you tell us something about the booh ? :p we are sooo excitedr the release! its so close! :d
omg =) so perfect♥
annnnnnd now i'm more or less fine :)
aha . you're lame . let's go to karma together and pull some sexy bitches and go back to your place :)
i know! :)
q:np :) omg you dont understand how bad i wanna go to la i sang to my mom last night... a:sorry.
lol smh, smfh :)
ditto. it was cool living in the future! also cool: not having to stand by the tv flipping channels for my father. :d
ah. adorable indeed but please do not go out of yer way for me! :)
thanks, for the #ff #followfriday ! :)
thank you sweeties!!! so much love :d
new illustration ~ /via pretty cool :)
 @jujumogul is goin innnn on this #booloving101 tt... i love it :)
nothing! :) you're just the real deal...and if people aren't following you, they should. that's all. love you!
anytime :) soo... wanna race?
yay! have fun! :)
#ff i just started following her and she already got me rolling...funny as hell and she follows back =)
that sucks too :/ i wish i lived in the usa too :)
#fs > :d
aww thanks :)
hi :) how lovely to see you, having a great friday?
download the remix click the link below :)
yo there's nothing wrong with freshy squeezed juice ... specialy when it's passion fruit and pineapple :d
assume you are responding to grocer's apostrophes and not the pickled eggs at the side! :-)
ohh damn . lmao, i know that feeling . but at least you're not. you still have your whole life ahead of you & then pop em =)
kk thanks :)
our code name is 'jerqin' with a q on zingled :) you get a shoutout if you find one of us!
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
i'm doing great thanks!... that's good tasha! congrats to you! :)
i have to admit that i'm also loving the feel of the keyboard and the trackpad :-) #mac
:-) gretings from germany
if you want to learn bahasa indonesia properly,you should follow :)
thanks bill! mwah! :-) #ff quick shout-outs to:
got one smoooth as voice! have fun playin ur game haha :)
haha.. are you bored?! and you're still so funny! how could it be when you're not bored?! :d
haha, it's true! i might get a bit more overwhelmed then... :)
awesome job on the vid...very entertaining : )
i think is awesome :) haha<3
aww you are so sweet, love you hun! :)
aah ... coz i was gonna ask u what it means... names fascinate me :)
back to twitter :)
i just now found it. on tweetdeck. :)
#ff :)
our voices do come thru they are individual, often quiet but so solid-and there are millions of us. and we should know that! :)
chateau st. michelle has always been a favorite of mine. =) and i am a riesling fan, had some fab californias too #wawine
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
who doesn't have our ep or tee? :d
your welcome, its true :)
thx for shout -rt thanks for the rtl!! =)
steph's products by paris :)
we turned ours on and within minutes, were promptly freezing. it was a bit early for us :)
ahhh i'm going to have to look them up when i'm at my computer. the bag has a back brace support built in. very comfy :)
:) thats 3 today my dear and one was a shout out ... so hush it...
do you think nicki wuduh got signed if wayne wasn't on the map?? i truthfully don't think so.. :( but she's still a badddd bitch :)
bahahaha kk :)
im going to join and go to bed too ;-) goodnight!xx nighttt :) xx
good evening!! do you remember the old tv show "bridget loves bernie"??? :)
your welcome! :d
#nowplaying macy's day parade by green day :)
hope u like that infographic :)
#ff : )
got that text "gambling begins at 11" lmfao hard rock casino tonightttt :-)
you're in my 'hood! have fun :)
yea go for it it looks good should disz be my new twitcon :)
540pm and i'm already tuckered out. suuuper tiring friday. but hi&thanks to all the new followers. i appreciate you all! :d
is that right? lol! my day will be wonderful after the new back rub! hope you and the family are doing good. :)
#ff she's a hot thang doing it from la to the bay :-)
today wear blue ;) #autismawareness :)
cute :) hey, i couldn't stop myself and i knew you'd be amused: "maddow for senate"
k. imma dress up for you too k =)
next person to follow gets a massive shoutout and listed twice :)
outta the snow...into the rain :)
im from jerseyy. we pump our fists not our gas. :)
lol noo im just surprised haha :)
that my friend is who my famly on moms side is :) take care all best protruckr
yes they do alexis! you rock :-)
okay i go back to my account now. :d follow me? :d
lmao!!! you shouldn't have said htat, now ill purposely tell you about it! ^_^
i'm actually translating you and roxy right now. making brazillian portuguese subtitles for the city =)
#nowplaying :) replay :d
wow. this is great!!!! =) ttp://twitpic.com/1codx5 venetian newspaper celebrate!
nanas baaaack :d jessi. i have to tell you something. lmfao. o.o
ok give me a shoutout and i can help u with followers :)
just added video to my website ihatesincere.com .. go check it out! =) im the best daughter ever! #gov life, its how we live!
thanks :) follow aku ya hello teman semua mari kita follow
i'll email you :) i might ask you the same question!
probably, yeah. gotta stay relevant, so founding fathers don't count. :)
oh steve, those are beautiful! did u and nadira make them to hide for the kids? soooo nice! :) xox
who wants an icon!?!?!?!!? :)
no way! it's epic! :d
to those of you celebrating it, i wish you a wonderful easter! :-)
#ff he follows backk help him get to 4,000 ! goo ! :)
yess if you follow and also follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :)
yes yes there is :d
#ff if your not following your timeline has to be booooooooring!! =)
heyy girl :) doing my hair and make up for the night you?
im okay!! :) what are u doing?
don't you love our city? see you wednesday at #influencesd! :)
"dont tell god how big your problems are...tell your problems how big god is " :-)
i'm that predictable? :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
just finish shopping online :d we heading to bed another long day 2mm
somehow i knew you'd like that. when i saw kent jones wearing one last night, i wanted one...and i knew i wouldn't be alone. :)
want variety and brains in your life? do not mix! flammible! :)
:)
sounds lovely! have a great time. :)
omg, total tune! one of my all time favessss :d
hello, beautiful whistler!! its snowing here now!! everything's so colorful and there's happy music playing!! :)
i know you want tooo..... :)
ill dm justin for the next person to follow :)
thanks for the bite :) ill explain to my bf why they are there, he will understand :p
awesome! will have to go when i visit! :)
q:what was your favorite toy to play with as a child?... a::) white barbies :)
i'm at the combination ppizza hut and taco bell. :)
i just found some info online, i think it would be ok! watch this space for gallery hickman! :) (with a less rubbish name)
q:can i have a kiss? lol =) a:yessssssssss
hey can you teach me how to hack? :d
nope, it's philippe boucher :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
you love my minxy ways :) x
that's an easy one for me. then then everyone else. :)
thanks for the #ffs :)
true enough, but it's a b*tch when you might want to make a copy ;) ps fwiw-uncompressed dupe material/master tapes for me :)
catholic services in cocoa beach rule. you can show up looking like you're going to a jimmy buffett concert & no one judges you. :)
im gonna go :) 2morrow im going 2 the mall w/ my mom.. she pays ;) gonna get some new shoes, a cap, cloths.. yeah!!! love y'all<3 gn..
y bosnia? :d
were all good, the contest is back on :)
