hahaha, we're neck and neck! tweet me at the end of the round, we'll see who wins! :)
if justin bieber is following you :)
boarding the boat :)
hay i'm at a friends place too :) lol are you having fun?? i started chapter 11 lol i can't do much till we talk though haha
back atcha, no, you're the legend... etc. :)
i still bring that one out every now and again :)
todays protest is strong proof :)
sureee :) heeey !
any of you guys play music! go to and sign up for headliner :)
#mileyforver plz :)
i am having a "ball" as you say, its amazing! :)
thank you :)
hahahahah yesterday after church my grandpa was like; i want an ipod. bahahahahh random :d
g'day :) how have you been? its been awhile.
alice in wonderland w/ mummy :)
martha doesn't blog, so she's far less frequent than the one you admire; + ppl want to pay to read, unlike you-know-who :-)
it was lively! :)
yes, here :)
oh okay. hope u'll have a nice day :)
heyyy :) whats up?
update has been forwarded. it happened last night. =) ready?
i like anything vanilla or chocolate :d
gettin dressed for my morning run guyzz :)
i'll have 2 weeks of holidays ... in 2 weeks! lol :) i'll prepare the fanbook during the holidays.. :)
cassies, hold on. there's something greater in store. jusr #alwayskeepthefaith :)
yes, all my family is in town. we're having a get together :)
oh yerrr the pics good doll i like the coloring in it :) doing anything cool this weekend?
just waiting for the church lol you? :)
#mileyforever :) plz :)
if you like fried and _sweet_, i definitely recommend apple fritters. corn fritters are good, too, as are hushpuppies... =)
sama-sama drey :) thankyou smua lg gahar nih gw hahaha
rawwwr awsome :) thanks for helping! <3
youu say youu likee musicc pshhhhhh youu havent heard nothing until you heard #joriking yeaaa babyy :)
i want all the wedding gifts x u can keep the cake :-)
nzers, don't forget that your clocks go back an hour tonight. enjoy the extra hour. :)
thx udah follow :)
my free track today is for the girls as they say ladies first :) and its titled every night .. upload link...
well i will pop on over now! thanks :-)
my best friend has delivered a baby girl :-) wohoooooo so happy , i m gonna see her now,,, hope she s fine, its a month premature baby
i plan each week and include relaxation and downtime too. really helps me. :)
my husband's car..he had to get sth or the other replaced so he wanted to check up on it :)
.. happy easter!!! wow. :)
hi, thanks i just emailed you :)
reached my goal; thank you guys ♥ :d
happy 2 week anniversary :d -kisses you-
aww darling you poor baby, :( nah i when we ended the convo it was morning their :d
he is so cosy snug! :) i want a sun nap too now!
awesome i will dm you the details :d x
hahaha i go say to her...kaisei says happy birthday :) shed be like huh whos kaisei :l
"your paintings are so good my daughter wants them all i think were ordering 10 so far.." ~@rkez1 <~oh yeah!! :)
just twitter and msn and listen to music... :d
aww thanks :d
haha but now it's time to use it in public :) tee-hee :) lol
or even better, video with storming the stage :) hehe
lunch time :)
please refollow em :d
hah this way my first youtube video :) i still am crazy about
ur welcome :)
you're really pretty honey. :d la buddies for live. <3 (@teamcyrus live on
happy birthday, gavin. lunch and stuff with people sounds like an excellent way to celebrate! have fun :-)
goodlatenight lol :)
out in newquay tonight, think i may have have to get out of bed and go get a haircut :)
thanks yaa :) #fs follow them!
you got the card :) ?
happy easter eve! if you are blessed & you know it say happy easter eve! :) << happy easter eve, fred!
you're a man of many talents!! that's pretty darn cool. :-)
it's exactly like that :d she had no idea why we were all crying with laughter.
keep the abuse coming :) it really doesnt affect me, im not a chelsea fan :d i just hate man u.
aww thank you *hugs* you are mucho lufferly yourself :d
:)
youu say youu likee musicc pshhhhhh youu havent heard nothing until you heard #joriking yeaaa babyy :)
random fact. i like to say "like" :)
mau ditemenin? :d saya butuh teman untuk kenikahan sahabat saya.... syapa yaaa???hmmm... syapa dooong???
thanks for the #ff shout out. :) ..but not for the rain. that was nutty. ..shingles all over the neighborhood. yikes!!
aha :) no prob , u excited for the chelsea vs man u ???
heya! not too bad, birthday weekend, so nursing a hangover today, just watching the sport all day, awesome! :) how's u?
followed :)
that coffee hit tha spot though :)
i don't think i was ever undercover, i've been introducing myself whenever people catch me :)
well i don't like jakarta's weather..but i lived there.. there's no reason for me to hate jakarta so much.. :)
not yet, but soon :)
nerisa, my phone finally let me play it!!!! sounded good. :)
i will :d
hehe :-)
you get first pick :)
i miss u all as well :) and i miss you :d
lol i thought it might make a change to all the "want 2 million more followers by the time coffee is brewed" tweets :-)
he was a big girly wuss who stood and shook and did a little bark before realising he was getting a fuss so he cheered up :)
morning sugar? xo« what's good bay :) wt u up 2?
are all of my followers sleep? shizza! wake up. :)
hey youu :) welcome back!!
oh interesting. all the reports said each store would only have the available pre-orders. should make those people happy :)
ready to go live on tv patrol now...the crowd behind me is starting to swell...boracay rocks!! :-)
i agree with you there :) youtube and it's related videos... almost always spot on, very handy :)
i don;t know how to spell it...but its great with vinegar! :)
mucho awesomeness! :) is representing teach for india in new york! :d
you're welcome :-) , x
good morning! my latest blog post goes live at 8 am :)
reply me if you want me to follow you :)
will eat dinner, be right back in a while! :d
