ah yes,no rush!still hoping for some comments on right to play etc from ! we're working on it =)
how would u like to see local news official station accounts use twitter? (via do tell :)
we are working our way there, very much looking forward to it :d (we won't be watchin g the 4th, which i've never seen)
good morning loungers! :) rt: join the lobby lounge, one of the top 5 urban gay communities on the web! :) #loungers
midlands. :d you?
thanks for the list :) x
ahh your sooo close to 11,000 followers! :d glassgow are lucky ;) x
you're really nice miley would be lucky to date you :)
happy #jedwardeaster guys! loved you dancing in the window at the morgan. :d
the sound of the rain is so soothing i love this weather :)
hehe minor details :d my outdoor area is undercover and well protected, so winters are quite nice outside!
if you want me to #promote you :)
ok *wink* ill meet you at our usual place :d sumbody needs to get laid lol
cool people follow :)
you can call me anytime day or night. :)
happy #jedwardeaster guys! loved you dancing in the window at the morgan. :)
sige. gagawin ko yan. :) sana you'll share more pictures.
i'm great, ta. need a cup of hot tea? :) xxx
emails, emails, emails...... i should be here a while lol :) might i add, i get the loveliest emails =) have a lovely weekend all xoxo
if you want me to #promote you :)
i have some work to do to catch up with your 54 miles yesterday :) soon as i get bike fitted to me, cool?
why thank u! i will tell them. i will tell my mom to tweet lol. :d and :) -tay
the diet went just *slightly* out the window ;) how's your morning love? these 3 are doing a great job of cheering me up :)
made director nervous by writing down errors in the show for our qc report. it was a short list, and i had to nitpick :) good job!
ooh, allow me to warm you up! :) *hugs*
if you miss // #demilovato on twitter, right now :)
i'm sorry i'm not. :) well for jessica, yes.... lol
we dont know yet.. :d just wait for further announcements... ^_^ but we think it'll be very soon...
she's the sweetest thing i've ever known, like a kiss on the collarbone :) :*
seems like people are eager to find out what's behind the curtains :)
acuvue2clear atau colours? beli softlense acuvue2, beli 2 ▸ 2nd box diskon 30%, ada loyalti program lg :)
follow >> now!!! :)
thanks :)
lol thanks, now im on holiday its registering a great fat 0 :)
just spent all morning working on pr! another beautiful 'rainy' day in orkney :o/ >> :( for rain :) for pr you go girl!
mmmm dreamy butter fudge. i <3 hotelchocolat :d
5 of ya please go follow now : :)
a bit far but thanks :)
workout time! :) lets just see what this pull up bars got on me today.. weight room later.
ho ho ho! this is, where i get all the #money for your #christmas gifts: // it works fine and rudolph loves it too :-)
gooooooooood morning :)
definitely. feels so much better :) this will be fun
as i lay dying! introducing circle pits to #easterfest :)
of course! :)
woohoo guys! 2 more followers 'til 500! :d
emang :d
she runs her hand through her hair :d
manchester tonight. :) x
don't ever say the word "give up" ! u don't have to. will follow you :) trust me
sound great, we have some sunshine here to.. love it... =)
others must be watching it on tv and whistling :) i am aloso going off. see you all later :)
i think he was off:( happy birthday for your mother :)
here ---> and tell me ur yaplog url :) if it's ok :)
the next who will get a dm for justin :)
:) yes sir. 60% leans towards me since it cross 245 :d
hahahah! :p but i neeedss a break =p and then biology in a little while.... *sigh* =p what up? :d
i know :d i'm gonna try very hard :d
me too, thank you! hello! :-)
oh my all my friends are telling me i got roasted na here in boracay!!! wahhh!! but i can't lie, being here 4 work is still super fun!!! :-)
you'll be reet. chin up dear :) and as the doctor needs you later!!!
yup! :) give me the link and i'll ask u anything :))
wow anytime sweetie :) i'm so glad you love it :'d xo♥ m
im really not a huge fan of :)
i followed them :) xx
so damn full.... :d back to my panda :))
...house do some housework... lol; flat run up and down the stairs :)
a thriving denmark-based software company only hires people with autism hiring them because of their strengths!!! :)
on the train into landaann town :) singing to and annoying my mama:)
heii #afgantheone udah ada di medan nie..asik..asik..asik :) uda beli the one donk :) hahaha
off to volunteer at earth day! making & proud :)
=)
we are part of the community :) wordpress 3.0 beta 1 is now available. beta, beta, read all about it!
hahahah.! yah we bestie we rock we are awesome so we can make #mileyforever a tt :)
i don't lie, i just don't tell the whole truth :)
i'll join you virtually :)
it linked with me want the mercedes :)
happy eastern :-)
thnx chick!! :) anything for my ac
boo! was wanting to book a gym class for tomorrow but i stupidly didn't pick up a membership number. swimming instead! :-)
good morning to the handsome prince across the globe:) i had an epiphany about our discussion in the night :) to be continued
heyyy :) follow me back please?.. xd thankyouu x
if you've never been to an easter vigil mass before, you don't know what you are missing. all are welcome! 8pm tonight st. louis church :)
please follow back? :)
hahaha, dw it wasn't that embarassing haha, :d <3
:) , you got more today ? < yep just some cutway filming in a club 2night :-)
im yet to make it. when i do i shall twitpic the proooooooof. :-)
i'm very glad that is back safely and looking forward to seeing dr. who later :) a good day!
ahh your sooo close to 11,000 followers! :d glassgow are lucky ;) x
cool :d
:) i too! i'm listening some music,and you?
seems to be more bees this year -- doing what bees do best... buzzing and pollinating. we'll reap the rewards of their hard work later :)
plz follow the sweetest girl i know she's a bit crazy but i love her to death, i'm sure you will, too. :-)
lol! look at dis one! hav u transfered money 2 my account? lol! i'm size 8/10 :d
dont fight, is 19.15 pm here haaha lol =d i cantttt you tell me?? :)
#np taylor swift you belong with me non accoustic :d
i'm going to have to look into it more. although, i can't imagine being a complete veg. because well...sushi, duh. :)
i think i gotta crush crush crush i think i gotaa crush crush on yoou :)
post it on briercliffe and use the tweet button to post it on the airwaves :-)
hellooo :d
hmm i love relaxing thank u jesus!!! i feel good :d xxx
hey jayne, did you get my email? and loved the flip today :)
i don't have school tomorrow.. we're having a day off tomorrow for easter :d but we won't celebrate it.. how's your holiday? <3
yes he can now tweet as #iplkimkic :) epic>> even shane warn swears b** c*** /via
hah i will when i dry m hair though :d hah so wuu2? xx
happy saturday to you, rose :)
nitroglycerin more like ;p nah, it's good, i'm pudgy but reasonably fit :) if it'd been flat not uphill, wud've got u for sure!
thnxs for the shoutout :d
»-(¯`v´¯)-» #grateful to people who make me happy :-) thanks friends
how much 'self time' should you have? and yeah i think we've both been burning out a bit. i'm going to bed :-)
sure.. i'll follow you back. :)
what a load of shit! you don't care! nobody cares!!!!! :d i'll go if you manage to bring a bottle of vodka.
:d how are youu this fine mornin brotha?
some great stuff on doctor who in todays telegraph and a quick interview with matty boy. 5 hours! meanwhile, im off dress shopping! :d
so hmmh.. what's your fav. colour? :d
i kept the receipt in case. :)
watching grey's anatomy with mr bear in bed :) miss u boo
we are so close!! :d #followjamieafro #jedwardeaster! :d xx
i don't get hundreds because is small... but it is wizard to get even a couple :d hope dazed is going well.
coffee chica! :)
#fs for me, please? :d x
haha actually idk :p uhm maybe ya it works :) thanks tho. sure if u want. i'll return them :)
oooh i love merlot. its a newly discovered flavour for me. quite delightful to sip of an evening :-) xx
awwww. back atcha kb! :-) :-) :-) (droid has a smiley button) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
:) ur welcome!!! <3
iyah,gw bawa selalu,and it was my dad's, and it keeps me closed w/ him :) : (cont)
thankyouu thankyouu thankyouu :) #mileyforever <33
happy #jedwardeaster guys! loved you dancing in the window at the morgan. :) you rockkk!
thanks for the ff! did you get my email about the banner ad? hope you're having a good easter :)
haha! thank you =)
tp kaka pngennya dia ngefollow acc yg ini llon, kan yg ini personal :)
the puppet is nothing without the talented young man who controls it =)
please please please dm me my unfollowers!!!! please please please???????? :d
#nowplaying i look so good without you by jessie james. i love herrrr :)
ohh i dnt no wot tht is lol :) xx
i'm watiching baron munchousin on #abc2 right now solidifying my love of terry gilliam :) also rad saturday night i know :p
massive shout outs if u comment :d x
i poured my heart n soul out i wrote so much that i feel empty it feels mad good to jus get everything out :)
q:hey follow back yah :) a:ok followed ya
happy #jedwardeaster guys! loved you dancing in the window at the morgan. :) you rock!
of course. followed :)
no, was demo'ing openwrap *using* sharedview...not demo'ing sharedview. oh, wait... :-)
follow now! and moi own it! :d #indonesianeedsdemi
am i your bestie? :)
organise your surroundings and your life offline and your online business will prosper --> please :)
i know how smells :d
hmm cool da :) will just get u a header,is that fine? :p
wow, sounds weird but nice! thank you! :)
my tea deficit is quite huge based on cups per day today zip yesterday more than 1 shows how u big my deficit :) lol
when i was younger i used to chase my brother around (and he me) shouting that :d
yw :) doin' good & u ? =)
shoutout for shoutout?? :)
you're welcome :) she's cute though, when she's sleeping :o
´boom dia :d
morning! today we pre-register for #runfortherose after a client meeting of course :)
you really got strange and funny way to show me a glimps of my future, god.. that's why i love you so much.. alhamdulillah and thank you :)
ah :-) i think innocent and are there waiting for some chelsea / man u whoop-ass session
you're awesome :d
"#isthataproblem if i ♥ to tweet until i win the apple #ipad from #123rf.com?""nope, i just want to know the rules before i tweet." :)
dats kwl :-) tweetin iz always gud :-p
happy #jedwardeaster guys! loved you dancing in the window at the morgan. :) you rockkk.
i love u more more moreeee btw whats up :d
hi :) on behalf of wanna let u know that u are already on our list, pls kindly follow me so i can dm u details tq!
i'll dm justin 30 times about the first person to follow tell me if you did! go go go! :d
hahaha yeah were totally awsome and well make #mileyforever a tt :d sameee :p haha #mileyforever
hahah :) don't flirt with him ok isni!!!!
:d yay you replied again
so we're twesties again yeahhh? :d
architecture not specific enough to accuratly calculate 100th of a second. was trying to be a bit "geeky funny" but failed :)
thank you for the rts! have a great day! : )
hey guys go follow now !! or chuck norris will kick you r ass :d lol
nope, just an itouch! :d i don't have an iphone
oh man, you're lucky. i met whoopi when i was on the view, but have yet to meet oprah. have fun! hug her for me. :)
thx : ) happy 2 make u feel good man!!
its cool though :) too bad justin wasnt in london huh? :d
yes i know him.. not in real life.. im just a fan of him :)
listed 20 times :) but, why you unfollowed me?
have to give dumbo another chance. think i will venture over there next week (thur). such a creature of habit :)
happy #jedwardeaster guys! loved you dancing in the window at the morgan. :) you rock.
#mileyforever and when da dj drop ma favroutie tune and the britney song was on :)
will spend tomorrow with the family and yes i use photoshop mostly :) xxx
go on my youtube channel >> www.youtube.com/ryanurcdrummer << =)
it's getting there guys! 182 away from that lloyd tweet and more and better pics... :) x
morning world :)
good luck on your run! must be a 15k :)
i've got a cool new jogging shirt! thanks #spacex :-)
thank you for the rts & #ff recommendation...i appreciate ea of u :-)
#demilovato should come to england...cause i'm here and so is selena :d
anything bu mu hihihihi bener ngga looon? :d
you always try hard and i appreciate it :) -taylor
welcome to our warrioring world :d :-))
holy gorgeous mornings! top of the morning to everyone! :d
haha,they didnt give me shouts,no more,reaching 1300 need 46 more followers :)
cool! cerita dong ;) gara2 bukunya & jd kepikiran project baru nih..thanks a lot :d
good morninnnnnng!! :)
*cough* google maps. *cough* :-)
:-)
thnx voor de tip! :) #doctorwho
good affirmation words :) i feel glorious, dynamic energy. i am active and alive.
:) askaway:)
well, good morning :)
