things for ipad looks amazing! it might be the very first app i'm buying on my future ipad :)
trynaa do sutten today ; it's gonna be beautiful outside :)
:d you haven't been on in agessss!
4got 2 tell u last time i was here carlin picked me up so i was their apt. small world na talaga ha! thx again 4 dinner! :)
let the ipad unboxing madness begin :)
your welcome :) #ff
follow me back? :)
aww thanks shirley :) hoping to have some weddingy pieces up there soon...once exams are finished.so much still to learn :(
jutin timberlake is so cute !! people don't like his hair coz it's too n*sync but come on, it's adorable :)
and it's like that dream, where you said, "see? i knew he could do it." :) love and thoughts coming atcha.
me too :d
thanks! (she said the next day) have a lovely easter :)
ahh cool :-) i'm sure somebody will upload it somewhere!! and :o why not??!! xx
anything good on tv tonight ? of course there is..... dr who :-)
leavin now for the mall =)
-krispy-
pls go follow my personal account -> :)
that's good stuff den =) ur talented lol
dudes and fellow dudettes, shoutouts for shoutouts! :)
ahahahahahahaah! it's really good. :d
r u still there? :)
thanks guys, you all rock! :)
good luck with the kitchen. been there done that. good when it's done. it's a lot like a day job. :-)
morning sunshine lol :-) that's because i wasn't meant to be leashed :-)
unfollower: thank you for unfollowing me, i hope you understand that i'll unfollow you too!! :)
starting the day by blaring kelis-acapella :)
im 8 :$ haha :d #question to my followers: how old are you?
hahaha! i said that i knew me too! :d and yes yes they are :d
awesome :) its 1.16pm what abt there??
yes, #alwayskeepthefaith for all and pray for the best to happen. :)
yine çok narsist bi background yaptım... :) kendimden sıkılmıorm şimdilik :p
follow ------>>>> :)
hey its :)
i tweeting and listenin my world 2.0 :d
ooooo exciting stuff! :)
learned i can tie a cherry stem with my tongue tonight. with rosie's help :)
haha, well i can't anyway :/ i have to use my student pass thingy, but a rail card works anywhere in the uk :)
wants a helly hansen x :d
beluuugyyyy <3 xd :d
naww (: thankyou :) hehe
btw, u look a lot shorter...u should sit up more!! that's my mum comment of the day :-) back to duck pond...
can yall list meehh pleasee ! ? :) ♥
for those tha like tres cool schwag :) the posse is giving away a box of schwag!
next time we have gaming steak, i'll be sure to invite you over. :)
wasn't feeling focused enough to paint yesterday so steered clear of twitter procrastinating did laundry/cleaned house/watched a movie :)
<----- if you sign this i will list you 20 timess :) xxxxx
do watch. your cinema education would be incomplete w/o throne of blood :)
i really don't think twilight does rob any justice. remember me on the other hand demonstrates his fab acting skills & gorgeousness! :)
... support you give. thank you for that! :)
hope you had a good time :)
thanks :)
follow me back? :d
hahahaha :d yay :d i just needed to say that again :ddd <3
knit a scarf! :)
comeon :) ask anythingg( :
thanks for the #ff :-)
*yawns & stretches* good morning, twitter :)
i played 320 times forever on itunes... crazy shit :)
just tweeting & listening to music, wbu? :)
i'm from bulgaria :) n you?
thanks for the #ff :d
goinng too later ! :d :d x.x getta new hoodiee from sportssdirect or adidas ! :d .x
hi honey! :)
oh i have had a huge amount of zzzzz's but not sure it benefits me, did i sleep too much? anyway i'm sure nephew will sleep :-)
im proud to say i love the #jonasbrothers :)
have you seen the worn+washed (www.wornandwashedfabrics.com) liberty scrap packs for quiltmaking? all too covetable... :)
cool :) what's his name?
tried to twit my camping ground pic, couldn't. n-way; wen just arived, wifey+son said "oh so muddy". we camping not staying 5*hotel guys! :d
thankyou for the ff! :)
aah cooool! :)
somehow the document didn't save. all is well, i had pretty much remembered them. :)
:) alas not. work disaster trying valliantly to ruin my weekend but aside from that much fun is being had x
but who can help themselves when that theme lol x da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da daaaaa luv it x :) :)
#jonasbrothers...thank you for being you. (: love you till the end :d
q:answer my question please,and ask me back :) a:im answering, and oh. whats ur twitter? h...
thanks for the link you posted a little while ago am now in love with max richter's music: :)
thanks! we are taking the laptop so i can sneak some wolfpack emails :)
:) smile, enjoy ur day at workkkkkkk lovely... mmmmm. :)
lol! i'm sure i will i love that place :) missing adam again at gb :(
3 more followers till reach my goal !! plzz help meeh :) brb
yah i think you shud :) lol
right back atcha hun :)
i agree with you . thanks for the care .. i appreciate it :)
rtrtrtrt otm mr. bean live action and next is enchanted :)
if you're a european belieber :)
we stay up all nite :)
yeah i think so :) but warm in england is like 10-15 degrees, and if were lucky in the summer we have a max of 20 degrees haha
please follow meeee :)
aaah omg ; just notieced rt'd my tweet :o thankyou esmeeee :d
that is sweet :) i have to go find a nice plant for my mom today, though i am not ambitious enough to make my own mini garden
no. openrasta is already owned by caffeine it :)
keisuke tokyo! no more ramen for me for the nxt few weeks! : )
yes, should buy this website and not www.funnyordie.com... this should be www.twitterbelieberordie.com :d thanks twitter!
you got me there :) give me just 1 more minute :p lmfao :ddd <3
haha yeah i know :d
lolol : ) #dpfacts lol he has always been..! the lord of dping :)) we are his clones. lol
omg i can't belieb i'm so close to 1000 followers.. just 43 more. wow. big thank you to all my followers! love y'all :)
hold my hand and walk w/ me :)
gud mawnin followerz have ah bless day.....jah bless :-)
serious aayittu chodhichatha :d
i'm gonna start using more :d
