i haven't had mccoy all night/morning. hopefully in this one =)
where has she been, living on mars or something :d
isn't that what the sink is for in the first place?? wei-rd! :d
woo :d haha. how old is your little sister?
just watched teen idols or something haha can't remember but it was good, justin looked hot as always.. i love his smile :)
who is tipssyyy? :)
omgggg we actually couldn't be further away :( i'm so happy katie let me use her phoneeeee :) xx
#akangkunort if you want me to kill justin bieber haters ! haha ! :d
:) not forgiving is like drinking rat poison and then waiting for the rat to die.
i just spared you a few minutes. :)
for my 35,400th tweet :)
wow you can be my doctor anyday!!! what op did you get if you don't mind me asking? :)
i want :d
thanks to for this great deal woolworths.co.uk 2100 ms points for 4 quid use this code zz437 :-)
i'm 13 away from 9oo wow. somebody, anybody .. shout me out :) i will always return shoutouts and follows!!
oh i love coffee :) enjoy your hott choccy :)
i can c the conscripts smiling :d #egyworkers
kellie's not on. there's always a chance for us to get followed by her :d i believe it :)
i wanna sign twititions ! :) sent me the link & i'll sign :dd
i'm going make bg for my sister is going to make one again, -.- anyway, goodluck to everybody who is doing one!! :d
that is another way of doing it :) probably not a very sustainable one though, but we'll see
gooood :-) i'm also good thanks!! what you up to?? xx
why?? :d
ah masak :prt me ! hahaha who's playing the guitar ? well its nice :) i feel sooo comfort
heyyy. morning tweeps. :)
cool. haven't read rework yet but i bet the content will be similar to what he discussed. nice collection :)
he's going, just not finishing. :)
special shoutout to :)
you've been taught well :)
#ff ---> :)
text 4550 to 81700 to vote for my video 'without you' on channel aka please peopleee :)
thanks for the ff!! and the wonderful compliments :)
lol will do forcing my nephew to watch videos at www.youtube.com/yayasan1malaysia --- u shld watch, too! :)
i do! as a kid in the uk we got in trouble for eating the frozen cream that popped the top in the winter :)
ahh,, this is the life- listeing to mw2, lying in bed, staring and chatting away to the beib posters on my roof :)
nicely put. we have so much to celebrate and offer our pool of talent & resources is indeed rich now to believe :) thx xx
are you sure this time? hahaha i'll say goodnight just encase. :)
i love you :) <3
thanks hun , no quinn was in the group , it was a good show :-)
happy weekend ko !! happy weekend followers, be productive! :)
all lists :) lol! kidding. idk, any list u want. i can't see coz im on phone.
dos!!!! :) hello there! ;)
lovely :) glad to know someone actually reads my bullitens lol
finally added a few more sketches to the #draw365 pool it's looking so good and busy over there :)
i love all the little song lyrics from previous fob songs in what a catch, donnie :-)
www.formspring.me/belllareow ask anything, i reply to everything. :)
good idea :) but i have no clue who's side im on?!?! lol
its 12:08pm here :) and yeah sure :d
i'll never unfollow you :)
wow. :) you a doctor who fan aswell? :l x
depends on your country :)
:) thanks
thanks sweetie :)
how are you ?
ask, tell, confess :) say something fun, interesting, sexy ;)
ako rin!!! but i liked the 2nd album "saints and sinners" better. :-)
shoutz: give the least b'day gift u could give thru twitter by following and dont ever unfollow! :)
this is pretty :)
heeey, follow back please? :)
yes that should be you :)
rt@dahara thanks! happy wknd!  
@mlomb << #ff #love | <-- : )
q:can you make a shouts to for 5times? and she will make this f... a:haha sure :)
listening to turn right makes me cry. listening to bbgood makes me laugh. listening to #jonasbrothers makes me ... me :)
no way! =)
follow me, i'll follow back :)
so what do you think about te amo choice? i'm very happy but in my opinion fire bomb is the best song :d
aloha huahin!!!! # hua hin thnks :) beach photo for nui in phuket
headed to new jersey for the day with : )
take me with you :)
i'm so glad you enjoyed it! that means a lot to me. :)
bonjour bea! : )
omfg she is stunning! the queen has taken the stage :) i'm so in love!
photo: brilliant! batman vs. that gay guy from twilight :) genius deantrippe:
thanks :) <3
good luck with the british accent and the audition! i'm sure you'll do great. =)
i will every night! :) poor iphone is having it's spot replaced.
a nice quote for next book, don't forget to credit h&m in the bibliography :-) |
i'm always here :)
i think i might do that :-) thanks
things are great. vacationing in fl! =) i hope all is well w/you, 2!
thanks for the ff!! :)
last outing for this. please pass on. :) fear/monsters post: how 6music helped save me from hell. #savebbc6music
"what did i do to your heart". stuff the shuffle, dis is goin' on repeat. #jonasbrothers, dancing in ya honour. :)
although we will trend #501carrotsformal and hope we make it to number 1, lets help #alwayskeepthefaith rise also. they need our support :)
who wants to do 10 for 10? :)
:) thanks for the rt!
how many ????? i cant count it :) we´re partners xd
tweeting about connecting my digg to my facebook. get me.. :)
worth every bit of hassle dude in fact making it made it all the more enjoyable :)
and everyone understood, which is the most important thing about communication.

i think it was well chosen, :)
yep, i have always wanted to live in london and next year i'ma do it :) you got newcastle accent thn? xx
ahh hoodie on :) comfyy! nearly lunchtimee, then remember me time :)
i very much like the idea of a baby subconsciously absorbing mike patton as she grows up ^_^
fine thanks and you ? :)
i was just being cheeky of course :) mind u i've never tried a pro
i missssssssss uuuuuuuu :d mmmmmwwwwaaahhhh*!!!
thanks for the follow friday :-)
hey jennnnn :) how are you?
i love how you follow keep on following her :)
sure you can but do credit :d
"have an enjoyable easter break" guys! :)
welcome :d
hei ^_^ please tell matsuura-san that i thank him for supporting tvxq <3 #alwayskeepthefaith
the deadline is the 4th of april, so hurry if you have a q! :)
haing my hair died latterrrrr going brown :) hey im gonna be a brunette ;)
thanks :)
good morning :-)
the sky look so pretty up here,pink yellow orange and blue,with city lights and buildings,nice real nice :d
keep on following --->> :d
thats great. :) and im amazing. im kinda sick though. >< bleh. i love you more.<33
followed :d
you're welcome!! and thanks!! :d i'm looking forward to reading your tweets =]
raar. my sister's are beating eachother up :)
<--- pls subscribe <3 tell me if you do and i will give u a huge shoutout :)
thanks :d
thank you :) it made me smile to see my name on the mailer <3
please, help meeeeee :d
go follow :)
right gonna try find out how to get about 1000 maneiac tshirts :) ill holla at yah later but if u tweet me suttin nice u may get a dm peace
thanks, maria!! :) happy easter to you too...hope you're having fun in corry!!
haha.. couldn't see it! but that's cool! :d
thanks man! first time that i will be making it and you go and rub it in my face. also that tweet may give the wrong idea! :)
you gotta force yourself to stay up during the day so that by the time you hit the sack at night you'll be exhausted. run! :-)
*hides! you mean like the virtual slap about to come your way :-)
off out bye :)
think i need a fluffy lil romance now to make me feel better.. hope floats it is. a bit of sandy b and harry connick jr :)
woah, thank you, tasya :)
i can c the conscripts smiling :d #egyworkers
#free #shoreditch #eastersunday st/7:30pm-11pm/raff djin 80s-90s-soul-rnb-disco/amazin cocktails :)
less than an hour to trend #501carrotsformal. hope you can join us :)
looks good, but your missing someone in the press room section :)
q:what kinda movies do you watchh? :d a:usually sci-fi / fantasy or some random crap ... ...
who says that i don't have a gf? :)
:)) just reading a fanfic & twitter :) how about you?
lets try and get 100+ beliebers to this :) #biebertunes
oooo!! awesome i'm seeing them at the 02 :) x
haha the same! and yeh it tastes good :)
5 for 5 anyone ?!?!?!?!?! :)
lets try and get 100+ beliebers to this :) #biebertunes
if you want me to follow you! =)
i've never been, haha. i've been to thorpe park lots of times but i'm still not sick of it. :)
hahaaa, ofcorse :)
do you have me on facebook?
carluccio's good for breakfast. forgot book so have been *forced* to buy another jasper fforde novel :d
i follow them :)
happy easter everyone! hope you'll enjoy it with friends and/or family and good food! :)
ladiessss we starting this morning rightttttt :)
i'm great as well thanks :) how is your day going?
#jemi beats any couple,#delena beats any friendships,#jb (justin&jonas) rule the world :) #miam is new couple what a cool world :)
i will dm you the details :d
bah i was enjoying being the only right person in the world! :-)
a better url shortener for these links :)
did u see lloyd last night? how was he? :) (@amyyoshi live on
woo ando is a real speedy person .. i didnt see her play yet :)
ye reli good thanks hun :) xx
ok...coast is mom clear :d
consider yourself texted my me :d
ahahah it'll be funn :) lmao i dont even know if i can enter :(
about to go to town, you? :) xx
listening to beat made for me, i'm gonna start writing the lyrics sometime this week :) #fb
afternoon eric, let's hope we catch something other than a runny nose :)
i want :)
forget the past that made you cry and focus on your present that completes your life. :)
lets try and get 100+ beliebers to this :) #biebertunes
thank you :d and i adore demi ; she's a great singer :)
sexier than anyone :)
#alwayskeepthefaith!! :d
bout to skype w/ my lil sis in parkslope,bk. :)
"a little more talib less jay z" love it! :d
i'm gonna spam you a bit now with news. sorry guys! you can it if you want to :)
makasih don :) cantiiiik
playing ghostbusters on the mega drive, 1990 classic :)
yeaaah :)
yepss i think sooo :) ill let u know by tomorrow. where is it? chaddy? and what time?
sry guys for the late reply i was eating a hot dog :d
#tna is on tonight. :)
the mixes are awesome tonight! :d
haha :d you might have to wait till he is on twitter though :) x
webcam pictures :)
thanks for the ff and kind words!! :)
looking forward to the big game! and the fight tonight, should be a good days sport :)
:) if i'm successful, you are welcome tomorrow! :)
don't forget, daylight spending starts tomorrow. the curtains will fade and the cows won't be happy. but at least you will be on qld time :)
(i did attempt to fix our last tv, while my wife laughed at me, then got angry, and then finally ordered me to the shop to buy one :)
im bored and hungry as booty . gonna make something to eat , bbl :)
waiting for the premiere of "pacific" miniseries on hbo, can't hardly wait :)
out. haha. byeeee :)
hey, is following you? :)
the ladies of are participating in the #dressforsuccess run this morning at #gatech. pics to follow! :)
if you are up for a healthy challenge to lose weight, please click the link on the right and contact us! =)
i like to play my bongos in the morrrning. :)
agree. and was very surprised to find it in tap in a pub in newcastle uk recently :-) a worthy us beer export!
bon anniversaire nene, have a blessed one lady :) you'll get your gift when you land here...lol
i'm intrigued! as long as he doesn't look or act like an idiot, lol... :)
meee :d !!!
rt: chelsea v. man u ....> prediction • 2-1 chelsea to win :) < i hope so!...> joke is i'm an arsenal supporter
6,806 but haha u don't have to do it :) <3
twitter was boring yday lol :)
2 days left for my birthday :d
lol i hope so too..i'm looking some trini style curry crab and dumpling... :-)
yep i baught it :) it's like canabalt but on japanese drugs :d
