hey i miss ur tweets, i havent been here the same time as you in a long time.. and really lookin forward to ur sweden visit :)
did i miss that memo? : )
i'm fine too :)
same :)) thanks for the shouties :d
morning ! how r u guys ? is everything okay ? :)
thank you for asking though! very kind of you :)
in a happy mood today :d
i think dc looks good in it....that's bad isn't it!! :)
= he looks cooler than he's ever done. ha
baby i'll dance in the dark ! :d
haha..well they're probably mostly people me or my mum know but it's a nice number :) happy easter leanne!
good morning/afternoon tweethearts =) how are we all? up to make a fry-up and watch chelsea move towards the title...
blimey, thanks!! i'm not it's just good to do a bit of exploring. i think you'll have fun :)
#ff and happy easter! :)
he!! =)
happy doctor who day! :d
cute name :) how old are u?
awesome. :d have you read the books?
bleh nothing much im just fricken bored i think im gonna make a page on wikipedia about myself :d
hey motherfuckers :) ily
no sweetheart! it's absolutely fine, i cannnot copyright any title neither i want to! :)
thank you for #ff :)
next 5 people to follow will get 5 followers in return , tell me when you followed them :d x
yeahh just any pictures, posters or short video's of him :)
up! about to get hooked up by hairistabyebony :)
i have to go! bye i love you super bestie! you know what :) ;p
you had me at chocolate lava muffins. :)
lol really? :) heyy lol
taking a small break :) before a lot of work :)
tara!! pag tinayo na ang sm save more sa salitran, let's do franchise.. i have contacts!! :d
hi i am followin u :-)
how's ur film going?? i want 2 take another writers class. i want 2 b in times&charges agin 2 :) filming in me 2day
i can't remember! will have to go back but think it was about sample cards... :-)
well that was a nice morning, lie in and a visit to the gym. time to spoil is all by heading to elland road :) #twitterwhites #lufc
q:i bet i can kick your ass in basketball. :) a:bring it!
can you please follow .. that acc is owned by me and 2 my friends.. :)
thanks for the follow :)
like a month ago i lost my 5 gum &+ i couldnt find it .... but now i did :d
have a blessed day :)
its ok babe :d i know your trying your hardest! and it will sometime haha :) xx
thanks to infolimit.a :)
same here :) i'm sick and i dont feel so hot today :p
yes i did!! that's awesome! :d
haha lol thanks :)
nice. 1st week being 21 n u already a pussy? ahh decided to stay in tonight, rest up for this weekend :)
and ... no teasing, just wishing i was mingling with y'all full time.. miss ya.. :)
please can you follow me back? :d
my late #followfriday :)
يا عم يا عم .. يا ريتني كنت معاهم :d good morning, getting ready for the #installfest & #cairotweetup
yep, like a kid waiting for santa's arrival, wondering if christmas day will ever be here. :) ...can't sleep, just waiting.
that's going to take forever!!! bwhhahhaha :)
the joker ofcours :d
the betty dress is a large, i made a hat to match it too :)
don't worry about it :) i hope i helped rather than hindered :)
ff deuz << thx man :)
ditto! watching angel all day long whilst repairing a mate's pc and thats all here :)
please :)
where you performing in romford jess!? :-)
masssive shout outs dm 2 justin and listed follow her :d x
managed to grab a mid morning nap after a few chapters, how lovely to be lazy! good preparation for my night of drinks & dancing too :d #fb
listening to turn right makes me cry. listening to bbgood makes me laugh. listening to #jonasbrothers makes me ... me :)
thought i'd let ya guys know. :)
how was your night sexy? =)
i like the sound of easter mobiles! unfortunately i am in the depths of thesis writing but next easter i will be playing!! :-)
you mean, it needs broadband and wifi :)
afternoon :) might be just that :)
packing for new york....getting too excited. 2 more sleeps!!! =)
btw, u look a lot shorter...u should sit up more!! that's my mum comment of the day :-) back to duck pond...
am so happy right now !!! :d
awe i'll. thank you for trusting me :) ur welcome :)
ta, just goes to show, if you speak enough crap, eventually some will get noticed :)
:) hfjkdhgjkhvfjgk (translation: so do i!) lol :)
fine. just fine. » cool! :)
i was going to do it but i don't live in the uk... so i kind of thought it didn't fit me.. :) but if you think it might help i will
there's def. something slightly creepy about an abandoned website... and infuriating if you're after current info... :)
well as long it makes you happy, i guess it's succeeded! :)
ok thanks :)
exactly:) totally agreed... and for sure gorilla was his worst choice :)
thanks for the #ff!! :d
thanks :)
juul is in the phase where he talks a lot, unfortnately i dont speak "juul" yet :) #fb
thanks :)
follow these amazing people>>>>> <<<< go now :d x <3
<----- if you sign this i will list you 20 timess :) xxxx xx
followed follow back? :)
that's amazing! i'll post it on our site and cite you :d
don't say sorry :)
wow. thanks a lot. benar2 pencerahan. :)
lol. yeah. heavily modified external hard drives racing against each other :)
bonjour meagan :)
happy easter! :) let's thank our one and only saviour, jesus christ; as he sacrified and died for us on the cross. :d
lets make a date :-) then drive up to motorway to amsterdam, sober of course :)
wouldn't surprise me if they came up with an excuse but i won't buy from amazon until they adopt epub :)
omg degrassi the next generation is on bbc two ^_^ it's a good show!
going twitterati, can't see properly at all, will try some sleep, if not, a+e grrrrr :)
:) thanks for the wonderful wishes.. have a fantastic sat!
changed my bg {design} ; i didnt like the gaga bg anymore |: ill change it into a new gaga bg when i got my laptop bk! :) x
just been getting my followers up im at 2013 now :d
listening to the birds sing before the sun is up is so peaceful :)
listed you :) x
my mum brought me it so dont know hahaha :d x
25 more fans! :d im researching my biology essay + giving shouts,lets see if i can keep my focus :d
thanks for #ff :)
you can now sync your myspace and twitter status updates... took them long enough :) [yes, i still use myspace regularly... for music...]
i just look like a guy. a pretty guy but a guy ...even earrings dont help :)
aren't you in hong kong are something? :-) hay nako. send me a message! let's make kwento. :-d it's my mom's birthday tonight!
first 50 ipad buyers recieve a usb flesh light complimentary with purchase of apple care in london we will get apple pints :)
it'd be cool if smiths & waterstones release an ebook app... finally competition in the market :)
2 followers lagi dong please :-)
you know what i like about that, shannon had the last word wooot :d
follow now >>> >>>@miley4keeps >>>@jbsshawty_x >>>@blueybluetooth >>>@ohhayjenn >>>@jbs_love go guys they are awesom =)
ah thats good to hear! im good thanks :) how long you off to ireland for? x
good luck for the match today! i am rooting for chelsea! :d xxx
good morning! :d ¿cómo andan?
dinner at himalayan cafe.... again :)
oh well i'm gonna go now. watch nfl america's game then the footy :)
otw pulang, thanks to dan tante tarisa :)
i think we're both guilty. :)
going global? go to country: bangalore karnataka, india : ) she & so many would be so proud 2 have u there
the next 3 ppl who follow will get 2 shoutouts :d
i tried to be a bit more eclectic..inspired by you and don letts! :)
i guess that's why some people love going on vacations, in order to experience (what they think) "good weather cities" :-) #lp
gondolas? i'm walking next to the canal right now and all i see is ducks :d
thanks :)
me and leo my ickle bro throwing our bsup :) uksp for life!! :) x x
i can always try! i used to have a one piece, super cosy ski-bunny suit, in switzerland! :d heh.
oh i see :) where abouts in london were they going?  :) x
shoutout to <3 follow her or chuck norris will hunt you down and slap you with a fish. a tuna fish. :)
being taken for granted is a gift. no1son sent both grannies a mothering sunday card et moi? my pleasure was their delight :)
it's the day before the next 6 the first of those being sunday :-)
she aint lyin. i seen her! :d i don't make love. i fuck.. #imjustsaying
at last we agree on driver of the day! :d
morning deary! yep! :) it's almost sorted out still lots to do but getting there!
good morning! :)
cheers for the follow :)
you should get a coffee and take a break then shop :)
q:hey how are you now? :) a:good thanks
tadi gue abis ngebuka situs2 islami subhanallah keren2 banget :)
i hope you have fun :)
oh i'll vote for taylor :d! he's cuter than joe! xd! .... #youjustbeenjobrod xd! haha i'll vote for dj danger ofc :d
went to college in yarmouth (gy) so gonna visit the old cafe where we used to hang, maybe say hi to the daytona machine again :)
should be available everywhere :) it's supposed to be faster as i've heard..
hi there.. how r u? :)
can some of you guys give me a shoutout? i'll list you 10times if you do =)
have you? best come have a look! :)
happiness! spring is here to stay :-)
so i'm totally singing along!! really loud!!! belting it out!! :d
"it's hard being married to someone who works for the ever understanding :-) she loves it really
rt: if you like my profile picture! :)
catch ya tomorrow my friend...my eyes are drooping shut :)
mind you, need to check whether orthodox easter this year is the same as the catholic one :)
today i will be mainly...putting my cd collection back onto itunes, following the death of my last computer. then maybe baking. :d
bleh. i swear, im not letting anyone make me play guitar next term, just back to vocals for danni! :d
ahh no o.. i only had the "flying without wings" cover on gidilounge page :) :) yeah i have my stuff on
wow that's beautiful :d enjoy the trip my dear!
weegie accents are funny though :') and aye get some :)
ooh i've got that one in my stash! will have to bring it to the fore :-)
q:hey cantik banget sih kamu a:hey, makasih ya :) ini siapa?
i wish i knew hw 2 cook! :-( pasta is abt only dish i can do! :)
last year i was going to go on the london eye but i saw it and it was a big and i got too scared so i wouldn't go on it :)
omg baby is number 7 on aussie itunes thats the higest i've seen it! :)
if you want to get listed 10 times :) you have to be following me though :)
sure :) anything! xx
i'll probably try and get some sleep soon. have a great day at work. :)
i guess. latvians are craazzzy about hockey. they buy the most expensive tickets wait in lines for hours..crazy :d
ooh i has me an idea for the sats comp in the mailer (feat. will work on it laters :)
wassup ajaaaa? i tought u was following me? we shared so many tacos together...tought it should be a good reason huh? :)
hey sweetie :) going to make a twitter account to show my support for malese :)will let you know :)
each account can have scheduled expenses/revenues :-) #budgetapp
i followed youu :)
yup :) x
haha that rhymed :)
ivanovic is injured man thats y.. no choice :)
me want who wants to be listed? :) #biebertoindonesia
no worries, it's still open and closes monday it's an easter egg hunt on my blog :)
#jonasbrothers is a tt! :d they deserve it :) go jonas!! woot :p
undescribeable :d all i know is i love beyonce so much!
i'm fresh, i'm fly, i'm alwayz high, got your bitch wavin at me when i roll by :)
i see you i see you i see you :d
thanks for the recommendation. i'm mostly there for the beer festival, but we might have dinner while we're there. :)
looks like you had a fantastic night! happy birthday! < very :) thx guys
haha! i'll have to keep my eye out :)
the switch to bst hit you harder than most, huh? :)
thanks for the #ff :)
الكتاب ده عمل مشاكل كبيرة :)
is there a link ?
awhhhhhhh!! she is so beautiful!!! hope she had a great birthday!! =) xo
yihaa! lo udah, kantie udah, manda udah. tinggal gua :d short(er) hair! yihaaaa
check this video out -- joe mcelderry :)
esa is hereee :)
your welcome :)
good morning y'all :) enjoy your saturday
im watching deadly women now :)
omw to my cousin's wedding :dd <33333 just tweeting & listening to music ;** youuu hunny ?? <3333 :d
airport mania is better. try crazy birds! :) steel skies is also really good in the monkey island way..without the jokes :)
naw cuh that's hood :) hehe i travel the globe and yet i say f*ck the world.. #isthatmean
yesss! =)
this is emily atm! please follow me? :)
yea i know . look from your bg lol :) ya i love kris allen voice :) haha so can you follow me back?
not at all :) x
samesey i love panic room and adverteuland are my faves of just k-stew but ovb i <3 twilight saga :)
oh nice to meet u sina =)
