standing o for jacque jones! :) #twins
#ff thanks & have a great easter :d
and you were the one who was looking for one two days straight :)
went for a walk around the neighborhood. i think i found a gamers cafe, as i saw a big screen tv with someone playing halo! :d
:) im ur new follower!!! hii im doe
hahaha always around you too! she dropped dead again. :)
what will you be at ? mine will be at 4,580 :d
you're welcome. :)
green zebra are my favorite tomatoes! crossing our fingers our plant actually produces some. :)
we have been following each other for a while and havent exchanged one word :o!! hiiiyaa :d how are you?!
:-) i'm just remembering what a fun time i had on easter saturday last year. gosh, both easters involved interstate holidays.
yes it is. :)
thanks for the follow :)
i'll be saving too. we can each buy one piece and then trade :)
looks like sunny weather on the peninsula today! :-)
thank you! looking forward to many more visits. enjoying my current mayorship of the store :) #ff
thank you :-)
almost cracked and bought cigs today but nopppppe :) didnt do it! wooooohooooo!
maybe they hired her causee she was cheap ? lols jp :d you singing woulda been better than no jay sean . lol
ay u lost child :d
guess what, really likes ke$ha too... it's okay :)
signing off for tonight. remember to put your tray tables in the upright position before you depart. seeya in the morning! :)
i'm so excited to see "why did i get married too?" tonight! :-)
nice! thanks jonny :)
yay for and chatting on ab! :d [the bazaar is next friday! be there or be square! -k]
hope to c u tomorrow at the ipad launch! :-)
*licks lips* good :)
where i come from we pissed in toilets, not cookware :)
_ools_ totally rite :) amen to tat!!!
i'm giddy :) mark your calendars for april 14. it's gonna be a biiiggg silverado night at the gaht-den!
my coworker just said i'm a good girlfriend cuz i said i'd do anything asked me to do :)
hahah for reals :)
much thanks 4 #ff & right back ya! :)
i agree with that gonna need popcorn :)
:) hahaha how very true :)
sounds amazing. you guys desire it! not much tops whiskey and morning after stories :) #rockon
also, i went to hbo in new york, saw this :d
evening tweethearts! guess what? the easter bunny is comin' soon! :) xo
oh ive seen 'crush' like a bazillion times on the music channels today! love it! :)
☺ yes, thanks, west! :-) happy weekend to you! ✧
come on smallville, up streaming please, you will ease my headache and make me smile =)
can i just say i am a very proud boyfriend? my boo got a promotion today!!! :-)
my goal is 1,600 . shoutout for shoutout, please ? :)
thank u, packed! sunscreen! :)
watching my home boys krump. jizz your dope! =)
our lancaster, ca show is canceled tonight. sorry if u were headed here .. we will see u in hollister, ca tomorrow though!! :)
you can e-mail me fahimf at gmail dot com :)
*mmmuuuaaahhhzzzzz*<- *blushes* :-) wats up
your welcome, i understand! been there, done that. hang in there & keep ur head up :)
crossing my fingers to get my ipad on monday! :d
heyy :)
later on i will attempt to explain why starting a new country in this economy can be both cost effective and profitable :) tune in later!
q:yay! so when's your b-day? a:december 26th :)
okay :) imy until then .
one time (: it'll never get old ♥ hit the follow button of right now! goooooooo :)
lmfao thats exactly what i wrote :)
aw ok..i c yall soon..tell joe to send those tracks :)
you know i've just got a mean streak. wouldn't be riva without it. :-)
i guess it does... :) sucks i want spring weather
loving "i hope you find it" by #mileycyrus! :)
hell no lol i almost got caught up in the fence when i jumped over it. but im still in one piece. no scars or anything :)
thanks for the :)
wow, "architecture of learning" breaks into amazon's top 50,000! thanks, all :) #education wow bravo!
have fun! tell me how you like it :d
thanks for the suggestions everyone! i'm gonna go w/ suggestion- ruari!! :-)
haha, thanks! :-) i should celebrate my un-birthday more often...
welcome to the twitter addiction vera! is a superb follow :)
thanks! :)
you're so cute! no, sorry you're so hot! haha. you have such a good voice too & gorgeous accent! <3 :-) , x
you are welcome! :d
goodnight :) xx
jr's arms? hahahaha. :d
ok ! night night :) x
so when are you going to meet? now that we're twitter buddies and all :-)
lmbo no doubt :)
meeee!!! if you were here, i'd take you to the return of the living dead with me :d
i get to go spend the weekend w| my babymama ! :d she's very very sick & i'm gonna watch my goddaughter , kimberlyshay .
awesome, hi vanessa =) kyle your videos rock!! (#smtv live at )
#ff the cutie with a booty =)
everyone attack for :)
if oliver dies, you won't have to burry him in the backyard! :d
can a girl get a bigassglass-a-kendall up in here!?! ok maybe that's not my best idea o'the day.. blessed venusnight, lovelys.. :)
mt. fuji, japan. on the morning of my 100th day on orbit :-)
it is on may 22nd, an all-day-event (saturday). :) only 45 minutes from my apt.
watching daddy day care w/ my lil sis :) haha
"must get into the habit of thinking blog is my repository.." exactly. your archive, database, cv and face to world... :)
that's cool that the night is working so well :) makes it easier to live in a small place
haha here's another few :) :) :) :)
thats a good looking tandem : ) (#smtv live at )
aww no, glad you had a good time though. :) xx
im making tomorrow bitchslap a bieber hater day :) who's in? :)
lmao, thanks! :)
happy birthdaaay patty :) hope you have a wonderful daaay :) wish you u the best birthdaay(l) god bless xoxo
:d xoxo shouldn't you be sleeping lol?
tomorrow i'm going to alingsås to met one of my best friend :)
wshh videos make my day :-)
idk . i rt'ed that c/ i hear someone is tweeting abt me also. so i want my followers to tell me everything :)
soooo nice out! i really love it and wish it was here to stay :)
