ya, it's funny, right? :d
haha you wouldn't understand me then :)
hey, new follower :d
retweet if you want me to follow youu :)
sat on a bench so i don't have to look weird waiting for kathy for 10 mins :)
retweet this if you love the sun and the summer... :-)
on that point though, i always thought favourites were private :) thx for making me check :)
do i really want to do this? :d
ده إنت ال awesome :d
q:my name is louise (@xlouisebieber) i'm okay thanks :) i have no school today caus... a:aw..
oh lol! :d finished my first ipad app! i think it turned out great. get a sneak peak at
#nowplaying on the tv lily allen the fear :d
download you'll get free traffic & it makes twitter so much easier 2 use --> :)
i'm on crutches now. i'm uber tired. finally going 2 bed. goodnite! :)
if you enjoyed my quiz :)
yay, my uncles back from the army today :d
haha, okay...weird but okay :) <3
heeeey(: awww thankyou soo muuch :d i like urs too! i adore sel; shes so beautiful :)
playing #jonasbrothers music in honor of their trending topic. :)
textin' with my tsubasa ily :d
gah! they all gave me shouts,and gain 1 followers,only! lol :d i need around 27 more? :) :) :)
back on the laptop :)
2nd thought about ipad... i worked for apple for the past 5 years.... and i learned. to wait until the 2nd generation is released :)
i just emailed you a coupon of synotes for ipad for woz, if he wants any other syncode coupons let me know :) enjoy yourself
homework n homework until my parents decide to end my misery n take us out <3 that's cool :d i'm reading percy jackson :)
dd: sorry i've been busy shooting joe and demi d: do you want me to shoot bugs bunny for you? :d
wasssup? :)
q:blake says hi :) a:lol hey blake
thanks for !! =)
sakaaaa!!!i still woulda liked an invite :-) jk jk..but ima be there soon :-)>>lol dont worry mayn, i gochu!
#followfriday these tweeps add sunshine to your day :) thanks dear one:)
what a day! =) yes, but have to laugh about it don't we?! have an awesome easter weekend dear friend!
come and get some! there are 3 more bags of doritos left! :)
i'm pretty sure itunes plus was drm free before amazon. but it's not that important. i'm just saying apple isn't totally fascist. :)
so far it is just me showing up on the globe. visit my blog and it will automatically add you. :)
since i got you a tt, can i have a tweet :(? #grimesmemories :) x
yes it is!! =) its by me lol !!!! i love u so much too !! <3
morning justin :-)
any god in particular my good man? zeus had balls! :d
me too; after all these years! :) both of them made my night!!!! exactly what i wanted to here from both of them!!! #asot450
thanks ya :) follow ---> baik cantik ngga sombong sopan lagi udah cepet follow ngga usah mikir
ur my little sis =)
thanks so much for reading my blog. so glad you enjoyed it. :)
:d i h0pe he'll come here!
what do u say that hon :-)
thanks for the rtl!! =)
we must be cautious :-)
is following me back! how cool is that? :d haha.. <3
my parents know more about #jonasbrothers than about some of my friends :d
ahahahah, i shall leave that for the geniuses :)
q:will you always be fans of lucie and lloyd? a:yeahh always :) it's just gonna be harded to...
namaskaram, gk.... :)
if you want me to kill justin bieber haters ! haha ! :d
sent you something aim :d
unfollowers: thanks for unfollowing me, i hope u understand that i'll do the same, cause it's just fair!! :d
haha, okay :d so let's do 10 for 10. i'll be at 5.192, you? :d sorry, i'm hyper for some reason :p lmao :d <3
the sky isn't as bizzare as i thought :d
will there be an emotional reunion at the end? i do hope so :)
oooh, get me a very large do-nut please! :-)
i'm making my first ever list for jonas supporters! if you'd like to be in it :)
:) how're you?
my dog is a mental case :) lol
#jemi beats any couple,#delena beats any friendships,#jb (justin&jonas) rule the world :) #miam is new couple what a cool world :)
thanks. still don't know how to use git but i'll learn :)
awww haha! what time is it there? :)
csi makes my night complete :)
back soon, going to pick up my kitten... my baby's coming home! :d :d x
ohhh sounds nice! am gooder than a motherf*cker!! lol just in bed tweet tweet tweeting :) x
petty? ‹-- not all & you help when you tweet thoughtfully (^_~)-- true, but telling the truth helps more not 2 b fooled :)
hope you see your family soon :) i miss my family too when they're away and i'm off doing my thing.
just finished breakfast in bed, getting ready to think about getting ready to do "stuff" :)
sure i will :)
what sucks? #nosytweets :)
sunrise in #dc...it's great to be with my family :)
say hello to my new daughter :d 3d scan was fab :d #fb
i wondered what you meant by couple of town! lol :) ok, well you're a better man than me. i've never worn a god t-shirt.
#jonasbrothers :) i love 'em :)
special shoutout to :)
do you remember how you tweeted about how you are gay.. oh wait that was me :)
u can dm ? pls and tahnks fro followe dme yesterday :)
good morning kevin :-)
finished cooking pork binagoogan for tomorrow's easter lunch at the park. husband's baking brownies now as requested by our relatives. :)
are you getting an apple ipad? i hear 6abc is at the ardmore apple store . i know someone in line :)
if you enjoyed my quiz :)
spending the day at new smyrna beach. lesson learned(many times): sunscreen is a pale persons best friend. :d
whitebait fritters aka fish chips :)
follow my personal account ---> : )
:d but once the pandora's box is open you never know where things are gonna lead to. the bug can keep flying and flying
indeed, il definitely have to twitpic. :)
lol im not the cutest,prettiest person ever! end of story :)
fakebakeeee? :)
ny's finest, charlie chan and chicken wings coming upp :d
if you think #jonasbrothers should trend every day :)
hey manni :)
when you are online please read your dm! :d thankyou
love you, too! have a fabulous weekend :-)
if you're a european belieber :)
everyone should follow and becuase they are k cool! :d
aaww, she looks so cosy in there! it's like a little nest. :)
rob pattinson from twilight! #rememberme is his new film.. he is promotin all over the world! think that's ur tv spot :-)
