when is it? i hope justin does some sort of meet and greet there! that'd be incredible! :)
yeah :)
follow she did 2 more to 190 come guys follow her :)
:d :d thanks davey. lub u
haha! thank you for your #fs :d
shout out to >> :)
lmao! let dat baby sing!!!! :-)
#mileyforever still trying to get it on tt :)
=) alright love..
hey !!! <33 :)
ur welcome :)
okay, thnk youu!! :d <33
don't waste your cash :)
q:follow twitter ku ya a:oke entar ya :)
sugar and adhd make a fantastic combo! lots of exercise and lots of noise lol :d
hey izzziiiieeee :d i haven't talked to you in ages! howareya bb? x
;drt yippiee.. u too put.. :d selamat paskah smuanyaa ;)))
we've won the league :d
to all of you lovely tweeple who have feigned interest in my sea potatoes well done! :) they don't half stink, though.
asian jonas fans, get ready! we will invade the trending topics! we need your help :) pls? need some warm-ups? :d get online and be active!
awww oh alright save mi sum mommy :-)
noooot really... muslim you know but still we will celebrate a bit =)
been bad. meant to be saving up. have just bought a bowers and wilkins zeppelin mini instead. can't wait to get home and put the ipod on :)
sorry for reminding you then :)
follow ---> cuz shes super duper sweet :)
i do love jonas, just hs needs more supports. :)
i will try :)
#mileycyrus and #demilovato should make a song , a memi song :d <3
haha well said :) i pretty much love her
remember: the things that are seen are temporal-subject to change/time!!! (2cor4:18) :) we walk by the word of god! :)
back at number 4 :) #501carrotsformal :)
goooood morning! :d
brunch makes everything good :d
omg i love my birthday cake going to twitpic it now :)
:d im so bored ;p<3
anything but for real, don't assume too much okay? :)
hmmm...looks like there's plenty of dippers but i'm alone on the choice of banana... :d
hey bro, do u follow primer league? im a #arsenal man :d . you ??
... following you back and unfollow them if u want :)
thnx hun :) hast du gestern abend amarican pie geguckt :d:d #jonasbrothers
all looks well plays fine up to and beyond the real-life scod phew :) #oneandother
q:do you believe in luck? a:yup :)
on an adventure w/ :d (to get a tarp? haha)
"there were no fans, well there were lots of fans, but no like... fans" :)
laughing cow is so great on matzo, making passover even tastier :)
dear, can u hear us screaming #indonesianeedsdemi ?? :)
next person to follow gets justins skype. ill dm it to the winner :d
try to focus on the positives, thinking about the bad stuff will only get you down :-)
i thought i was your answer to everything?! :d
awesome job guys! you capture every moment! grateful to be in chctvm drama team. great crew, ads and producer. :)
im sendin a few to tha email planetcc posted :) you shud too your brill :)
threesome gitu? can i join? :d :( me too..yuk kt lama ga quality time berdua :p
threw away my license yesterday...figured it out on the ride to the airport. no other state id. only on this flight by the grace of god. :)
praising god for no rain this morning... reminds me of a song... i can see clearly now, the rain has gone :)
hope all goes well :-)
the boys are going to an auction & i'm going to he beach with my sister inlaw and youngest nephew :)
hey sis how are you :)
i´m so glad grandpa has a new dog! sure he can never ever be as cute as you :-)
this is the 8,000th tweet!! in germany i would say 'holla die waldfee' hahhahaa :d
yesterday was the best day of my life because justin followed mee :d<3 he acc went on my profile :)
ako nga, natulog mghapon. i've been very tired kse the past days. how's your holy week, btw? :)
hehe :)
bridge street. :) not a bad line.
haha. nothing, and you? :)
transition area! woo! i'm ready for the money shot :)
yes:) want? :) haha!
thanks. i hope that you too enjoyed your lunch :)
if justin makes you smile :) #ukwantsbieberback
shame they dont do inside leg over 33"...guess you are under 5'10" :) hurrah! i still fit m&s jeans!
i wonder how many health 2.0 europe attendees will be showing off brand new ipads :) (only if they've come from the u.s.) #health2eu
yes rina, we still love you koq! :)
special #shoutout 2 thnx 4 followin me :)
i´m so sorry to hear you are back to hospital. :( get well soon. :)
i am so grateful for the awesome clouds & beautiful mtns. this morning. :-)
i am so grateful for the awesome clouds & beautiful mtns. this morning. :-)
i am so grateful for the awesome clouds & beautiful mtns. this morning. :-)
i am so grateful for the awesome clouds & beautiful mtns. this morning. :-)
we're just back from a uk tour, but we're trying to get back for summer festivals, fingers crossed! hope to see you then :) x
i'm in a very loving mood today so i just wanted to say to all my followers..... i love you =)
what? :)
yesssssssss you did and i thank you so so much! whatever you need, ever, you ask me! im soo happy! tht's y the caps :) :d -tay
ooh, i saw the blossoms on the news the other night so pretty! :-)
yea that would be amazing :) xx
so what r u listenin to ? :) well now im in poland. ;) and youu? where r u from? = )
next person to follow gets justins skype. ill dm it to the winner :)
aw thank you =)
ok ok i thought you were just a fan sorry =)
yes please :) xxx
how cute.. my little sister imed me in facebook chat just to say that she misses me already and to say good night too! :)
maybe it makes me lovey xd and nothing much, you :)
i'm great thanks,just tweeting and eating(lol) :d hbu?
no, and their support is pretty good :)
i hope you wrote it down. :)
"#isthataproblem if i ♥ to tweet until i win the apple #ipad from #123rf.com?""nope, i just want to know the rules before i tweet." :)
...and time to cruise off to church for the midnight service. i'm telling you... nothing...absolutely nothing beats the smell of easter. :)
still editing. :)
okay! i'll see you down there later! :)
6.73 miles way to go! sounds like a half marathon might be in someones future :)
up early about to hit the road :)
follow--> <-- if you're a belieber, go rape the folloow button! :)
