155 followers neeededd too folllow :d xxx
6am. time for bed. i'm getting my 1/2 sleeve tattoo finished tomorrow. :d
great patriot thank you :-)
follow these amazing people! >>>@hollybieberx :) <3
if justin makes you smile :) #welovesteph
heya. :) how are you?
oh thankyou! we didn't even plan it hahaha :d
i find it yaay give it to me :)
i need 2 more followers so i could get 880 :) please?
ahah! did this for me :d
hey girl! im bout to send sum heat to micheal michel for you :) i produced #sayaah
thanks :) followers, udah follow belum? kalo belum ayo cepetan deh :)
hey u should check this site to know who unfollow u :d
duuude, i have leave once again :/ i'll be on allll latterr. :) byeee, love you <3
time off from twitter. until later :)
found my dream glasses and sunglasses :) or rather 8)
if you want a shoutout! :)
thanks! you didn't catch it so fast this time eh? :d anyway, if you're attending tmr's svc, get ready to sing along! haha
i'm going to take a nap. text or dm me :)
i think it should arrive no later than friday. :)
thanks, will check them out i normally go with happy to compare :)
was in math class and a equation came to mind..... me + u = luv :d
refollow me please? :)
good morning :)
#jonasbrothers ... i can this all day long without being bored.. :)
we buy the ham at an asian grocer. it is from taiwan and it's main ingredient is soy beans. we like it. :)
i wonder if the in-house development units had that feature locked on? :-)
haha me too :d
des-tin-yyyyyyyy......happy birthday to youuu!! happy birfday lil fam! luv ya :)
jamie redknapp is in the studio for the man utd v chelsea game :d
thanks! prayers for sanity are appreciated. :)
thanks for the shoutout :d ! love you all!
agreed. blah. how are you? :)
hey guys, tis here. :)
10 of you follow :)
have you downloaded the pudding from www.fdmofficial.com by please :)
just this one friend of mine ... if i decide to go la. quite productive ! i boguht my converse shoes :d hehehehe
oh wow, it's amazing! stop by an apple store and they'll show you :)
massive shout out go follow :d x
thanks :d i finished it last night... it was fun to draw!
you haven't closed yet, there a some nice houses in virginia :) i have a 4 bedroom for sale lol
i just changed the wreckage twitter account to the new name, one less thing i have to do lol :)
thank you again, erg interessant ik ga hem volgen! :)
happy anniversary to you and kate. seems like it was only yesterday :)
i'm not matching at all today : ) !! (dreamers snap back x dweeb tee x 's x nike dunks)
glad u had a good time out :) i've got 2 eggs so far haha, have a good weekend all ov you , love you all millions xxxxxxxxxxxxx
i see some japanese people waiting for the ipad, as well as asian tv press :)
umm i suppose so yeah hahaa doesnt everyone :)
sorry to hear that, get well soon. too bad about the weather, it will spoil the fun. take care :)
#happyybirthday hunn :)
thank uuuuu. doain ya. salam persahabatan :)
too sweet...thanks! have a great weekend! :)
wooot! wordpress is now merged with mu! :) ..i'm no admin anymore, i'm super admin! :d
man, i think i wanna have another baby...pregnancy is such a beautiful experience. :-) it's just that pushing is a motherfu....lml
just tweeting and online on msn =) hehe what about u? have a msn ?
thank you :) -tay
jason's a good name too. common like mine. :)
in nando's with yogii. extra hot sauce. joining us, tony? :d
just spent 3 hrs tidying up the closets in my bedroom and i'm really glad it's done now :)
20 more days til my wedding day... wowsers still can't believe i'm gettin' merrrrried! ha rsvp peeps & i would luv u to be there :)
yaaaaaay come!!!!!! let's go dammit :)
fingers crossed :)
downloading new ebooks to my phone :d
jeg er åpen for forslag :-)
well, im really bored. but fine. ;) btw whats your name? :)
:) "i enjoy being a girl. . . " love this! also featuring:
rick, you need to come visit toronto… cellar here is full of kistler chard and pinot including the cuvées :)
thanks for the shoutouts & love! have a great day! :-)
i wish you online again :)
thanks for the shout! :)
go follow she's cool<3 :)
thank you so much mate :)
good morning : )
our sexy charisma :) my artwork! #501carrotsformal
nearly done shopping! just gonna hit footasylum again and buy another #starinthehood garm :)
i really aaaaaam *sceaming* haha :d you are rooooock with scream wkwkwkwkwkw
well mine made it easy, he wanted a new tackle box & some fishing stuff :) it works for me!
but i'm central time... we'll see i guess. i should mention i'm getting this for not for me :)
machan,in my defense,i saw the last 4 overs of the match which of course included his 100 :)
lol... gue mah liverpool all the way :)
ok i'm gonna make some noise out of it :)
yes is following me :) #spam #fail #bye
the easter bunny delivered and the boys were happy :)
*bear hug* for you :)
oke udah :d followback boleh kali sesama fans jonas :d
haha it's just my nickname for him :)
my old man said be a man u fan... i said fuck off, bollox, you're a cunt!!!! :)
check your dms :)
yay!!! you too with csk today. i like :)
i wont be seeing it till tomorrow :( i'm at dad's tonight any my family don't watch it. the dvr has been set tho :)
guddmorninqq twitterrr :)
aww what a cool mom! i actually have my kiddos baskets done too!..cuz we are #badass mommies! =)
superb twitter work by you and mike on behalf of ups. kudos! baking fresh bread to give my ups delivery man/woman today. :)
mr. unfollowr i would like to get my dms :)
thank you have a lovely time too :)
i might be heading there too marsh ;) :d going to salihara for sarimanouk quartet. bet it's going to be a quality jazz nite
formspring me :) all topics are allowed
#nowplaying still i rise i cry when i hear this song. it's so real :) this is like my antthem * tears *
use bulk unfollow to unfollow tweeps who don't follow you back! it strangely cleanses your spirit :)
shoutout for shoutout peeps :) if you want me to #biebertoindonesia
10 for 10? :d
owh. thanks :d
i see. always v flattering, but ultimately pointless :) i never do ff: think nearly everyone i follow's awesome, hence following :)
im not in mood to do goal for goal im so sorry. pls understand. thx :)
cool im going to that thing tomorrow haha :) so tell me more cause im still bored haha
yeah you don't discriminate when i give you your samoan mammograms huh? :)
is going to watch click :)
happy easter everybodyyyy!!!! and he shall reign forever and ever!!! :d
subscribe for new vid on its way pls :)
awwww happy birthday!!!!! blessings to you!!! :)
wow, 2 more followers till our goal!!!!!!!!!!! :d shoutouts for shoutouts pleaseeee!!!! :d
ughhh you rickrolled me :( lol but didnt see that coming :)
i want to be his favorite hello and his hardest goodbye.. :)
:d<3 luckyyy . this day i have just been on twitter & watched disney channel :d and i can´t go out cause it´s raining -.-
thanks for the :)
all rich looks at on the tintaweb is wood burning stoves, complete dickens and other such stuff he'll never even buy lol :)
thanks for your help anyway :) #indonesianeedsdemi
ipad is here #igagets :-)
happy birthday to my wife, ! :)
hahaha :d no problem follow me please.
how are you :)
yeah why not? =) i almost considered but decided not to.
he's here :d
well yeah we do celebrate it! but not the same way you do.. you really talked to a muslim dude? that's awesome haha :d
your mate gauti in top form in the hindustan times :-)
"relax, you are absolutely unique just like everyone else" :-) <<perfect!
ok i added u ms =)
thanks :) follow nih --> sekarang!
obsessed miley cyrus. first 3! :) -->
signing off from #tedxmumbai hope u enjoyed the tweets. :)
hey you, thanks for the #ff :)
at 8:42pm trending 3rd! :d #501carrotsformal. hope we see you soon again and the rest of the boys!
good day to you ♥❀♥(((@spiritali)))♥❀♥ much love :-)
main character :) thanks! i hope you have a great weekend.
i'm kinda addicted to mini eggs :)
thank you for you r pray !! :d #np apaan deh ? gue ga dngr ? oke...semoga berhasil
would it be okay if i added you on facebook hun ?x :)
thanks...n wishes of good health in abundance be upon u! :)
yea i love it also! :)
hallow... masa siy?.. :) alow kk.. apa kabur? :d agy sbug apa ni? aii g pernah bls twittq eh :(
went shopping today! bought 10 tops for less than 1.3k. not bad huh. :)
no probs. cuma reminder aja kok. hehe. and thank youuuu udah di delete :) <3
the boyfriend is out partying and i just want him to get home safely. that's all. :) i think i worry too much. haha.
happy birthday friend. i'm sure it's already memorable :)
will do! you all have a lovely afternoon too! :) xxx
heyyyy, thank you! happy easter to you and your familyy :)
wow, 2 more followers till our goal!!!!!!!!!!! :d shoutouts for shoutouts pleaseeee!!!! :d
aww thanks sweetie :) i got more on my facebook add me shani maybir :d
lol <flails> thank you dapper dan for the :-)
thank you :) i'm making a demi one now :)
i want to be baby :)
good! :) wat you upto?
lol! that's awesome will! the network needs to say the term more often :-)
thank u so much!!!!!! i feel better now :d
go for it :)
thanks :)
:o asiff.. type it in youtube :) jls remix kardinal beats feat. mr damz xxx
#follow >>> hello are you feeling better? #happyeaster :)
<< greets 2 :) -oo-
totally agree : ) which one was the worst according to u?
visit the yellow crane pagoda, really nice place :-)
thank u :)
heyy♥ i love your icon <33 :)
let me know when that brew is ready and i'll help you taste-test it :)
he whispered it to obama as he was about to take the podium. the mic picked it up. :)
just finished my oxygen facial at bioessence west ave...thanks bioessence!! bugbog mukha ko pero at least malinis na ulet :-)
hi diana! it's been a while, how are you? did you get your seat assignments for tpa/wpb...is it summer yet :)
more b's more badassery :)
bahahaha so where are you from? :)
follow for interesting tt tweets ^_^
guys you should sign this this girl is real nice and deserves it :)
if you want a shoutout! :)
goodnight ppl :) luv ya'll :)
now, they're gone. and i can just go hanging out. let's have some fun things twighty! :-)
thank yoou :d
awsomeee :)
i wont be on today until it turns midnight tonight then it will be my birthday :) so see you all midnight tonight xoxo cassie :))
fankyou! i will do :)
yep. going to try and get to the beach today :) (via beach sounds like fun =0) don't get burned!
play pokemon soulsilver with me! :)
yeah right! :) #indonesianeedsdemi
taylor swift's no. 1 fan in indonesia :d i cant live w/o ts! i love you #indowantstswift!
happy easter everybody.. =)
work then last song. so excited :d. i think it might see it 2 more times today :d :d
que fue eso? lol. thanks. despite what you just told me i hope you have great day too. :)
cute background :) i like it ♥
not farewell, just adieu :)
hopefully tomorrow! just whenever we make them haha :)
o2 contract ended and they let you officially unlock :)
hello! :d haha yes it has been :( how have ya been hun? :d
thank you so much :-)
ipad not trending here or in chicago area. :d i'll wait for the 3g version anyway. :d
ok, i won't. =)
n i got used in twitter with you on all the time n both of us chattin like this :d i can't think of twitter without yooh!
im swimming in 5 individual races and a relay on the 1st :)
we're behind you gail! i'll be waving at you :)
welcome back! love the new logo =)
no probleem :)
hehe, become a developer and get it yourself :)
#online (again) :)
