thanks :)
yes :)
good morning everyone! happy holidays : ) sup!
follow me pls :)
aww i'm glad it's bringing back good memories for you :) i only ever did easter egg hunts in the brownies lol
got new aim, so ask me :)
i love the way you dissect your pie to show us lol.....nice one :)
ⓨⓞⓤ ⓢⓗⓞⓤⓛⓓ ⓕⓞⓛⓛⓞⓦ ~~~~> :d
poda :) .. thx though
heeey lauren can i have a shout out please :d
:-) nieuwe #ava. thanks to :-)
that sounds great! sorry i didn't get a chance to catch up at twestival. i left a bit early! thanks for joining in! :)
it's ipad day today in the us! let me know if you get one :)
i'm looking at hotels in san diego and las vegas any recommendations? :-)
its beccy atm :)
awwwww that is so cool. i used to do all of that stuff when i was younger kinda fell outta it. not by choice though... =)
i just created a poll: "who is prettier ? :) " you should vote:
good morning to you, just got home last night how are you :-)
hell ya... but will he listen to ya... he is a stubborn one u know... =)
berba with another header... he deserves a goal. or two in this case :)
haha yeah :) i think i will go anywaay lol
what side are you on or don't you care :)
if he dnt text me bac; its qoinq down =) <===== thirsty lol
we asians need a #jonasasiantour. dear do listen to our plea :)
succinctly put. i use facebook for the people i know. i use twitter for the people i wish i knew :)
yep,aku masih bengkel,peliket,belom mandi...abis ini ke giant,makan nasgor langganan trus pulang,nntn dvd2..sounds perfect :)
satnite with my cuider friends :d lg apa ? gk mlam mngguan ?
kangas will be 15-16th this year...watched the 1st half. dismal!! :)
i'd like to know about donghae's religion :)
thank-you for the #ff :-)
got it thx yah. c u on dancefloor :) already dm u dear! see u tonight :) (cont)
ah yeah of course i remember now, goldfish have better memories than me some days lol :-)
could u follow me if ur not already ? wanna have more beliebers :)
these two women are amazing girls. :-) fantastic night last night! so many stories lol!!!
thank you so much! :)
please follow us & we are a youth organization in the states our main mission: to help less fortunate kids in the p.i. =)
thank you. i hope you do as well. :)
it does, for apps, i think. not for people. :)
i just did. i clicked on the link, gave your page rank a boost! enjoy your day :)
thanks :) :)
ah, dobri stari pračet :d "in the beginning there was nothing, which exploded." ~ terry pratchett
if youre a teenage belieber :)
don't get in trouble might have to have you on for woman #xcon :) new show on 2nd chances for #excons<#embarassed
enjoy your unplugged day! :)
totally understand. :)
congrats, justin! proud owner of a 32gb #ipad :)
i knew disney was scary :)
that's great, and i'll check it out. but i was asking about a specific program, for a specific reason :) thanks, tho
i love justin&cobra :)
phew :)
it's official we have the #ipad. opening at 10am today :)
...college that i will be going yesterday, so i'm so excited! i didn't realize how great the campus is! college here i come! :)
new #webscape now online : check-ins, chatterboxes & chinese films :) happy easter tweeple.
seen "allo allo" and familiar with bel (and nl) pov on the "big 3" :) i luv all #eu countries but i luv mid + small ones more!
presents 'mad thrills' 10th april zirca! drop me a msg on facebook for a guestlist now! pls help retweet! =)
don't let it get to you. try getting them to follow you again? think positive & keep your chin up. :-)
yeah i myt take ur advice too seriously lol germany's always been1 of the places i wanted 2travel to =) where do u live there btw?
morning! yes! and can you make a cup of sleep too? :-)
thanks for the retweet :)
want me to dm justin for u or shoutouts? :)
:) mmm, is making me extra sleepy ~.~
at least i am not the last person in the non reserve line at the apple store! :) #fb
q:eh follow back gue dong :d a:k
yep. great bands. :) \m/
great! now i want to make such a pretty map like you did for berlin. ui really basic, but that's ok :-)
and shud be the only females tweeting bout footy the rest r fake! < and lol =)
he's amazing- i feel honored that he's my dads brother! if u ever want the voice of a cypriot girl in the city, i'm a writer :)
good morning, delaware! =)
same ppl obssessed with sherbano taseer /daily times (sometimes hard to tell which one they want more) & iman ali :) lol
:) first tweet from the ipad.
in aspen, making big breakfast and crazy excited about first day of skiing at snowmass! joe has been up and ready since 6 am :)
:) :) she's getting so big... i really thought it might never happen
internet's back! hurray! =)
chicken stripes + nasi goreng + peach melba bali :) love it #fb
time for a shower. it's 12:08am. :)
hey, could you tell your followers about the mcfly videos i'm putting together? :)
today is not april 1st. :-)
thank you kindly :-)
if you want free shoutout (must be following me) :)
awww, can i comesee the bay later? oh, and garrett too? :)
i just took "a real life justin bieber love story! (part 4)" and got: :d read below...! try it:
thanks for shoutout :)
♥❀♥@pers0nar♥❀♥ was my pleasure p, got your page book marked..always loved your music..have a great easter dear old friend, love to you :-)
awesome. if they are truly great then i will have you pick some up and send them to me :d
please follow .. she will follow back :d
on a 'phone keyboard it's definitely "resume." or... cv. :-) does wikipaedia.com redirect you?
thanx for ff.. now following you! :d
huahahah..melly goeslaw akhrnya masuk twitterworld!tp msh bingung nulisnya gmn :) ayoo dukung melly msk twiter :) ayo the mel..pst bisa :)
thaaank you :d xx
nah, i'll saunter in once lines die down and pick one up, much like my first iphone. if they run out, i can wait :)
if youre a teenage belieber :)
hahaah thanks christine! :) love ya much:)
yeah. right. well in 7 days, you'd think of me as the nicest person ever :)
just copied and pasted it :)
gotcha now! :) lol.... was wondering.... a bit stressed atm ;)
preeet!!jewer ya lo bang!!rt heh..?masa? saya skedar diaz..,fans berat imeyliem dr dl :) (cont)
ha... did look kinda cool.... just snappin what i see , using my trusty little bb storm :)
sitting here waiting on my apple ipad review unit to arrive. oh wait... :-)
apple ice tea gaya hidup loewy :)
what do i need to do ? :)
:) thanksss <3
music to plant seeds by :)
could u follow me if ur not already ? wanna have more beliebers :)
finally going home after a week, looking forward to paris soon :)
it is a good day to meet friends and catch a thief. : ) it is a bad day for marriage, buy property, travel &...
yeaa its okay :)
hey :) thanks! i was searching about the song "everlasting road" but couldn't found it :\ and utube don't work here!
the sound we are creating is unreal!!! gonna literally tear people apart! cant wait for you lot to hear it! :) x
when u come back then follow me pls =) thx
thats awesome! tell him to put in a good word with letterman :)
hi #bandariabji :d
im doing good 'coz last night replied to my tweet :)
music mood: dj booya sometimes (original mix) :)
enjoying spring break......hope you are having a great easter weekend :)
ouch! that hurts! hahaha :) i need a movie buddy. i miss emily bean of syracuse ny, not to be (cont)
:great now that she is doing pt everyday. amazing how important walking & moving is for your mind & body! tks 4 asking :-)
good morning to you, too! :)
morning morning to you to :-)
omg up so early and again such a beautiful sunny day in montreal :-)
oh how i wish i could go there :( btw wktu #c3 yg promag, kan isi email di form, kok gak kirim email notifikasi kl ada acara? :)
good morning everyone! :)
taking on one of my buds, should be fun :)
ach hör grad #donots & jaa alles grad tollig :)
myrt!!! great to see you there!! love the new logo..and obama :-) you're a gem to have in my twitter world. cindy
i misschu! i'm coming home!!! :)
woooow i love ur bg who made it? ^_^
is assembling his rolling tea party signs right now :) he can't win the prize tho-that wouldn't
justin bieber background 1 :)
if you want me to list you. : )
& the album your listening to is insane, i love it : )
:) yeah, that's a pretty compelling argument for the wcf approach.
happy bday, chef. have a wonderful day! :)
you're very welcome. :-)
ask me anything about me!! :) ask me anything
what should i do before laser quest? :)
his singing voice :)
could use a nap now :d
my body feels beat up too this morning... you're feelin better :)
hehe it is prettty awsome. i love it here :) but i'm sure where you live is great too!
tell him he has major make up to his nova scotia gal tracey =)
haha yeah =)
thanks :)
oh ..but tell me that my magic worked? :) ..btw now im going out to take some pics for and ireport weekly assignment: ) bye jim
thanks for the rtl!! =)
coco cola with 9 ice cubes :) < is there even any coke in the glass then? lol
ahhh might me able to come with me today :) :)
this new beta leak of twitter for blackberry isn't half bad :d ..but still not as sexy as my lovely twe...
touched down safely in glasgow! :) xoxo
i tried them, i can't find one. but i already listed, so i'll just give you 2 shouties :d
hahaha! • oi don't hate... just appreciate the beauty :)
yes! i'm excited for you to get your hair done :) what are you doing to it?
good morning, ryan! have a good day =)
awhh :) do you like it? :d
hey :d how are you, i missed you.
follow me thanks :)
anything. :-)
tune into hardrockradiolive.com with dj speedking. from will be live with him at 4pm :)
from thenewmediadiva.com: just when i was feeling unsure about my german... <-- :)
yes see you later :d xxx
eh i thought you gone already? :)
i listen to #jonasbrothers everyday :)
sure! :) whats youre goal?
as of 6:42 am my ipad is just 100 miles away :) west columbia, sc, us 04/03/2010	6:42 a.m. departure scan #nerd
soooo i think ima be in tropical tonight =) « smh
kobo stopped at us immigration. appears we don't have geo-rights in us : )
aww thank you :) !
noooo not at all, but at least they are advertising safety features here in the region :-)
yeay! thank u all 4 making it 2 #klpillowfight. any1 & every1 who was there! ra's has come a long way. well done kl. :)
i will trade you my ipod touch for your ipad. it does all the same stuff but it fits in your pocket! :)
relaxing by the pool :)
#welovetaylor because we are fearless! just like her :)
oh. anyway tomorrow is easter sunday! :d
cuz i'm a strong believer of pure love=teamwork=sucess in everything :) very nice :)
.@mdcurry just one. :d i'm saving my money to get a shitton of idrm, er, i mean, iapps.
compared to all of justin gayber's fans, the #jonasbrothers fans are all like family. we don't break out fights, we gives hugs instead. :)
the kid's birthday party is today! he's still at the age where friends are cousins. so not too many rugrats running all over the place :)
your very welcome, anytime :-) xx
thanks for the ff :)
happy birthday jungmin #501carrotsformal :d
all justin hater have a look at trending topics :) jee bhar ke dekho phir aisa mauka ho na ho
anyone wants to talk ? :d
i'm fine :d haha how's the weather in canada? i wish i could be there now.. :( rofl i miss you shelby :/ not cool :/
to beem :d e você??
follow me thanks :)
good morning sexies uglies too :)
the cage :) lotsa toys
nice to meet u! looking 4ward to interracting :)
i hope it's quiet (but profitable) morning for you then. :)
follow them --> <--- thanks :)
so happy. last night was amazing. :) thanks john
tell me something funny and i'll give u a solo shoutie :)
even better :-) how's the back today?
you're always welcome. :-)
i am wonderful, i will go read, have a blessed easter weekend. :-)
thanks , :) <3
goodmorning! ah such a nice day out :) maybe tanning quickly then work! so weird to say that. but wicke pumped!!
is that your boify? haha :) i miss this
could u follow me if ur not already ? wanna have more beliebers :)
perhaps an 80's non-horror binge is in order? this is starting to sound like a plan! :d back to the future trilogy... here i come... perhaps
in my world that is definitely the word! :)
