i want shouts :d
happy birthday lil but..umm any pasta and shrimp leftover? lol :)
oh my god could you imagine the wulf trying to keep me and the gooner under control? happy days :-) xx
good morning! happy easter!<<thank you! :)
don't feel so lonely dear.. coz you're not alone. u still hv me :)
*moms* having a challenging day? this article will help :-) #tyf
we can all united people....calm down.... we got this :)
aye sup man lol yes i am crazy :) i admit it
yum. love wagamama :) enjoy your day.
have a good night, i'm signing off! :)
your photos are just awesome xd = thanks lol :)
shopping!!!! :)
smoothies w/ =) toured wabc & central park jumpshots w/ erik, then met up w/ some team: clay, katheryn
starbucks, weeds, & laundry, i'd say we're having a productive morning before work :)
lmfaoo. ima go tomz after tha match :} ima bring easter eggs :d
me :) if you want me to follow you
just heard that it's snowing in l2a, and yes, that brings a smile to my face :-) snow my pretty ones, snow !!! 1 more week :-)
everyon follow my 1,030 follower -> she's nice & she really deserve more followers! go & follow! :) ♥
i've got 4 up to now, and 2 have mug's wooo! ;) haha, happy easter marv! :) xxxxxx
alhamd. followers udah seceng aje hahaha. keep following ya :)
thanks baby :d avatarnya bagusss, cantik ech! ♥
awwwww u always wake up late dont u :) yeaaa im not to bad thanks baby , you feelin a lil better today ? <3
find a towel you dont want anymore, walk over there and just (motherly-like) place it over his lap :)
we berra play better 2nd half :)
ow ok thank you :)
good, good :d you're welcome :) go nalex :'d
true...i'll go somewhere for lunch the decision has been made! : )
a unicorn gathering!! love it :)
since i won't be at home (and mostly offline except for the iphone) for the next two days -- happy easter to all you tweetjunkies…! :)
thanks :d
sorry for spamming your page with my rts! it's such a fun to read those things, you know? :d
awww, thanks for the immense flattery! i love your stuff on io9! :-)
you don't need to diet.... :)
i have found only refresh, reply but not dm, new tweet.... maybe i am blind :-)
find your twojo! we need your tweets! :)
the rain has stopped! :d
ask me too :)
thank you thank you for talking to she's appreciates it so much :)
i'm not knocking the ps3 hun i likes it too! i was just addressing an issue :)
cool ! :) hope it wont be updated for next one year. :p
cute :) eunicekohh there you go. searched #501carrotsformal on my phone. they have the definition too :d
lol..sorry. i don't know anyone who owns an oil company. next trip perhaps :)
i'll need to pop into o2 to have a proper look. was just browsing online there. deals on the blackberry are really good just now :)
looking for a new bomber jacket for the less than cold days :)
< she's nice. (: go click her follow button ! :d
i'm sure things will work out when you need them to. :-)
macheda comes on confirm score goal within 3 seconds :d
right anyways i'm off out again, byeeee :)
haha, of course you can. :)
hi, my american idol. haha hi miley oc, tell him i miss him too.oc? :) with
het is :d
i totally love ...he's the only one that understands me <- :-)
thank you dapper dan for the :-)
hony dont ask the to follow me, just give me shoutouts and they will :)
made me laugh. :) too famous now, sir! hats off to you and your welcome.
pistol daimyo! well spotted buddy! i had great fun playing that last night ^_^
make sure you grab some rays :)
zhirkov nih --klo istilahnya henk wullem-- kurang 'banditos'.. :) #antimanunitedunite
finished with my shower :-)
list me? i'll list you back! :d
fame factory launch in 5 days follow | to be a new monster product! www.famefactory.org -rawr. :)
aww only 20? oh well. you sticking around afterwards so i can come see you? :)
follow me with ya smooth skin :)
i've been awake since 11:30am friday! :d
finally got my hands on a copy of excellent job! thanks for the opportunity to be a part of it. :)
yes he is! looooong time ago :) when i followed him, he follows me immediately! :)
it is oooon :)
haterz on formspring the best part of my day :d
ipad end of innovation? also 1 of the 3 horsemen of the apocalypse : ) gmab!
is there gonna be a "rt if you love me more than a bit." ? :d
thank you! happy easter to you as well =) ooh lovely enjoy!! happy easter love, have a great weekend xx love julie x
awwww....come on! still another half. :)
sunshine :) yes darling that is what they call me ! lol hey sis!
i'm off to get ready for the football , come on ye pars :)
oh how did it go? i'm fine thanks, about to go out and enjoy the sun :)
have fun! :) going to be working on your case later today, or on monday, will let you know how it goes x x
i've used a mac once found them totally foncusing :) xxx
thanks for the :-)
good morning! getting ready to go to polish church to bless my easter baskets. :)
yesh :)
which pub? i will go there and check. you can come :)
yeah but there are methods to steal ota direct links from logcat :)
you are a true fan! i'm right there with you! i have the nbc chimes as my email notification ringtone. :-)
ya i recommend it... : )
good mornin i need coffee ... :-)
the apple store manager just took a photo of me (first in line) with my slr -- first ipad customer here!!! :d
you are growing a baby boy my love. :) holy hell, why am i so tired..?
#replaying overboard justinbieber ft. jessicajarrell :)
but, not rude boy long hair. that was a mess. xd she will for sure. daaaaaaamn, i want it now. :d
football. also :) this world is just beautiful. christian, catholic, buddhist, sikh, hinduism, moslem. we are all beautiful
i hope has the best holiday ever! she deserves it :) ♥ x
i'm already following you, so i figured out you were real awhile ago :)
wheres << right here :-)
if you want me to include you in justice4mjj video.. if you truly care and love the king of pop! :)
haha well good luck with trying to keep all them girls at bay ;) your gonna need it :)
#jonasbrothers are the best!!! :)
infinitely glad to be one of the reliable ones :) hope some of u learn from my "diary entry", aka this morning's rant. hah! #rantover
ummm im also thinking of starting fresh and deleting all my tweets... i have to many.. :)
goin to the fair! :) funn! ciaooo #jedwardeaster =:d
off to walk the dogs. looks nice outside, but rain is a coming, wish me luck. long odds on getting back dry :d
