all is well, thank you. i am having a blast! hope all is well with you :)
niceee line-up .......:::::::: :::::::::....... { thnk yu =)
welcome back! hope the mouth's all good!! :)
yess yess!! 2nddd summer girls lfo :)
did he promise to leave, too? i might have to direct you to my friends at :)
thank you for following :)
lol i do that all the time :)
i like the tourist spots just not with the tourists and the heat. where we live now is incredibly boring...oh well. :)
hi sherry :-) how are you tonight?
you welcome :)
had to stop on our road trip for a shopping spree. bound to happen when your on a road trip with :)
wonderful news! congratulations to you all! :)
i want. 1000 followers i only have 625 so.. can u help me? :)
have a nice holiday :)
sugar you are a quick addict. :d
haha soooo true! getting it now! :)
and i'm sure you'd run real fast. :-)
that's wassup =)
hi :) how's life goin' ? i just followed you :] please return the favor and follow me backkkk? thnx! :d
oooooow:d #shoutout2dagirlz who like tall liqht skin ppl--lmao :d
aww, thank you so much hun :) i definitely will try, & i actually used to have myspace, although i no longer use it lol ♥
who's coming??? : )
random fact #12: so far this year, ive read 15 300+-page-long novels : )
nice! i'll let the hunter's editor know :)
good luck!! :-)
thank you for the #furryfriday shout out! :)
i already loved you fergie, but thank you so much for making cute shoes that come in my size! i love you even more now!! on cloud 9!! :)
was eating cake! :) and what? >:-s
feel meeee! smh niggaz be think i'm dumb -_- <haha im not boutta even go in..like i tweeted i kno a lot =) won'
nice to meet you too :) where are u from?
oh so it literally means on the lawn! :d thanks!
greetings! :) (easter hugs) long time lady, how ya been?
i need 8 more! shoutout 4 shoutout ? =)
#nowplaying : stuck in the moment :)
guess wat is amazing he has tought me never to give up :d
i'm waving at you. welcome to ottawa for the weekend. you picked a great weekend to visit. not that montreal is much different. :)
already following him! lol could you follow ? :)
just happy to show off what we do! :)
do good stuff in tourism and you're bound to get noticed by ! :)
:)
ty for your kind mentions : )
degrassi. i'll see you peoples later =)
oh haha my bad :) thank you <3
i know! and gen should have more followers too. follow and or you're not cool lol :)
thanks bro that lil kid didnt' bother me..... we all know he was a fake :) i gave him the benef
i'll be there tomorrow 11-6 at flamingo :) hope to see you
can someone list me 3 times? :)
awww awesome :) i waz gonna write to u again but i didnt know if ur fan mail is gonna change,is it the same address? :d
good morning tweeps, mau kmana kita hari ini :)
i have a copy of it if you cannot get it from the library. but you must guard it with your life. :-)
awww! that was nice :)
happy birthday!! :)
looks like we got some new competition :)
now, in the minutes that it's taking me to synch the website and the newsletter... any guesses? no cheating from staff who knows! :d ^a
#followfriday -->> ~ new to me but very interactive & engaging! smart, witty, fun & kinda #snarky :)
ciao cara. hope u r well! good luck with exams =)
no problem :)
hi :) how's life goin' ? i just followed you :] please return the favor and follow me backkkk? thnx! :d
warzup! how are you :d
sweetness in nature is very rare and very special thing.... works with humanity as well =)
it looks good! i love it :)
thank uuuu! :)
got ya lady! :-) 5.0! lol t i'm so down for the people in my life. if you know me you know this.
i liked that one@bsandusky not enough letter puns around :d
it means if you rearrange the letters in her name, you can make that. :)
ooo very nice :d congrats!! where can i buy this mag??
processing; yay. prepare to be disappointed :d
since i'm not with my baby this easter, i'm thinking to dye eggs just for the heck of it. :-) #kidforlife
link please :)
why must it start storming right when i'm starting the grill. #rainraingoaway / just lucky i guess : )
yess yess!! 2nddd summer girls lfo :)
oh, it's in the freezer! haha! don't you know? any calories you consume while drunk totally don't count. :)
:d
i can hardly stand any of mine :)
good morning guys! :)
on the side theres a small chat box :)
:) yes zirr. paula campbell "denial" (video) www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqprgwpqmy0
<<< another #nt dick rider!! look her pic and youll realize she isnt worth entertaining either :)
www.youtube.com/cristiantyler go subscribe guys and check out my new video!! =)
i didn't wanna be a creeper so i got her email and a nice hug instead :)
no i didn't sweetz just been busy you know i always respond whenever you hit me :)
greetings! :)
well played, well played. i'll just have to step up my game now. it's nice to meet you. :-)
i just saw a pyschic.. it was right on :) weird!
signed and sent in my w4 and other forms to canonical, ltd... the end of a wholly self-employed era. but it's awesome, so yay :)
what's the font in your background? :)
ah okay! no problem :) thank you tooo! <3
haha no i have a terrible drug habit now : )
very impressive.... loooooovevvvvee it. if u make them to follow back us... then only the secret will be out :d
thanks for the #ff :)
that one singer got kicked off idol this week. :)
pogonophobia is the fear of beards :) lady j minus sleep = useless trivia binge. lol.
had to stop on our road trip for a shopping spree. bound to happen when your on a road trip with :)
you talkin bout me!? :d
same here hun an outside :) shdfd u from
follow follow follow :)
thanxx for the sweet mention :-)
#shoutout2dagirlz that eat ass but dont eat chittlins.. :)
that's good :d still no internet cuz ur not on that much? :( of course i love you still! xd <3333
i need to watch the last grey's!!! i'm at shira's right now, we're making her website :)
