we are all same huh :d tuhan. tolong besarkan ruangan otak dan hatiku.
that's gr8t man!! the only problem i have is i'm up way 2 early on saturday...lol but i'm blessed 2 see it : )
#ifreakingwant iphone 3g s so bad!! (via :d
awww thankyou so muuch! :) u too! <3 #mileyforever rawwwr i swear too! nothing can break us apart! <333
shoutout for me please :)
text nic to 79922 for massive attack, ushe to 79922 for lil freak & you to 79922 for roger that :)
wait, your throwing out your nieces!? oooohhh, can i have one?? :d
lol you should ask for a pic and an autograph from her since she is the reason you are there :)
you'll look like a goat. :)
the climb miley cyrus. first 3! :) -->
just ordered myself a print :) hey #lost fans. you might dig this...
packing my bag..lacing my new pair of xblades.. :)
aah i saw that on the site :) might pick up one today, i love their easter stuff that's in! x
thankss :)
re: your very mature tweet. :)
thanks :) im excited to choosed you!
they're so good :)
#mileyforever <3 plz it :)
that's why we will just add #asiaanchovy :)
; is in newyork , shopping later -- easter tomorrow :d , -- i got bieber fever , call the docter. , hahahaha. :) <3
but then you'd have to share the chocolate! :-)
my kitty cat =)
pmsl! a would have too, am gunna go rob a bank now then buy some :d x
yeaah happy b-day :)
i sent paris a letter yesterday! :)
promote satu2?rt :)
i will. it's nice to look at though :) maybe i'll win the lottery?
thank you for the ff :)
if u love my worlds i should see 100+ :d x
i'm a girl! read our bio :)
sun is desperately trying to come out in highcliffe christchurch! :)
oh yes we are too cool!! ahahahah :) sistahhh
awwwrh i hope he follows you soon babe :) x
good morning to you too :)
no, haven't tried it. we can grab lunch when i'm back from the east coast. :)
hehe thanxs soo much it means a lot :d n i love your username!
good morning, jim. wishing the best for you & yours this easter weekend too. :-)
omg just watched vd on my tivo! so good! jeremy wants the girl vamp to change him! bad camps attack. stefan & damon wow :)
aww :d *waves to mrs. bee*
#jedwardeaster please please tweet me! me and my friend claire love you guys! :d a tweet from u is better than an egg =ddd
beltre definitely could be a disaster. haha. i'd use the money saved and take henley ramirez instead of tulo. :)
sorry , i unfollowed everyone . refollowed :d
good morning everyone! sunny here in the nyc. going to enjoy the day. i suggest you do the same :)
no problem :)
u as well. 5 star! right? good morning, hope you all have an awesome and productive day =)
good morning! happy easter weekend :)
just check hallmark website, dan ternyata oprah-nya masih episode lama. i think the only way is.. live streaming :)
hey please follow me :d
i have to go now, im going to visit family, byeee :) love you <3
workin out all day wiff my momma :)
#peopleshould spam me :) now!!
i hope brought coffee for the shoot this morning! :)
by doing so and after that stopped going with them :) {wrote =contemplation}
happy birthday . wish u all the best and be better ya syg :d
:d hehehe how did one taliban wish another taliban? he said, "have a blast!" #pj
i've been saying to myself i am not going to get one, well that lasted until they finally arrived :)
dinner di bumi aki..we are happy family :)
#jedwardeaster please please tweet me! me and my friend claire love you guys! :d a tweet from u is better than an egg ='d
"rt "http://twitpic.com/1cv9dd i like this pic of me! :) what you think? // it's aight!! lol"< yea ok lol
is the sexiest male so show your support here only 3 days left!! #emmerdale #bsa please :)
1/4 mile visibility on nantucket, but 10 miles on martha's v! anyone stuck in the fog, have no fear; sunshine is coming :)
aye, matey!! i have an eye patch though. :)
oh well damn, there goes my plan. :) and it was a good one if i say so myself.
duran duran where the 80s :-)
could you follow me back pls? :)
keep trying, or send it too me, and i will try and put it on :)
thanks. i think if i drink 1 beer i will be in drunk heaven in seconds hahah :-)
have fun :)
in the car, waiting for hubby so we can go see sisterinlaws kids, there gonna love peanut!! :)
thats a long story :)
15 minutes break doing bad behaviour before my last class on organizational behaviour :) bad is good, sometime...
love the blue, pretty earrings. :) listed today! gardenias! #etsy #wwes
<<< please rt?? :)
can you please follow me? it would mean the world, because you are awsome! :)
oh...here is one of 'them'! :p shut up :d
love u boss! :-) have a super day! :-)
man we gotta more and more and twll ppl to tweet this alot :) #mileyforever <3
i love easter :d
i think jung min can learn all asian languages if he wants to. he's great with it! #501carrotsformal :)
got ya to 650 :) now you and have to get me 10 new followers. so 20 gether :d can u guys do that :)?
#mileycyrus is the destiny of hope :d that's why she is "destiny hope" :d <3 ... #mileyforever
text nic to 79922 for massive attack, ushe to 79922 for lil freak & you to 79922 for roger that :)
good morning everyone! rise and shine! it's a beautiful morning.... :-)
i'm sorry i didn't make to the show to say hi! :) 209.224.7947 txt me whenever you're bored n recording, er waiting to record :d
naw thats probley why lol, im good just watching a movie :)
any fansite that i'm following who is close to their goal and wants help? :)
the mayor welcomes you :) "i can feel the spirit of palm beach international airport)
my first fav. song from miley was one in a million.. i lve the song so much :)
hahaha yeah :d too much :p noo just kiddin #mileyforever i love youuu ;) <333 #mileyforever
i'm so happy :)
thexfactor: i want stacey solomon's trackie :d
ah i shall thank you :-) xoxo
i've supported man utd for 35+ years. i love football :-)/ no s..t sherlock! :)
4th cover =)
boooooooooom dia twitters! :d
wow i just seen it from the sun dial on thursday :) looked good
aww, you're such a good wife :p i hope you'll get something out of it too :)
yay geoff is awake. now we can go get breakfast. ihop ftw! :-)
that really sucks! well at least you don' have to worry about that when you're here next week :) i hope to meet you :)
i'm at the buford hwy farmers market... i know i'm cheating on the dekalb market but sometimes a man needs some variety :)
here for a v.little while and wife-driven. otherwise yes :)
aww, thanks :)
you did an outstanding job by the way. very pretty front page! :)
thank you paty! :)
if evra had an animagus it would be something very graceful like a swan? scoles' would be a little angry yapping doggy aww bless him ^_^
wow just went over 1900 people that i'm following... but only have 1423 followers :) .... oh well :)
oh if i had the money, i'd be snapping up every trendy gadget out there. :)
i didn't want to start a newsie flamewar. you guyz would kick my butt :)
totally :)
yep :) how are things with alex?
heey, follow yaaaa!!! wajiib!! yg gak follow waah, parah waahh. follow dia yaaaaa :d
the same to you! :)
i am glad gang fights don't break out in the studio then! is more like they all have intellectual arguments lol! :)
happy to see 100% uptime from in march :)
2 more people follow her :d x
dont wannna be rude buh like, why are so many girls obsessed with you? i meaan wow! haha :)
nice pictures on your facebook perfect smile :)
whew. an hour on the phone to customer service and they've refunded me. thank you for proving my faith in you is justified :)
get well soon yah ozon sayang , doain yah guys semoga cepet sembuh :)
if u want me to dm justinbieber 4 u :) i do i don't lie
i'm in bed with sex and the city & a little crying baby next door :)
heyya...could you follow me back? :) #indonesianeedsdemi
r we there yet? thanks!rt my goal for the weekend, to get you over 1,000 followers. :-)
follow she's awesome :) <3
morning :) after waking up and falling asleep so many times i'm awake for good now :) i love sleeping forever!
definitely =)
good morning to all; that includes you :)
you prolly fuck that animal too: bitch! :)
in manchester with miss samms :)
wow, only 8 more :) this is amazing, i literally owe u so much! -tay
you must be in a queue dawn if you can tweet :d xxx
awww :) oh coool! :d :d cinderella was my most favourite :p oh i loved barbie <3<3 :p
follow them right now --> <--- amazing beliebers :)
good morning :)
lmao!! thats hilarious! i imagine that happened all the time. the last one i went to, used a radio station lol :)
>rt #peopleshould stop using words tht they dn't even know the meaning. <-- what does "words" mean....? :)
enjoy beer & dinner. :-)
haha im great thankyouu :) you? #mileyforever sorry changed today! i wanted to tell you sweetie! <3
lol.. look !! my bf on here finally tweeting me on a regular now! :-)
in a 3d pub watching game in 2d :-)
the secret to get a lot of followers is: tweet others as you want to be tweeted :-)
i think i should try to hack muhahahahahahahahahaha :d
followed :d follow back?
hi ashley, thanks for the nice words. have a happy easter. :-)
also known as, a city whore :)
ohmygosh! congrats sisss (: but just followed me at about 6:00 pm today! xd tadi gue ke kelapa gading :d
i hope you guys following me back :)
i ate a lot of cheese last night at bsc./ :) me too
oo yh misss :d
.. watch the video they go through a lot of the ipad an apple site as a lot of good videos too :) i like
good morning!! have fun!!!! :)
:) how are you this morning?
q:awk thnx haha ur asumm xoxox <3 beber fukin for l... a:ok i followed you :d
hahaha yeah :d too much :p noo just kiddin #mileyforever i love youuu ;) <333 #mileyforever
follow me pleaseee? :)
thank u for #ff, have a lovely easter weekend! :d x
follow the yellow brick road? follow the leader? follow friday? hell no! follow ! :d
who wanna take me to sixflags today?? =)
today is my listening day. loving what i'm hearing. :-)
good evening #chai gang :)
ahahahaha yeah.. that tweet was so funnyy... ahah i'm good too.. and thats good.. ahah :)
thumbs up!!! pak army :) security forces take complete control of lower orakzai: official sources
u're welcome :) hahaha, thanks!rt i always support you for whatever you take. just, think twice
thank you <3 :)
i know right!!!! i'm so proud :d
u should buy chocolate like u buy vegetables: local & fresh! :)
oooh god! that must hurt :/ i hope you stop hurting soon :)
for sure! it was a wild trip. things are progressing rapidly with mr. saturday night :) ill have to fill u in sometime!
happy birthday to ss501 park jungmin. wish you all the best~ :) #501carrotsformal
anyone single n man enough? single girl lookin' for boyfriend! :) staying in parents on weekend...*note...need a boyfriend!
follow >> now!!! :)
hahahahah yeah it was soooooo dumb! :d
lol not a fan of vodka really but not saying no :d xxx
me and are excited for jonas hour :d! haha :p we dare eth others :d! thanks for the amazing idea :)
yes red sox , yankees start season sunday night :) rb "phillies open up in washington on monday..... ♫
promote for the first 5! this :)
ah wow thats awesome! yeaah sure ill help you tooo :) xxx
have a nice day : )
hej zuzu :-) i was generous to jim but he never replies to me
haaaai! u there? i'm here! bahaha lmao :)
q:wow whoever is talking shit about preet should get ... a:awww thanks lucy! haha loveee you :)
#mileycyrus is the destiny of hope :d that's why she is "destiny hope" :d <3 ... #mileyforever
iya dong !! but sometimes my school is f**kn off enak bgt ye. yoi :d maen enak bgt sminggu full :d hehe
if you ever want a shoutout just ask me on my personal account & i'll be glad to give you one! :)
having an awesome day? you should... i expect as much out of you =) #awesomeupdater
i love that twizzles is an actual term in figure skating! i also like that they're skating to linkin park :)
good morning ^_^
advertise yourself on twitter and ask all your friends to rt? :-)
bigger than me, but not more explosive :) imperial war museum
hehehe just bought some dvd's of old disney mickey and donald cartoons. childhood memories. :)
you just need a weird animal stun gun thing :)
lol! maybe after the baby?? i'm sure baby will make ya more thirsty! :) but, is it?
i luv you too bestie <3 33 we both rock :d #mileyforever <3
meeee sach's the man.. hey ya :)
goooodnight :)
read what? i know u read it! :d
morning doll! have a great day :)
u mean u adjust prices along the fees for using the loo in nl?! that's smart indeed :d
hey pretty good :) wbu ?!
have no idea what to wear. leaving in half an hour...plenty time. :d
