justin bieber needs to be trendin again, && #ukwantsbieberback needs to be a tt! :d
dnt knw anything will do me :d hahaha x
going to attend mass..10pm :)
:p we shall see how it pans out :)
gm everyone :)
yozhan i am so grateful for the awesome clouds & beautiful mtns. this morning. :-)
=)
now there are no gollum things in it :)
i think i would loose all my followers :)
new icon x3 .. =) !!
good morning :)
thats ok :)
happy easter big mia! i hope u have a good one :) love you xoxo
lol yes do that mi amor. oh how i miss yu soo :) <-- yaaay; i think im a tad bit over excited lmao :p
hahahahhahaha i know. but like usually on school days, i didn't mean today. haha :d
eeearly morning today... ouch. hoping slap happy will kick in soon lol. slept well though :)
now im happy :)
arlington brunch! some assembly required :)
attention!!! go follow >> << now :d
if justins voice makes you smile :) #ukwantsbieberback
good night :) what's up? #indonesianeedsdemi
noo way we need to get tting ... this is a pernament tattoo not temparooryy :d tt #justinbieber
you saw it? :d she threw that part in all by herself!!
thanks :)
ha! it sounds good very very loud. try it when you get a chance :)
all that for a tech enhanced tea tray?! blimey! hope yr having a happy birthday today. eat lots of cake! :)
yeah :) im hoping to get 10k for easter <3
yay! thank you for your tweet. =)
eg says that she was watching it to learn spanish. :)
assuming twitter is quiet cos everyone is gone to see #rememberme again !! :)
you both will get 5 huge shoutouts! you listed me so many times :d
cool dude! have fun =)
good morning sunshines =) woke up to the birds chirping n a nice phone call(shut up)
it's ok so far. not too many californian voices :)
lol. those are easy to forget :)
ha ha!! ls and bb are in pretty desperate need of scoks too so i am going out to buy sandals today no socks needed :)
#nowplaying nicki minaj massive attack on repeat lol im addicted anyway still working on the surprises, its for the riri stans :)
yea, don't rub it in. i'll just sit here and play my atari :)
imagine an older gentleman with a "pimp's" accent (whatever that is)...saying "ya sho' looking pretty dis mornin" :-) birds chirpin
yeahh i remember :) i dunno how we got so many tbh :) haha
:d overheared: a chana wala: 'dhyaan kidhar hai. chane wala idhar hai'. epic!! lol
follow she will follow back :d
awrh don't you? well its ok your opinion in all. as long as you dont tweet hate on them its ok :)
you have made my day :-) i found him fiddling especially for
i've been here since 2am :)
me too :)
thank you sooooo much :)
i say as long as you're at your parents house, go for it! :)
thanks babe =)
omg woo another demo ! :d
can i have a shoutout? :)
yeah not to ww but to cazmo alot and they ar not noobs they are suprstar and one is ambass :)
good morning monty! what's happening today in england? :)
thnx hun :) xxx
someone please pick me up an i-pad while you're out. i need to test it for the audience :)
only 33 pages. still gone. but please show some love! she interviewed me :) now, 17 more pages!
yeah hitting there tomorrow....be back on monday :)
i'll be there for #jonasbrothers till the end, the end of time. please be mine jb! :d <3
bom dia :)
tell um your. cusius just turned up. from the uk. and. you need. to. get. her bk to your. cus she s relly i'll lol :-) x
omg imagine came to perform in ireland? even for just one night.. *hyperventilates at thought* xd we loveee you nicki :) xoxox
hum not sure i understand :) lol
wish u were here darling :) paporitt.. winenya muyahhh warung italy.. nyumm nyumm!!
we are all the part of 'gods great big family' :)
#jonasbrothers fans should follow >> !! please do it :) xd
presents 'mad thrills' 10th april zirca! drop me a msg on facebook for a guestlist now! pls help retweet! =)
good morning small businesses :)
pick me up as wellrt udah mandi , siap-siap jemput adekku jovi dan anakku vanessa di airport :)
it's so beautiful outside. i'm going back to my friends house today :)
thank you for the shoutout and #ff love! :)
shoutout to go follow :)
it's free advertising. who'd be *so* stupid as to portray someone as a popular tv character oh year, the labour party! lol :)
heyy :) how ru?
what's that about being careful what you ask for? :-)
yeah i do he is alright :)
watching icarly and kinda boring :d wbu.. ? :)
i see you! keep goin with it man! send it over too when you're done :)
maybe. might see u there :) i will text you! same numba?
agreed :)
when am i leaving? any time. :)
not much, i'm so bored....x) haha, hbu? :d i'm at my friend's place now. gotta go home later...
nearer than i thought, not 1 for geography! get some food inside you and plently of fluids! trust me i'm not a doctor lol :-)
thanks :d
omg im up too an u up too an i went to sleep this time lol omg my sleep is improving :) lol
yep, take all the good weather with you! :) just remember to pack it on the way back for us! :p xx
loooool ohhh shittttt dats how u got it yh ;o)/ of course :)
i'm thirsty :)
she is my fave! adore her work :) re:
tonight :-)
pro'lly because of a lot of things hahaha :d
aw! :)
mostly! some overlaps.. i use facebook for the people i know. i use twitter for the people i wish i knew :)
waking up to birds singing...thank you springtime! :) xoxo liz
follow me pls :)
thanxs :d n followed. fucking love your icon♥
if justins voice makes you smile :) #ukwantsbieberback
nice :) hope it comes true, then lawyer, then president, then lawyer until i die :p i wanna be a doctor, #hbu?
which apple store did you go to for the pickup? and i am jealous, #waitingforups :)
