that's not his name. no one will see it like that, right? :)
spike's and ice cream for dinner :d
#nowplaying chris brown -- madusa :)
your welcome =)
better :) this asthma won't win myself >:d
perfect* :)
in a hr... =)
i can see why!! they are gorgeous!! :)
thanks for rting: thats so cool :d trompe l’oeil interior murals:
also playing in a poker tourney, been playing for 4 hours and now i am low stacked, but already in the money yay :)
#ff and because their gorgeous and i'm now following them. :) owww thanks love .. ditto 2 both
ty for your kind : )
i think that you are amazing at playing guitar :)
hello cami!! :) how are you doing?
i call bullshit. looks like we got some new competition :)
and you can also enjoy the beautiful san diego sunshine :)
he said it!! :) from: he was one of the greatest defensive nfl players!
hehehe nice work ladies :) (thanks again both of u for an amazing afternoon!)
i do have that.. :)
and thank you : ) thanks for the most excellent music... always! (via
#shoutouts to everyone :) ! i've been here for a min but lowkey chatting lol
miss you :) hope all is well with you and the girls. i'm so proud of yall (@sophiafreshness) love yall !!!!
warm regards from indonesia to :) all the best..
okay, im doing the contest again :)
d: thanks for the rt. where are you hiding? :)
im shyshy :)
:)
haha okay sorry. i lobe you more <3 hahaha okayyy okayy :d lol its fine. i am too :o
on a happy note, i got a 86 on the last database project... so that means my average in the class is now in the 80's. :)
heading to mr. chows!!!!!!!! woot woot!!! i'm sorry to say but i'm feeling myself 2day! looking like 1million buks :)
(lmao!) i just saw your special one and only list for me! thanks :) make a gal feel special!!
ohhhh my friend is from out there... tell him i said hi :) lol
oh lol! i have seen em i jus delete em before i post em :)
#ff thanks to right back at you all :)
6music are playing some awesome punky concert stuff at the mo. :)
congrats!! gorgeous ring also :) she said yes!!!!
im gunna dm justin for whoever follows ! hes dmed 7 people i sent him ! tweet me if you follow. gooo :)
morning & tx :-) #morning #inspiration
lol its why ily tho =)
vlw véi :)
same here but it's already 3am here hahaha.. umm not much , hbu? :)
hey my tweeps its 8:52 pm and i am 37 new twitter friends away from 25000!!!! who is my 25k twitter friend???? hmmmm 25k tweet me!!!! :)
oh, poor yummy bunny easter cupcake... you looked too tasty to leave alone... so i ate you! ;) hoppy good friday, everyone! :)
just thought i'd say hello to all my new followers and say thanks for following me. :) hahha, i appreciate it.
hey there :) am not exactly good.. sleep deprived with a mild hangover and in office :d
best: show slide and tell that they can read what is shown :)
awh okay! :d thanku... i'll give u 3 pictures and u can choose the one u want to edit :p kk? :)
bigger by justin bieber == 1 point to u =)
the bg you have is awesome! who made it? :)
tomorrow will be a day packed with announcements at switch =) keep tunned! :)
i just realized he gave me a channel guide for chesterfield (richmond). yeah, sorry, i'm not getting wtvr up here in northern virginia... :)
waving back right now bit hard to see you through all the magma :)
looks like we got some new competition :)
yeaup! :d
you can pretend they're my words and you have to rework it :) no more headdesk! xxxoooxxxooo
aw read through some of our confessions it will make the time go by. :)
you really did. didn't you? make that 2 slots in the poppy 100. :)
: ) & thank you so much for your kind mentions...hugs across the twitterverse #ff #follow #gratitude
whaddup! :)
i c somebody is on they music mode tonight :-)
with my favorite :)
finally watching "princess and the frog" tonight! i may be 18, but i will never be too old for disney princesses! :)
coloquei =) (@yeah_clothing live on
: my 'love' tattoo is my favourite 'til i get my smiley face on my hand. =)
is there saturday delivery in 55024 :) i am hoping!!
lol! hanging out with friends on a cool friday afternoon :)
be blessed!!!
thank you.. go red sox! :)
lol i dont know but he can use it on me anytime he likes :) hehe
the gin helps, i think! :)
you got it! :) we checked ur site out, would it be better to visit the store! :-?
take better care of my hmmph! // trust me she's in great hands :-)
idk what tita is talking about. id def entertain ^_^ ..... #ins evar tho so -_________-
thanks- again :) i'm glad others understand how important radio is to those who love it. ps following you, hope you don't mind :)
no, i said i dont do crack because my friend called me a crack head. haha. but good, dont. :)
dork :) u know what that means! no wonder we have great makeout sessions lmao. when drunk!
yayy! my dexter season 3 disc 1 came in from netflix! :d watching it. <3
#followfriday she's fab! this is my 3rd #ff attempt as i've been told i'm too cryptic! :) i repeat, is fab!
on my way w/@miskeleton to the deep ellum art fest for an hr before going home to get ready for tonight!! gonna be good! #nodrama :)
bout to watch 2 episodes of ghost adventures that means from 9-11 i will be watching it!! :d
lol its coool :)
hi trenae, you up boo? i wanted to see how you were this evening and i haven't seen you posting for the last few hours. : )
pleaseee follow me :)
nice to find something to disagree on, at last :-)
nom nom! our dinner :)
heyy :) whats your name?
:) , thank yoooou. sup?
i just emailed you- check your email :)
#backintheday i had short spikey blonde hair :)
have fun and tell baby twin i said hey :-)
my birthday is the 7th!! :d
i could have sworn you said sharepoint. viewpoint is ... another animal entirely. =)
i want my mother's cooking :-) need some steam fish with okra and jasmine rice with sorrel right about now
when you see ori you should paint your nails sparkly blue!! :d and yess! fall out boy's beat it is amazing. i love "tiffany blews"
ive just shut down pc. am xlnt thanks, tho sleep becons :) talk soon.
okay i'll try not to :)
online !! ~~ 1st imma check my tweets !! :d
mai pleasure! :-)
so has discovered the perfect drink. mashed berries + vodka + ice + soda/water. delicious and good for you. :)
just got a drank, a monster for tomorrow, some rips & redboxed bandslam & did you hear about the morgans? :)
*twitch* it hurts when he makes sense, but ok :)
