my ex had surgery and just came home today. : )
ahh yes! you are my kinda girl!! gaga, beyonce and cheryl all rank as my favourite singers ever!! :d haha xo
you know, you're totally right, but i'm totally impatient...we need more #greenliving :-)
my heart goes out 2 every1 wif a million pounds of stress on em whether i knoe u or not jus knoe i care :) & jesus loves u!
probably, 'specially if you're feeling icky. but it's forgivable. :)
if you really want to watch the last song :)
hopefully you have not been involved in too many imbroglios :)
but of course it got nippy out; thas cool stll gonna live out my friday nite :)
don't know yet, its just a rumour, but most likely a robson or granville street location make sense right? :)
follow me bak first =)
thanks for the yummy cookies lady :-)
awesinine is from my urban dictionary word a day calendar :) it's educational!
yes im already following you :) x
super happy my baby is off tonight... quality time with the hubby. cooking up his favorite then chillin and watching movies.. love it :)
be part of the the vegas summer crew! :) www.youtube.com/lasvegas
i love your blog post, a fragile, honest & inspired read. very happy for you my dear, i hope your vision becomes a reality :)
i'm totally keeping both. i think i'm leaning toward one over the other. gotta make sure shoes work though. :)
i'm havin a moment! lemme rock plzz :) thank uu ;)
you're welcome! :)
maybe it was being mentioned alongside you that was really blowing my mind :-)
yh i agree older simpsons and love stewie so funny as well as brian amazing characts :d am off speak 2 u 2moz nite :d
#ff you're da bomb. we love you!!! :)
#iicdhouse you need to talk caitlyn into having a bbq dinner by the pool! :)
nothing too much! : ) im not allowed out tonight -.- twatter all night hollaaa (; lmfao
:d im positive they lovee you too!
happy bunny weekend everybody :)
loovee it! haha :) once you kill a cow you gotta make a burger ! lol :)
happy birthday pattie!!! have the best birthday ever!!! love ya <3 :d #12
yeah, very much so. i haven't listened to coldplay in forever, btw. :)
goin goin back to back to cali cali! =) haha lol
do follow & enjoy sam's mastery :) "ode to dawn" #poetry by...
the taste was pretty good if i do say so myself but i needed some oyster sauce i think. can't wait to try em again :)
q::) have i done something wrong ? :s a:no why? :)
indicaria uma fanfic robsten? :d
im your dear your my sincere. =)
happy birthday pattie!!! have the best birthday ever!!! love ya <3 :d #11
thnx for the #ff hun. hpe u had a gr8 day ^_^
hahaha :) show off! :) --->rt my #ff fav's enjoy!
thanks :)
tell me you love me :)
the beauty of twitter eh?! thankyou :d x
haha the thong song is on :) i used to love some sisco man!
i like this #souljaboyschool ❤
@souljaboytellem and my teacher aaww :)
thanks! :d
awesome! we'll probably be downtown by noon or so. when i get down there i'll text you just to see what's up :-)
#ff follow them :)
cheers les filles ! :-)
thanks to we have made it to 1000!! follow them. they are amazing :) and anyone who we didn't follow tweet us and we will <3
hey guys sorry for the lack off tweets :) were back now!!! how are you lot doing? who's been to the tour? tell us your news?
:d so whatssupp?
i am too. :)
see: anything terry pratchett, jonathan strange & mr. norrell, many others.... sometimes they're just right. :)
did you bring the headband? i can meet you now. :)
i missed that ~ i always try to keep optimistic about change, it's unavoidable and prevents stagnancy :-)
:-) god bless you all and goodnight, don't forget to pray and brush your teeth.... xx
lol of course! if u got da courage 2 ask, i wont turn ya down! :)
good luck :) hope u do well
no i will do it now. did you read blog today, that should cheer you up :)
clash wasn't originally filmed to be in 3d, it was last minute. i just got finished watching the latest fringe. impressed :)
hey that's great :) hope u were wearing comfy shoes lol
#welovepeterandre :) oh yes we do
amy you have not gone to these events nor talked to the people, i disagree. best of luck with as campaign! :)
gonna go get this hair did.. geez about time ! <- how cuttee :d
changed my twitter pic because told me she was tired of it :)
summerrr timee :) with and chloee
thought you might enjoy that :)
surveygizmo of course, here's a comparison chart to see why check our twitter favorites for more reasons :)
thank you j. yes i imagined the name might be from .heroes. i used to be called kimba the lion! :) tweet like me?
thank you, dnt be a stranger! :)
for a reall stand up guy #ff no better car care in town :)
our peartree's :)
#backintheday we can go to the simplest places n have so much fun....wait that's still me now :d
follow (hilarious 'hate that' tweets) and the owner (has amazing youtube videos) do it, do it, do it! :d #ff
only 7 more till 1,630! :)
home! i really, really like it here! =)
i got some chile too! i'm gonna be happy :-)
r we doing hotels or houses? i guess i should ask what kind of $ i'll b needing for the trip. :)
don't hate us cos we r beautiful :)
thanks for the :d
there are some freaky people on humor hilft heilen but that´s good... "wir behandeln die falschen" .... :-)
:) yes :) #ramonaandbeezus
thanksss :d hope sees it :d
got about 4 apocalyptica versions of metallica songs on my ipod, including nothing else matters. :d
we are so excited you are coming to the kiss 108 boston concert on 5.22. can we meet you & the glam band, please? :)
i will : ) it isnt even out in england yet : ( x
q:are you bored? :d a:yeah i'm falling asleep here lol
thats the coolest. "maaan you come right out of a comic book" :)
cnt wait to go out later!!!!! :) i deserve only the best of everything
askkk me ishhh. :) < its been alooong time #letsgo
online :-)
oh yeah. those are hot off the presses. i went on a vanity signing the day the paperback was released. :-)
hey guys :)
u can text the # 5 times (so 25 dollars) :) will it allow us to donate a litte more steph?
i've had a few of those jesus-n-me services, and they have been very ok. :-)
hahahhah. i wrote make a wave in big letters on the sand :)
make it 31 :)
i agree, except for giving up coke. people are inspired by him giving up soda so they did it too. it makes them healthy :)
she does expect me to pay for everything since we're shopping for me. :)
hey i'm in your cheering section :)
reminder: daylight savings ends tonight. put your clocks back 1 hour :-) happy easter!
#ff my $weetheartt : )
yo yo yo! thanks for the eric! have an awesome weekend! :)
money :) lol
bout to listen to some chill with the family & enjoy some good food. its not heaven but close enough =) peace out tweeps.
thanks for the follow i like your quadruple m bio :)
haha. could be :d i'm curious to see how sites look on it though.
thanks for everyone who watched the twitcam :d
lol yes im happy ass hell i feel like bouncinq of walls i ate a oranqe and a piece of chees before bed lol :) thnx for askin
its unclogged :)
aw thank youu :-) how sweet. did you go to the game?
hey tweeters :)
i did not win the golden ticket. making that clear now :) but i'm getting a copy of myworld2 tmrw or something so yea; idk
yes and hire meeeee :-) lol
just had dinner with the fam :) now heading to the nail salon i need a fill and a pedi :-)
do you think the guacamole was every that into you? jus' sayin' :)
happy birthday dad! you raised a gifted and inspiring son. ...bet he's the spitting image of you. :-) many happy returns!
hai! morning :) and have a great day
shes my bestest friend :d
twitter peeps! i'm the guy at with the macbook in the second row of tables by the podium. :-)
wonderful news! nine more weeks 'til festival! that doesn't seem like a lot, does it? :) #festivalgr #tcot #sgp
well starting today i'm ya friend =)
please please please click this link this is how much we love you! :d
#ff good info nice person :) <--- thanks. i owe it mostly to #ff
yes, it's my birthday. i can act stupid. :d
i've been working on some pretty lockets today, i'm very happy with what i have in front of me! :d
going to upload all of the twitter backgrounds i've made. :d
i would love to hear your feedback on evg please take the surveys. : )
take pix from ya'lls show tonight and tweet them :) have fun out there...kill it!
i do !!! :)
great to meet u :)
it's friday night! time to get pretty! :-)
going to church. :) be back laterr
ur most welcome !! :-)
timings for 'the last song' today :)
bouta post a couple twitpics for y'all so leave a comment when you get a chance =)
teeheee -- good one!! :) so are you getting an ipad?! cc
so how are you and your mom :d #seewhatididthere
haha thannnnk u! :) u r forever loved lol.. all tho i still hate the fakers hehe
i see how it is u don't wanna come back to atlanta :( don't forget about us in the south :)
i want to do a feature on your work with since its autism month 4 my humanitarain blog! follow so i can dm !! :)
heyy ! :) ♡
thanks for the link! :)
its all because of you :) -nara
thanks for the #ff lurve :)
i know lol :) ur awesomeee
sorry, april isnt a very fun month 4 me! i have really bad allergies! sometimes i can barely breathe. so i'll tweet when i feel good ok? :)
thank you for the ff! :)
currently listening to tchaikovsky's violin concerto no 1. yes, i have a fair bit of classical music on my ipod, too. :d
loool when you start driving come pick me up oneday yea :)
"awesome": williams on nbc nightly news reminded everyone about cherry blossoms in dc: we don't need any more tourists!! :)
you know you want to groove :-)
eh emm. shes in the bathroom right now .. :) give me a shoutooutttt a huge jigantic enormouse one ohh thanks.
q:fave owl city song? a:i'll meet you there :) its amazingggg.. you? :)...
#ff #shoutouts to just cuz :)
haha i still got my iphone though :)
awwrh happy birthday to youre little bro :) x
aloha bruh! follow back if ya will goodlook fam!! bless up<-thanxx dude...i'm followin now :)
awww.... big giant squishy hugs for just listened to something :)
the more the merrier =) i think #smallville is a cult...i'm in!
i'm a fan of theirs :)
you gonna be online soon?...im on :)
umm just listening 2 soulja boy :) x
that's awesome. too bad rhianna is not going to be at the concert in boston. but he can get it on with kesha. :-)
had a good workout feeling good!!! excited to start workn out and gettin in shape! time for a walk :)
i like the new look micah :)
just requested light on by david cook on the mix chicago 312-591-6800 the dj said sure he would play it hope so :)
yayy ! whoot whoot :) yay my parents supprissdd me wit my car right nowww :) :)
honeeey :)
denver when????? :) can't wait!!!
yay! :) will be posting details next week!
ahhh lovely words :) thanks lady xx
it's amazing that we all see more each time. then i read about more things people saw and wondered how i missed those! :)
come request songs 4 me 2 sing (broadcasting live ) :)
yep, i'm gunna watch family guy, listen to all of album, and wait for snog marry avoid to come on tele :d
great view! the view from the patio at just for you :)
lunchtime! :) thanks to my hun..for going grocery shopping yesterday..i have a yummy lunch/meal!
ill love u if ur #teamsuperman :) tell me you love me :)
is commig not right now but yeah :s i love ubertwitter tho really works awesome i wouldn't change it :) ;) u #bb (cont)
he does know something you don't. mainly russian! :) lol
this is where i'm staying for the next few days!! :d
nice. got a email from activision, thanks guys. :)
yes! the more the 'furrier' ! hope all is well. :)
hahah!! with a spoon or a spork!!! :d
thanks for the #ff elizabeth ! :)
brb shower :) i wanna have hella mentions 2 get back to so tweet me :)
twestival global 2010 raises more than $450,000 for education / /via :)
so happy spring is finally here at the cmc! with that also bring the juniors la majors market, can't wait :)
that is my favorite #ff ever :d thank you so much.
oh ya that's totally loyal and love :d bahahaha ily hun
on the phone :)
not a fan of tattoos. though certainly better than an optical implant would be :)
:) hope you are having a nice weekend. x
waiting on the pizza & #lavacakes :-)
it hasn't for me, but i liked the hug. ^_^
never mind. i had the very attractive, very receptive to flirting, very kind press lady make you a badge right then and there. :d
follow this awesome person-->> she support 100% kevin :)
aw really?!?! haha you're the best! =)
=) why u know how i do! =p
