ill be joining 2, santos dm ur number man! vanavond beatlovers :) who's joining? me! lets g0 2getter
#jonasbrothers son las 9:52 amm en argentina no doy massss =) jobross ♥ passion :)
happy easter weekend! got a list a mile long to do with 4 little ones expecting the big bunny and his egg hunt / plus dinner for family :)
i am thrilled to have found you here! :) love your insight!
if you are a belieber [i want to listed you] :d
yes sun sun!! it was gorgeous yesterday...now i am wanting more!!! =)
waants too go out agaain toniightt.... :d xxx
also john i'm only dancing :)
well i've got the the barbers so can get my hair cut ready for wedding tomorrow :-)
internet! city that never sleeps. for better and worse :d
wow. this might be fun to watch. :)
thanks for shoutout :)
::waving at her lovely sis:: hey there! i'm good a bit sleep deprieved but good haha how are you :)
good afternoon, dear. always been a big fan of yours. :-)
have a nice flight. :)
:d thank you<333
what happen if #jonasbrothers wore a bunny costumes? :) funneyy
:) its not like that.
first friday was sooo fun last night! like a street party for kewl kids. can't wait to live downtown when i grow up :)
morning twitter =)
ohh my yall annie is on :)
#nowplaying thats what you get paramore <3 :d
tonite am beaming so bright till it's hurt ppl eyes.. watch out ppl,comin thru.!! :) // go go go girl! ppl move aside!
i hope they loose they're overrated, and all up their own arses :) x
i've actually booked my train home but not my coach there ha! erm the coach goes victoria station and the train goes euston :)
cant wait for tomorrow, easter, chocolate... going to the footy and then seeing my fam! bloody good day =)
mcfly night :) (saturday/friday night)
hey nikita! misha should forward the data to your lc voice soon :) but i'll email you
of course :d
hello there :d
if you want me to list you :)
#jonasbrothers simply rock :)
ha i'm missing it :) can u tweet back to me if they giving free shirts then i will go to one here
haha! ya jobby :) not heard that in ages! not really swearing but i'll let it slip for making me laugh :) jobbyjabber is better tho
is making fresh homemade coconut bread now :) nom nom
if you want #jonasbrothers to keep on trending. on every end of your tweet put #jonasbrothers. :) please rt.
ill dm justin 10 times about the first person to follow tell me if you did! go go go!! :d
it's a liberating not to have lot of friends on twitter. or not even friends just people i "know". i can get away from their bs & tweet :)
tweeting this at midnight during the biggest party night at ucla? even nerdier :)
rehearsing tonight's play :-)
u should definitely have rosemary at your easter dinner. here's why check in the produce aisle or by the meat case :-)
good day, all! i'm off to work, traffic going south is a bear already. have a good 1! :) remember, close your curtains, i'm watching! o-o ;)
jupp, i'll post it tonight :)
haha, i already knew that, i believe that's why i am following you :)
nighty night :d
builidng trellis for peas planted last week: new design w/galvanized pipe & rebar. on 2 perennial beds, compost turning & lilac suckers. :)
morning and enjoy the hills hyurk hyurk :)
kool :) hve u got jbs app on ya iphone? i have an it's amazing! i wood totally own on nlyg :)
yes. :)
good morning :)
that makes two of us! =)
chill baby it's not a bad mug shot by any means.... man aren't you considered a "hottie" in nz?? :-)
im now following 200 people! please dont ask to be followed! :) <3
tell your lovely friends to follow me mr black :)
good morning tweetie pies :)
hi :) can you help me to make #indonesianeedsdemi trending tonight? it's okay if you don't want to.
adoption is not that easy...isnt it? :p lots and lots of formality and takes time :d lol
i have to go...bye tweeps! keep following me and tweeting #indonesianeedsdemi :)
she can still nudge, but now she only gets to nudge the non-mousing/coffee-holding arm :)
patriot and christian friend thank you :-)
awww hopefully he will get it back soon! my sisters will go into catatonic stupour if theirs was taken away. :d
does anyone know a good site to delete all your tweets? :)
-> as present. totalguitar just reached its 200th issue :d
follow me back pls :)
will do. :)
suree :d
use :)
lets do it later i will take a nap now :)
ha! that's right. :)
lol! it's never a dull interview. :)
what is your fav' #mileycyrus song(s) ? :d
i've said it! haha. rhed! hahaha.ill just call u nika. can i ? :)
#ff follow me :)
: doing fine, :) hope your morning is just as well!
:) nothing much. just trying to get #indonesianeedsdemi hit the tts :)
i'm legit. not a bot. i don't mind truetwit. :)
6 months :)
:) kya haal hai? aaj office tha?
upgrading debian included an upgrade to mpd momentary jump in the music while it was upgraded. gnu/linux rules :-)
it's there for everyone :)
#jonasbrothers :)
i'm well :) on my way home later tonight!
dude. you're awesome. would you give me a shout out please? :)
</3 hahah, that's good :) i've been good. just really busy with coursework :( you reached 7,000 followers! x) lmfao..
i see : ) what about the #ipad , getting one soon?
it was great meeting you :-) , enjoy boca, fl !
nope upload alot of bgs for people to use :) ♥
mksh ya buat supportnya .... :)
happy easter! :) tough job, but sum1 has 2 do it. my #fridayflash is up on mad utopia:
with? :d
maybe it was not the new phone but the beer! lol j
just a simple and delicous spotted cow for my #beerfriday :-)
heyy yall : ) how's all my early birds morning going so far?
:) fertility festival pagans! mu plus+ s01e16 is ready 4 consumption. thx #imrs
we had a great lunch in kovalam :)
i like this!! jyeeaaahh! im with ya! tonite am beaming so bright till it's hurt ppl eyes.. watch out ppl,comin thru.!! :)
thank you! its open forum on monday any parenting question on any topic. live 2pm 877-222-5310 ( opps, made a commercial :)
lunch at ci in cc with my son. i enjoyed his company ad well ad the food :)
i knew i shouldn't have asked you that. :)
i was there...the other day na...u refused to come out :d
my dad loved root beer floats, and we used to have them on saturday nights when i was a kid. yumminess & memories. :)
