q:where do you live ? a:in spain :)
ahhh! yeah they are food times. i did the geek out line for the first 2 iphones... 3gs no line at all. fanboyz represent :-)
dinner at pvj with .anyone down come and holler :)
reply us with this format: (artist),(region/country),(date),(venue),(ticket link if available) :)
yea, not sure what brought that on :) how are you?
lol i think you'll be ok :) i'm going today, new member at balance downtown loew's hotel its gonna rawk!
yes, by default! :)
current stats: 6,252 tweets, 823 contributors, 893.1 tweets per day for #501carrotsformal :d
lol...gm :) i'm saying aint nobdy in my timeline but me & my baby we the only ones grinding thie morning :-/
maybe it is? :) /me ducks
hey hun hows you i like youre profile pic i lovee all time low now theyre cool aint they! :) love yaa legendary sis :d x
and follow :)
:( do something distracting and fun? :d
good morning to you as well! :-)
if you watched camp rock just because of the #jonasbrothers :)
if you love me a bit :)
thank you so much =)
loving this iphone. my sisters best friend was at the party last night and said i could keep her iphone all weekend :) x
all united people....calm down.... we got this :)
more belated thx & returns for the #ff 's! :)
seems to be the morning for people not sleeping. hope everything is okay though. :)
contest for competition nearly uploaded :) ;)
good morning all! it's a gorgeous day in ny, kids are at the playground with james, & i'm writing on the back deck aaahhhh :-)
ask me anything :)
good for you. do it with a smile :)
gota be that's ya only baby!!!! :)
help me get 410 followers today everyone..... tell your followers to follow nooowww (retweet please) :d
photo: indiana pommes ! :-)
being an asian girl (in da west) people view you as sexy, exotic even. bing an asian guy, they view you a tech support :d
might have some night time racing, or dusk finish at the very least. :) wonder what has for a forecast. #nascar
otw to jimbaran for dinner, seafood yuuummm.. and after that gig at ice bar, klapa! free entry.. so come along tweeps!! :)
we are the official street team for the band big time rush :) but i personally have a band haha :d -tay
yepp i will be at 8.805 :) lets go :ddd
pics or it didn't happen :)
i feel like im 4 years old & this is christmas morning :) first game of the season today #nats #sox! is it 4:05 yet?!
followed, thanks :d <3
inconvenient? no worries, though. i hope your day's going ok and the rest of it goes well. i'll see you later :)
thanks :)
bro, run yourself better k, i just saw u the curve, malaysia :) #brunei
#nowplaying the reasons hoobastanks do u eva get tired of thiz song :)
not playing, but the sentiment's the same :) np : i still haven't found what i'm looking for u2
hahahahahahahahahahahahaha :-) i knew you'd love it! lol
be back later, #jasminators. i'm gonna watch a movie :)
hey marvin :) twitter world is great! i've got no eggs yet but my mummy got me some jls merch for easter! dm some fans please?x
arch enemy are hanging out in eindhoven, nl :-)
we dont have 'grades' in england :)
wow...rt nonton american idol di star world duluuu euy sblm loading nanti malem :) boleeee jugaa nih usher :)
ahan...chennai is like an oven. but good man. ur bk on the 12th n me on the 14th :)
alohaaaaa! ;d salam dr mamakuuuwww :) hai tante :p sitting next to my mum....huggggggsssss!! ;d
yes i am! :)
i do a little modeling here and there yes =)
awsomee :) ahaha wanna move there too :p #mileyforever awww haha u roock twinniee <333 love you! #mileyforever
q:i love u;d from sexmebiebsy;d a:i love you too :d
thanks i wish you the best of luck on your diet! :)
half time nd its chelsea 1 man utd 0 :d
not with the features i have planned inshallah :-)
i would like this jacket :d >me 2!!
hhahahahahahah, and that's what i say too... lol, your dad is awesome. :d
omj yay the #jonasbrothers are still trending cuz there sooo awsome :)
happy saturday! :)
hey :)
i will totally arm wrestle :) don't worry about me though. i'll get one eventually. thx and have a blast!
breakfast time? me thinks so.. toast & tea (milk & 2 sugars) here i comeee :p be back in a min tweeties :) <3
come on chelski :)
have you seen any of them? :)
yeah its a horrid bug that's going around, maybe what you had for ages a few weeks ago! *hug* enjoy your weekend! :) xx
aww, that's good :) i care about her too...if you ever hurt her you won't want to know what will happen >:d but i know it
of course. i'll dm him for you :)
hello my name is dr greenthumb, i'd like to tell you just where i'm from retronils :)
see ya in an hour :)
1 nil blues at half. :)
thank you! i'm super excited :)
sorry, i wanted to send it to another person :d sorry :d i hate tomato juice.. ewww :d
selamat menikmati,, :) i luv' tonights as ariel !!! puuuurfect ! hahahahaha
i'm glad you loved the song =) *hugs* dear friend...
greatest of all time?? lol malouda is a goat :d
new update!!! the fan fage is still there!!! :( it keeps blocking ppl that's why we can't find it! we are blocked!!! crazy!!! :)
hi beautiful! :)
thank you :) nice to see you and my haiku together
hmmmm i don't know... i'm in a happy mood today so shall we keep the peace, i actually enjoyed the pleasantries yesterday :)
thanks dahhling. glad you liked it. i thought whole thing was awesome :)
it's official. i'm obsessed with kiss and tell :)
thanks u can come visit me anytime :-)
race day!!! :-)
all about mcfly :d
yeah whatcha doin? :d
oh... and good morning! :)
tar :)
check out this video chat from tinychat lets chat! :)
thank you :-) i appreciate that!
i seee :) do you see justin regularly?:)
followed back :)
q:ahaa i love ur bio :d a:thanks :d
i love :) and i love you have no idea how happy this just made me, watch & sub www.tinyurl.com/ykylqx2
ipad home delivery day. i have never seen so many of my ichat buddies available at 7:30 am on a saturday before in my life. :) (via
i love you :) three sentences and make me smile :d
ohh yea apple ipad i want :d
refolllllllow me pleasee :)
good morning love :) thanks very much, you as well xx
just give in, dont give up baby.
open up your heart and your mind to me. ^_^ <3
