in belgrade at the hotel, what a nice city! looking forward to mamolo club tonight :-)
yeahhhh so ill talk to the guys and well sort sumit out :)
#jonasbrothers fans are the best fans in the world. we aren't only fans. we are a family with a good base =)
good luck rt: writing terms of service for our upcoming product. :d
its nothing like free money! :) #jealous smh lol just leaving casino! killed em 2 (cont)
dang girl you are bad \\ thanks hun ^_^
hahaha :) thaaankss <3
if you're always going to support justin 110% :-) ♥
another beautiful day in canada : )
well, you could swim :-) ha
delayed thanks for at the #ff's! :)
enjoy your library! looks like a beautiful day. :)
in boston, weather and town great, heading to maine today, just hit lvl 41 in zenonia 2. =)
hiya have a great flight and hope to see u soon :) xx
hii olly :) do you still have the teddy and fanmail i gave you? hope your ok.. are you watching the manu match?? much love xxx
im from holland and christian is from the usa :)
hey lover :) ... how are you this morning?
officially im offline. but not really. :d but: bye!
#jonasbrothers fans are the best fans in the world. we aren't only fans. we are a family with a good base =)
ohhhh, so spring/summery adorable :)
ohhh coolio... lol double that keyshia cole cd :d
damn kimbo slice!!!!...lol im jp wit u girl :) lol
tom cruise goes crazy again! :) #scientology #tomcruise #comedy
lg mau jajal masang google analytic di facebook fanpage. mudah2an berhasil. kalo berhasil, ntar tak share rahasianya :p (kayak apaan aja) :d
bieber action. im gonna pull out my gun and shoot down all the haters.. boom boom :d bieber action?
i'm a girl shawty!! :)
today my breakfast will be some pizza..im a fat ass but who cares :) << jusss had me somee =) -hangovafood
gauti's point is getting vindicated tonight at chepauk :)
excited for the eggstravaganza lincoln park! you should come out & help! :-) come at 11 wearing a red shirt! see you there! :-)
woo hoo!!! it's saturday! bring on the #coffee and let's get this day going :-)
yeahh :) x is he followig you xx
ick about the weather conditions; yes indeed about the family fun and celebrating christ! :)
haha , i love & :) ` old video
nice and helathy then :)
the boys are playing a lot better now :)
come on chelsea focus-->and britain is blue today :)
now for a little wii routine with reznor... yes, i made him a mii character so he can workout with me. it's beautiful. :)
my mum is pretty hairy :) hahaha ily mum
used to love going to white hart lane was always good fun :)
my stopwatch finger is probably about accurate to 1/20th i reckon. obviously i don't need 100th's was #justsayin :)
heey :) #indonesianeedsdemi
it's "minima lefty stretch", by the way :) #usethesourceluke
haha nothing wrong with it at all, i won't judge ya :)
good morning jd, and good advice! such a gorgeous day out, gotta go enjoy! please do the same :)
thanks for the #ff :d
yay!!!! :-)
thanks for the shoutout :)
oke followed. folback ya :)
thankyou vaaaan :d :d tweet 1666 special for n my ♡ leehyunwoo ♥
big shoutout to my 250th follower :) thank you so much for folliwing !
tweet! tweet! feel like tweeting today :d
thass fucked up =( « : )
happy easter ppl :) don't eat too much chocolate... :)
oh, i'm back ppl :) and i bought souveniers :) and snacks :):):) how's ur holiday thus far?
yeah, just gettin' tattooed :d
yay! this girls is so sweet go follow her now :)
thanks for the retweets, you lovely tweeple. :)
when people ask me if im a fan of #jonasbrothers i answer with...im way past being a fan now, they are sorta an obsession :)
i will :) i had the last of the cheese haha. but when we get more cheese :)!
happy easter everyone :)
thanks :) i'm guessing a lindt bunny is pretty much a 1/2 marathon < i think it's more like 5k :)
thank you for all the #ff mentions! much appreciated :d
weleehhh let's roll dude . =) .
have a fantastic time today! i'll look out for you! and fingers crossed you get to meet him :) x
if you want me to folow you ! :)
haha i need to my nan 1 of those!! :l how are you? tiredd.. :)
chris moyles is funnay.. :) watching last nights show; love rob brydon & dominic cooper <3
such a lovely saturday =)
hahaha i will think like that all the time now :) x
mee too buleee..i'm sorry..kakak gw ultah..nextime yoo :)
come on town! please take a pic of the town crowd :d we always travel well.
i think she's just a little bit cuter. :d
finished my homework. that's nearly unbelievable! this text is .. unbelievable complicated! how did i understand it? ( i didn't ) haha :d
dont leave me now! you’re my everything to me #alwayskeepthefaith :)
not blecky , but ecky .. hahahart aku naik pesawat blecky :d yaa , taukok km larii (cont)
let's rock n roll!!! on me way to naff karaokeaaaan... wiff .. :)
thankkssss :) listed you 5 times :)
so gooood to see my kids in the morning on the weekends! get to enjoy breakfast w them : )
thankyou :)
park jung min's most fluent in mandarin among personnel ss501 :d #501carrotsformal
had a nice nap..feel refreshed :d
yes i loved rbd and rebelde was one of my favorite tv shows :) !!..
:) thanks xx
i just got a brilliant throwing knife kill :) #mw2
happy easter tweeps.... :)
thank you :)
eat it! muppet :)
thank you :) #followthemnow (part11)
photo: may last year in college please be kind and fun. :)
happy eastre everyone!! <3 (not that its many pepole thats reading this.. but happy easter anyway!! <3 :d
sidney! i'm done with 'invisible monsters'. text me where ur ojt is and i'll come by next week to give it to you :)
oke :d invite ya ka ;)rt oh noo !! bbm gw up-grade ! bagi pin klian (cont)
as yourself is the way. welcome again. :)
learnt an important lesson today...there are no shortcuts to success and a good road :)
what i love them, 50th tweet, :d
day in the house interrupted by possible dream guitar purchase :-) more news shortly
wah uplot yg byk deh .hihihi :d
how are you dream girl :-) have a happy weekend
my voice has left me...|| well, you sound just fine on twitter hon :) //that's the good part sweetie !
how amazing is the telephone video by lady gaga and beyonce :)
