once again #np taylor swift you belong with me :d
ty 4 rt's/mentions! :)
good morning charrise! ty for your "beloved family" mention. i love your tagline "full out & fearless"! wonderful we 2u. :)
got to give it up! / just gettin' through the week / cause to celebrate :)
whooooop! found return tickets to london for £18..so may get to go the london premiere of the last song :d
ooh okeee! :)
#jonasbrothers rule the world :)
ty 4 rt's/mentions! :)
lmfao. yea envy :d what was the other ones?
..follow back?! thanks.... :d
that's good :) i'm great thank you :) what have you been up to? :o
hello marv :) im just watchin chelsea match, bet ur as happy as me :) i got 1 easter egg wbu? :d i love you :) x
thank you :)
ty 4 rt's/mentions! :)
hey lauren :)
#jonasbrothers are my love..forever and always :) <33
we can always wait for shrikhand a little more :) hai na thakur?
follow right now guys ---> dont let me get my best friend chuck norris on 2 u jk hes justin best friend ahahaha :d
=) hiya!
just chillin at ma crib with my bestiez lol <<--- mwuah! :)
okay okay.... everything sort out.... passport back in process... cancun baby don't worry i'm there :-)
as soon as i get mine, i'll let you have yours... (dont hold your breath!) :)
i'm great :d
y'all i drove this car alllll the way to my cousins house :) lol i only fell dead once haaaha
according to a page on facebook called "jonas brothers world tour 2010", tour dates should be announced in a week :)
awesome. yeah i totally agree. :)
thankyou! do you know where she is!? :) like anything she is doing?? :)
i know :)
can you follow me back? :) <3
check out the new beaded flamingo items in my zazzle shop! :)
happy wedding day! and congratulations. :)
oh yeah? they say you can gain control of your dream if you manage to make yourself look at your hands in it :)
followed :)
if justin makes you smile :) #welovesteph
loosing followers!! shoutouts 4 shoutouts??? :d
party timeeeee!!! :)
open office? :d
watching the man u vs chelsea :) would much rather liverpool fc being top of the premiership lol
hope your first day open is going great!! ^_^
im from the netherlands :) hbu?
i'll be on my personal account for the rest of tonight ! follow me << goodnight :)
i'm off to work to be the ipad bunny...because every holiday needs to be surrounded by consumerism. :)

it's gonna be fun!
exciting! keith duffy is going to be in the savoy nightclub in glasgow on 17th april :)
ahhh, the sunrise, the birds singing, the fresh morning air, and bacon, eggs & coffee on the deck... :)
pancakes it is!!! :)
ok...thanks :) #indonesianeedsdemi
i love drunk and militant... can i watch? :-)
thanks & thanks. :) have a good weekend. *hugs back*
you deserve a award i am tweeting during the day time after a long time! :)
whooo love this pic :)
my pleasure! enjoy! rt: very neat tool! thanks for sharing :)
aaww thanks <3 but it's k :)
swedish love for adam :) thanks for all your hard work today from your friends at
jajaja, es verdad, fuiste premonitorio. :)
thank you so much :d
thank you! :-) i hope all is well!
nice. good luck :) i'm waiting at home for ups to show up and wishing i'd just preordered for the apple store.
haha. cool. :)
not yet dude, and the place is one of the best in blore, non-veggies eat out of its tablecloth! :)
woo club scene on white chicks :)
hello :-) yep all well in the world with us, how about you?
i don't get over anything! ....i simply get even :)
getting ready for the ipad stampede. :)
thanks! :)
awww thanks ^_^
course u could! :) oh have ya, who ya playing? x
aww i know. so hows ur love life? :)
i don't have it but i'll make one next week. :d imm on in fb and just tweetin
you'll see me :) i need to see #teamignorant on this lovely easter weekend
if your a belieber so i can list you :)
alright top 4 now!! go rowdy boyz :)
ha! too funny! as long as you don't think of peacocks on thanksgiving! :-)
what's up sam? :)
ur welcome beautiful! =) and thanks !!!!! =d
i'm sooooooooo excited :d :d :d
after talkin to my momz im feeling better... :)
thank you about my star :) i forget, but somebody gave you a real nice follow friday recommendation :) so i follow friday'd!!
damn i'm really balling right now. :'( this is bestest song! this is the one i can relate to =)
a homeless mcdonalds :)
jen_walker_16: great day for softball!! good luck and :)
there are a couple of men's roller derby leagues. mid-michigan has one. :)
huge props to for opening his club life radio show with my toni braxton remix!! nice to wake up to :)
shame taxi interrupted, would probably have ranted for hours. keep up the good work :)
ok great, fingers crossed. you know where to come if you have any issues or questions :)
i'm not biting myself on purpose-- yesterday i couldn't feel the right side of my lip but now i can! yeah, i have gauze :-)
lol! will send you an abridged version. it's a tad roomy, not rumi :)
i can only but assume that there was a plenty of planning put into this :)
haan. ekdam jhakaas application hai... ek baar istemaal karke dekho. :) must if you're someone who uses keybrd more than mouse
thanks! can't wait to watch, i love that actress too, ever since i saw her in muriel's wedding. :)
because i dont know many people my age who know who they are and i'm guessing you do :)
baha poli ur so funny! u have to knwo i luve you ! :) oo wait do u love buubble gum?
so who lives in singapore? wanna hang out sometime? :)
sorry for the e-mail attack and with artifacts #0 and magdalena #1 to press had time to catch up :-) now on to trades!
hey there! i'm following you..so, could you follow me back? thanks :) #indonesianeedsdemi
donuts & coffee & politics might have bad effects on me :-) up for shower pre-@jamestowncoffee get together.
followw he has an afro okay! thats cool.. :d
=)
waking up to the person you love is one of the best feelings in the world :)
so glad it didn't disappoint! :)
awww he's cute hun!! :-) xx
