ha ha :) i think he did no wrong...calling ordinary team ordinary is not an offence...
wow no thank you thats awesome :d
i'm great man :) can't complain (i hear that...same here!)
is kooks very young and energetic? fletch is a bit of a teenager tbh lol :-)
i miss chatting with you two. you two were my first girl friends on twitter you know : ) : ) : )
if only it could transfer into credit :)
can 5 more people follow ? :d
i think google chrome should have a justin bieber theme. omfgosh. i would love it! :d
you should be!!! :)
i used to think listening to life outside my apt. window was irritating. now i find it facsinating :-)
excited about creating art for climate change today with a group of like-minded people. i will find the artist in me somewhere :)
:) ... loads.. im an hour early before my shift so....i can watch it
my mini fiah tank :)
followed already :) -taylor
bah. i'm a city fan. not keen on chelsea, but would prefer united not win the premiership. :)
your welcome :d thank you to you too!
told me to follow you =) follow back?
follow and u'll get a solo shoutout !! :)
on youtube :)
you mean sambar is the new blood :)
#infolimit kak lagi limit ya yg baik,yg cantik,yg ganteng.thanks :-)
okay, friends... i have more kindle freebies... wow... you are warned :)
no one ever understand what i feel about #jonasbrothers :/ except for the jonas fans, i mean.. the jonas family ♥ :d
wowee! :d
hahahahaha , that just made my day :) , we both have bieberfever :)
which city doctor? and well if i follow you maybe you can follow me back, how does that sound? :)
am sorry...but yes :d its manchester united playing here :d
do them :)
i just woke up laying sideways in bed o.o ... i'm getting a drink of water and going back to sleep. niiiiiiiiight ^_^
if you want me to list you :)
can't wait to see the first pics :) congrats to you and
i just love them :d xd ... btw hows school (:
shoutouts 4 shoutouts? 10 for 10?? anyone?! :d
aww hope you feel better soon, enjoy the rest of your weekend and of course, the tour too :) x
odd associations- if i see a wagtail, i always think of martyn waghorn what with calling him wags or waggy :)
i should probably say that is going to be guest tweeting tomorrow. :d
what time did you go to bed at? i went to bed at 10pm because i hadn't got to sleep the night before! :d did i wake you up? :(
*hugs* i totally understand how you feel. :-)
next 10 people to sign will get a shoutout,dm to justin and listed 2 times :)
nice topic, and i tottaly agree with it, #ukwantsbieberback :)
i heard rob does a great job playing tyler. :)
i want my free ipad #websdotcom :)
ahh okay! :) what did cody dm you?
i was just showing some #yp and they all agreed with you :)
it's a small world after all. :)
let's trend #jonasasiantour now :d #jonasbrothers
gd'morning bff and to mister man you have a big game tonight huh!! :) :)
most welcome =) (cont)
thank you :-)
i'm doing great too thanks :) got a fun day planned?
hahah, i know :) i understand ;) & awh, i might do the same. the computer takes up too much of my life. :|
oh ok cuz i thought i seen pj morton on the tag line :) #idigress
:) that limoncello is deadly stuff, lol.
si doel drama musical early bird tickets for sale! (may 15th at gkj jakarta) message me for more info :)
hello peeps! hope u all have a gr8 easter weekend! :d
beautiful day hope everyone spends it wise :-)
if you follow, , and tell us, we will give u 5 shouties and list you 5 times!! go go go<3 help some beliebers out! :d
gaining muscle. :)
aww why u always there for me :)
14 of u please follow :)
aah cool does she loves u back? :d
amazing view :d /via / thanks davina:)
okayy i will right now =)
omgooooosh my muum saaid u make sooooo awesome music ! :) ahahahaha :d
its a pleasure sneh you're awesome! keep being yourself and posting great content :) #followlove
followed :)
your welcome. btw meko aap number de sakte ho apki pyarise behna ka so that i can wish her. :)
well, i like it!! :) happy weekend to you!
if you want me to list you :)
re-follow me pretty please :d why'd you unfolow anyway? bieber boy fans are awesome
thanks for and ff :)
i know there are some niley lovers following me so go and follow :)
잘못 고르셨군요 ^_^ #퀘이사_
i'm not going anywhere :)
can u folow me i will follow back :)
british gp back to brands hatch, now that would be good :)
sa7teeeeeeeeeen.. i never tasted a batta before :d
i wait for tweets like i wait for :) (there you go ceci) :)
wonderful tweeps and partners in inspiration and success! #followfriday :-)
really coz im from the #philippines and its mega hot here in #manila now :)
like ppl wit tweetbeef stfu u ain't nowhere near dat person so u ain't gonna do shit even if u see dem u problay =) fuckin fakes
you have to try it then! it comes in a can or out of a bag and is simply delicious! :) when you try it, you'll understand!
oh..and nigeria is off terror watch list. allegedly. so i dnt hv to strip for airport security anymore :d
nice topic, and i tottaly agree with it, #ukwantsbieberback :)
anybody want to tweet cam with me :) ?
heyyyyyy :)
hihihi jaaaaaaaa i freu mi :)
if your cool, you would follow :)
q:hello, can you follow me? if not, its okay =) a:what's your twitter? :)
canada fans of why did i get married too? is in theaters now but limited. be sure to go out & see this great movie! :)
#mjfam please follow --->> she's wonderful =)
kinda :) gogogogogogo and follow btw justin is already following us :p
i'm wishing renewal and all things "peachy keen" for you today. happy weekend connie! :)
i'm here :)) main kuis yuuk :d
edit: people like me and fell for my puppy dog face and gave me a preface banana :)
kollam archana theatre il vach #akby kku sweekaranam nalkiyappol! :d
goodmorning! gonna have fun today im so exited! haha i love family parties :)
hahaha. yes i wasn't.. it really hard to go online this past few days.. soo i was just sneakin' :)
your probably right there :)
errrr my tweets have been clean oooo :d
