lol- i was gonna say- as geeky as i am- even *i* wouldn't wait in line all night :d
3 of u please follow :)
don't forget ga bosen dgrin lagu "heartbeat" by listening bgt :-)
you're welcome! =) you are worth following.
for now only macs but pc version is in the works :)
thanks for the rtl!! =)
if you are from europe and you are true belieber<3 :)
if you are from europe and you are true belieber<3 :)
rofl i guessed it was a to me :-) cool i've never been further than calais lol. i'm going out tonight for in laws birthday
i choose to live in easy world ~ where everything is easy. :)
happy birthdayyyyyyyy my be the best son and man in the world and may god bless u always :) ♥♡♥
gettn ready to go to orlando to hit wet n wild :) ... if this bum wud hurry up!! smh!
lmao... i <3 shots! yum! i think you'd be fun to drink with :d
fell asleep not feeling too well lastnight, just woke up feeling totally fine :d today, i'm going shopping. yay. maybe haul?
oh my cuz is coming today ugh shes older then me but fun and my lil cuz :)
done :) hehe.
up too early on a saturday b/c the rest of my family is in the stupidface eastern time zone, but at least my dad will be surprised. :)
if you're a proud #jonasbrothers fan! :d <3
i like seesmic for twitter on my g1 and it's free :-)
thanks, they're my fave wolves. :) love your profile pic of alex and chaske! =p
*crashes in your tent*<-plenty of room .... but it is pretty chilly! steam coming from mouth :)
if justin makes you smile :) #ukwantsbieberback
great brotha! listening to some reggae and soul on :) slowly waking up
good morning =) its sooon nice
cool :) what's your favorite song from her? #indonesianeedsdemi
good morning how are you?? :)
thank you :)
thanks!!!!!! :d
pleasure : )
:) i'll just stay there until you can come hang out... i mean, no one really drives on that street anyway.
yeaah :) ♥ i looove it <33
i'm done with helping people now :) i got about 4 people to there goals.
don't forget to fan us on facebook go on click the link i know you want to :) #parenting #moms #dads
no problem =)
gggooddddd morning... :) :) we have a busy workout planned.. kickbozing/spin and yoga. back 2 back 2back... who is down to meet me?!
i don't beg my parents for nuffin cuz african parents feel no way to say no the more u beg from young!//i cry n dey giv in :d
once you have seen the marina and ward park i think you are done. should take an hour tops :) me ok, arm surgery looms...
photo: shopping :-) — at fleamarket perpignan
liverpool are my first team, then i like sunderland too. because im from sunderland :)
easter bunny breakfast with my little siblings :) oh joy
laundry then going home for easter! :)
good morning twitter people! :)
yayyy =) :-( me and are planning to go this summer!
could u follow me if ur not already ? wanna have more beliebers :)
i'm glad ups has my back. thanks for the follow up well, are you? ipads are very much on our mind this week. :)
lovely faq :) xx-lj
we need i new co'owner. we're having a conetst. shtow us why you love justin, but you have to also give us your pic :) r
famous (part-time) floridians full of love... :)
wooooo been ages but basket ball with zverybody everybody :d haha :dxx
can i get 2 more lists?? please i will list u back.. :)
i really lold dat lol mine are too =)
are you doing a soundcheck? :) xxxxxxx
help to get 200 views :) please follow your german army!!
5 moreee followers? :d
can u follow her for me graciepie? :)
thanks :). i'm hoping we'll be able to plan a banquet one day and accept awards. maybe in shiraz? one can dream :)
thanks wendy :)
looking forward to banbury tonight with and rob :)
followed :)
aww thanks for the shoutout :)
lol...good morning! :-)
hi john thanks for following ;) i like u already u born same year as 1 of my favorite boys :)
weenie hut jr fitness is opened right around the corner for you :)
adobe sneaks flash apps onto apple and android devices through the back door: <- good move adobe :)
if your a belieber so i can list you :)
and with accessories :)
yay!!!! happy birthday i know you'll have a fantastic day!! love ya! :)
woohoo!!! #jonasbrothers is trending!!! i can't believe this, but let's face it. jonas brothers' fans are plobnrg!!! :d
#alwayskeepthefaith god is good. :)
time to make my birthday cakes! :d
salutations. up a lil early out here. late sleepers in this house. :) i suppose i'll get some more homework done...
if justins voice makes you smile :) #ukwantsbieberback
what's for dinner? :)
there's a large difference between 'shameless' and 'shameful.' i've always preferred the former. :)
oh reallly ,, so come :)
thank you for the #ff :)
you got mad skillz regardless. :-)
if you are from europe and you are true belieber<3 :)
ksc today the coolest place on earth! sunrise view of vab & pad 39a during drive in never gets old. :) #sts131
grand thank luv! you in sweatystown? i am :)
oraiti! senen, nads' house, rb, chatroulette, nntn....shortbus?! :) ceth is too cute.
thanks :)
with my cousins! :) *mau bikin iri... kekekekekek... =d
200! thank you whoever added me to 2 more love you :)
hey, how are you :)
happy b.day to my babygirl !! shoutout to you my girl :) enjoy cuz this day is your day ! muaah !
to everyone. give me your old pokemon cards please :) kthx <3
:) apparently anything apple does is an event.
ganight oz twitterville! in the bed with my fam. i need to relax and i really sleepy like a king :) xx
but that is the future of britain, johnathan :)
i'm back. yay!!! =)
and i got no invite smh ... thank you :) ... she's a pomeranian and bichon mix
good morning and happy easter weekend!! :-) have fun hunting easter eggs!
rise and grind lil niccas!! have a great day =)
hello! good morning! :-)
good morning!!! ...on my way to work. :-)
yeah i do :)
ugh, ts cold and raining here in chicago, i liked yesterdays weather better :) #happybirthdayparis
nothing really, hey do you know who is ? :d
view from kitchen window this am. 2 hot air balloons :) #fb
