=)
#peopleshould follow cos' then we get a tweet off the beautiful :) ♥
knpa hayo?kok lg pd marah2 чā..sabar чā ibu2 pkk :) i'm disappointed ┌п┐ (◣_◢)┌п┐
hehe good idea :)
sweettt!!!! just got php running with nginx php-cgi. now the objective is to do this chef :)
ha the planned worked now sav can stay here :)
can u follow me i will follow back :)
what flavor do you have.? :) no no i have to thank you hun <3
lol! yeah, bit of a bummer! they are just saving the best for last, that's what i think :)
follow me pls :)
watching 1 of my all-time favorite movies, "moulin rouge" =) "the greatest thing u'll ever learn, is just to love & be loved in return."
#realtwimbos kept a bottle of amarula in the house >> haha we had ours in the display! /via >> sha. i still do! :-)
was little mood out in the morning due to some meeting outburst. feeling good after watching some good knock by compatriot :d
thanks to everyone who came to see me play at luminosity yesterday! i had a great time!!! :-)
i could get my brother to take us to tesco tomorrow for the bits for the trip if you like? & okayy :) asif its 2 now :| argh xx
vegetarians don't eat once-animals. pescatarians eat only fish :)
im jus out & about doin some shoppin! :)
:d wanita itu seperti bebe. kalo track ball-nya lagi macet, sering bikin bete.
thank you so muchhh. wanna a shouts for me? :d
im watching the two football matches, and nothing else :) you?
any particular aspect? :)
now follow please :)
k-fed? so the rest can minister 2 him? god loves him 2 !! :)
you gotta come over.. :) :p
thanks! :d
nice. i see you're pretty "destined" :)
watching clash of the titans with my boy :)
thanks so much for the link!! i appreciate your expertise on the wildflowers :) i will look into getting that!
sure! it helped..see sounds again healthy! :d i hope your magic cured 's ill :)
jayson mraz im yours :d
:) wondering what cnn reporter has in mind when she says there need to be harsher penalties for suicide bombers
im good :) you?
thanks man, shit was dope!! :)
follow me :) thanks
perhaps you'll win one! :) i expect them to be the new ipod of conference sweeteners later this year ;)
guys please go follow now : :)
#titanictweet all united people....calm down.... we got this :)
thanks... and good idea! :) bye for now x x
my easter eggs :-) happy easter to you all!
now i'm following you :)
heyyyy <3 hows every1 ?? :)
such a gorgeous day out, gotta go enjoy! please do the same :)
if you follow, , and tell us, we will give u 5 shouties and list you 5 times!! go go go<3 help some beliebers out! :d
morning #spacetweeps and twitternauts! going to the astronaut hall of fame today :)
hah! finde ich super! :)
happy easter everyone anywhere in the world! :) ciao!
gonna go pick my brother up from the station in a sec :) hehe xx
gmornin fellas n ladies! have a great n blessed day!! :)
no it isnt :)
if you want me to list you :)
hello remy! ty for your "respect" mention. i respect your respect! :) have a great weekend! #ff
random! just bumped into and at the ship :)
yeah :)
lovebug jonas brothers :) oooh where you going? xd hahaha
yeah the problem is getting round to making the effort. i want to though. when off this diet will go all out on it. :)
haha, thanks for the : )
battery's gone low again >.< shit phone!! can't wait to get a blackberry :)
amen! dem no fit...according to it myt actually b an easy win 4 us :d
i just thought the three different feathers were cute lol but ur on point :)
lol. i just showed my mum the #bieberordie videos. & she goes "he has a lovely voice!" :)
back :)
followback ya tysm :)
i think i'll sit out on the front porch until the ups truck stops by today. then yard work :-) #ipad
idk :/ but i´m gonna go to see it for sure :d
uhm okaaaaaay? i'm not justin :d
follow me pls :)
you too. and don't eat too many easter eggs :-)
go little monster. ;) how was your break, miss patch? :)
it was an april fools joke. :)
losing three players in the championship league game arsenal will fight for the win today..but i have faith that they can do it :)
no one ever understand what i feel about #jonasbrothers :/ except for the jonas fans, i mean.. the jonas family ♥ :d
no one ever understand what i feel about #jonasbrothers :/ except for the jonas fans, i mean.. the jonas family ♥ :d
bad times easter bunny. bad times :)
thanks :)
no no aaj holiday. weekend off! :)
thanks and enjoy the sun if you need any one to rub lotion on you let me know :-)
sometimes! :)
if you want me to list you :)
hope you had a good trip shada!! good morning!! :) haha.
follow because she represents "jonas brothers turkey" so good :) i'm proud.
crocheting a bunny... :)
tulsa!!!! aww i am too far away otherwise i would come treat ya to some dinner and hang out wit ya for a while :)
thanks,niken! come on tweeting #indonesianeeddemi come do this for demi lovato :)
i need the necklush in your avatar. that green is my absolute favorite color. makes me happy :)
it makes u lovey bahahaha :d yeah ur not! ur a monkey baha ! :d
so is this time to eat another easter egg, or should i not be giving you ideas? :)
haha my sister felt that way when johnny depp said her name on 21 jump street :d
awesome! :)
thank you for the tweet out rachel! are you setting your alarm clock? :) x
hey! i see you!!! ltns. :)
you are doing a great service on twitter by improving inter-continental relations, so that's got to be worth something. :)
thanks :)
shoutout to !! <3 :)
guys thanxs for the shoutout hold on i will list yooh :d
haha not really la..kinda pissed? i wouldn't say i'm angry. just pretty pissed. ok well angry la..a little. now okay alrd :d
unfortunately not :)
i am *not* in line to get an ipad at a best buy in rochester, mn. easter egg hunt happens at the same time & will be a cooler event. :-)
#demilovato is such an amazing singer. her songs are so catchy and wonderful. you rock my world demi :d i love you <3
you can make it all up to us by letting us sign in. or, you know, just me :-)
but yay for practice contractions! means baby is getting closer to ready to come say hi :)
