redirection... i love it! :) you having a good, religious easter?
im kinda alittle stoked for monday :)
bring on your federico macheda! he's coooooool! wanna see him scores an og ayeaye :d
heyy, how are you? :d
that's what the retrotoon channel is for. :)
heyyy gm 2 u hunn =) how u doing and feeling this am?
yay for non-canned goods! we're having beet burgers and kale salad. :)
glad uou're doing well! it's warm here, too. maybe i can get mama to open the windows. thanks for the idea! :-)
next person to follow will be listed & get a shoutout :)
you can do a little of everything :)
bring me to my goal!! please!!! 1,500 followers by the end of the day!!!
please!!! :d <3
yay!!! i'm so happy for you!! yall are gonna have a blast! :)
welcome home, sir!! :d
i just found one of my soaps in this gorgeous gardening treasury! so excited :-)
just finished off the dns server move, if you notice any oddities in loading sites i'm running, please tell me asap :)
i'd be happy to if i were closer. :)
hahhahaa ganas! :) tsk tsk tsk god made her so perfect that her ugly character matched her ugly face
<< follow now :)
hi hass, hope you're well :)
increase your revenue streams at free members get paid as well! join us today :)
shocked that a pint of guiness costs £3.15 and a real ale £2.95. last nights beer cost a bit. still good laugh though :)
nope. rehearsal in a couple of hours, then working the house for a show tonight, then tech all day tomorrow. :d
hey frere, doing great, weather is going to be fantastic today. i don't think jack quite "gets" it lol, he will in the morning :)
tx 4 rt! next spirit author contest, please consider vote for me + get my new e-book free! pass it on :-)
if i would've known that i wouldn't have gotten up to go to work to be sent home when i got there. but i can't complain... :)
multi talented mom. otw home...mau masak buat anais dan iyub :) menu weekend: nasi goreng seafood, ayam saus peanut b...
yeah i know :) thanks
it's five o'clock somewhere :)
well deserved 'man booker prize'? :d i was reading "the white tiger" by aravind adiga before & i neva know how i fall asleep
: wasn't doubting you c was looking for wider reactions :-)
bikinin proposal :-) *menghayal* andaikan  bisa ______________ *silahkan isi yg kosong*
lol :) it predicts green party will win a seat too which is good lol :)
good morning! :) goodmorning everyone.
yes unpaid internships is america's answer to illegal immigration and global outsourcing. that's innovation : )
pls follow back :)
hey, i did unfollow u bcuz u did either.. but im refollowing u, so would u mind to refollow me? :)
heyyy! .... is goin to follow youu :) follow them bk! xd <333
and this? is why i love you... :)
happy wedding day! and congratulations. :)
haha i know i will probably do one again later if i get bored :)
oh, you're kidding?! you're finally in chi & i'm not? bummer. well, you'll have to come back so we can make some mischief!! :)
dear unfollowers you are all now unfollowed :)
if you want me to list you :)
hello, #jonasbrothers are trending? this made my day, haha. :d
sayangnya ada :) istriku fans rooney haha sdh coba dibekalin utk jadi gooners tp msh gagal :p
never let you go is amazing :d
ack! looking for a last minute babysitter for my nephew today so i can take my sister out for a girls brunch.. any takers? :)
yeah :) #ukwantsbieberback
no still stateside ... had a series of webinars in the uk and scotland for an interested enterprise. : )
very true! though *eek* am i nervous right now. :)
on my way to my bf home for dinner with d'family without bismillah.. :)
yes, that's what i was thinking. :)
good morning everyone *waves* up early... going to wake the kids and make a suprise run to ocean shores for the weekend :)
driving :-) beautiful weather
and good morning to you , hope you have a blessed easter weekend :)
will post my shortlist on flickr when i'm done so that u can take a look :)
unboxing the ipad... there's an app for that? :d
hey jade! how are you ? :)
enroute to the apple store in portland, maine with #ipad here we come! :-)
i didn't unfollow all of them. out of 600, i only unfollowed 144. yg udah gak nyambung aja :)
whootttt! :d blue is the color football is the game,chelsea chelsea is the name!!!!
the coat was later handed into the local post office. with bob marley, but no blow. :-)
#ilovesouljaboybcuz he sexy as hell, he came from nothin to sumthan & he neva shitted on those who loved him b4 the fame :)
thank u :) its just u though lol is it me or has the cutest eyes...
is this a book or a magazine? in any case, please write to customer_service@kinokuniya.co.id for more accurate answer. thanks. :)
in hungary too :) it was a munica brava decade! :d:d
you're welcome :d
i think i caught a cold from :( <-- awhhh bless u both! get well soon :) x
i love you :)
can you send me the ressies too? :)
i'm so happy for you :)
good morning :d
lolss howww youu boredd 9 innn dhaa morninq :)
you are very welcome! : )
yeep! i was a freecycle no-show today.. :( fortunately, the nice man accepted my apology, and we now have a small collection of golf bats :)
followed them :)
nope, -_- but i just ended up playing with my niece all day. so i guess thats better than walking. :d
now you know how us mere mortals felt during #sxsw :)
can you make a bg of selena, miley, taylor swift, and demi? :d
#newfollowers: :)
:-) cleaned 14.04 gb with #cleanmymac from
exciting book :) #trainadventures
newsletter is a bit late this month due to moving hosts, but should be coming out this wkend! :)
okay :) tell me if you ready.
no need to thank me...it was amazing being with all of you! whenever you want to go back...my family is available! :)
no. isaid nipples, plural =) .. imean yu kould throw yur face in the pic too lmao sheesh.
follow or shoutout to :)
thanks paul can't believe i only have 8 weeks left! i like the fact that it's a local site...good luck with it :)
notice the first time we see tyler in remember me. he is outside a window, looking in. the last time, he is inside, looking out a window. :)
breakfast outside this morning, weather is unreal! :)
we're all dino nuts :) but i'm a big fan of the giant sloth and (new to me) che che the lizard-monkey link!
*smile* smiles back =) <--- heyyy good mornin
that makes you an author, na! :) so you wont try and push it out to others?
great thx <3 hbu? :)
gw gak tega nontonnya, takut euy, jalan2 aja ah, update terus ya! :) ooooh what a misss by chelsea!! almost made it 0-2!
hehe sama2 ka..sumpah aq ampe sakitt perutt liat kk lucu dan gokil abiezzz :)
saturday nite at the studio...welcome to my world!! :)
go get 'em! :)
thank you follownya ya :)
mee :) #ukwantsbieberback
5, 4, 3, 2, 1 ..0... #bammmm :d
hey :) so i'll be seeing you in 20 days. and i was wondering what do you miss most about doylestown? i'll bring stuff for you :)
yeah, i love it :d
lol. well, good luck :)
haha :) it is! it's him with his trumpet!
your welcome. :)
haha good to hear! :d
can u say to me anything in spanish? :d (@teamcyrus live on
it sucks. ohkay :)
okay again sorry :d if you want me to follow you (must be following us) (9 people) :d
dank je wel :-)
please check with customer service :)
m fine :) u?? no m from brumana!!
#jonasbrothers family are my second family =)
thank you :)
hii here's the ashley one i made :)
who's the street preview? i'm on the road but not sure if i'll make it in time. :)
follow me pls :)
yeah good times :)
i'm sitting at home watching cartoons, eagerly waiting for a little box :)
woho thank you :d
*dunno how to react :d i just put u on my "guys to fuck" list. congrats!
thanks for the ff! :) x
pretty good so far aside from being up at such a disturbingly early hour. :) how have you been lately? keepin busy?
lol, yes, that would be fantastic "field study in international ministry and social connections;" works for me! :)
bbc switch is complete crap. its supposed to be aimed at teens, not children. the "presenters" act hyperactive and stupid. rant over :)
thx for :) nickmonas rt who likes jonas ??
btw how old are yaa? :) school? its so boring, but i love that. cuz i can see there my friends and 1 boyu.. what about your .
if someone told me a few months ago that naty will use twitter one day, i wouldnt believe him at all :d follow !! <3
thanks much!! :) cool 3d commercial real estate leasing software
nothinggg muchh :) yourself? :)
sometimes i dont get shiv sena, and then i dont get india.... are they still unaware of laws!! =s >> v r their in laws now :d
just remember you're not supposed to hide behind the sofa until dr who starts. get outta there! :d
ask me anything :)
i am serious*yea i bet i'm excited n bless b/c of life that i have n will concieve :)
rt- thanks much!! :) cool 3d commercial real estate leasing software
any afrodites or fanyls here? :) x
rt- thanks much!! :) cool 3d commercial real estate leasing software
thank you :-)
coincidentally, i'm a libran :)
sitting in my driveway selling some treasures. :)
ur a bikram yogi!!! me too!! :) « awe shuckie!!! yes!!! isn't it simply (cont)
ha, yes i do, but aren't you talking about bulge not gut :)
morning!! : )
i dmed him 10times i hope he will follow and dm you your deserve it :d
heyyy :) yeah ugh long story read my timeline u tweeted a bunch this morning :) and aww i missed u too :) how r u?
#jonasbrothers is trending, just noticed :) !
2 all the new followers, thx 4 rockin w/ ur girl. u r now n 4 the ride of ur life. buckle up & beware of turbulence. enjoy the ride luvz :)
very true. at least we can watch them again :)
good morning... :)
bom dia e bom dia twitter!! :d
i'll answer your questions! :)
lmaoooo. youre a fool. & youre keeping me awake :)
cuz i'm a strong believer of pure love=teamwork=sucess in everything :)
happy birthday sirjee. :)
"n is for...?" "nazi! nick griffin! uhm, nu labour!" :)
i will. =) what do you do? like what do you have going on?
no i want hot adirak #chai :d
ho ho #playing :d hopefulllllly this holidayyyy ;) muahahha :)
nice one, way to finish buddy! :)
haha no, you can a
call me alex or aly(: lol i go by both, i'm the only person on this account :)
finally something explains the smell... its probably wrong that it doesn't change my opinion though! :-)
don't trample anybody to get to it! :)
aww shane i feel proud ^_^ <3
hmm this new layout really confuses me. i'll check again when i turn my laptop on :)
oui :d
si doel drama musical early bird tickets for sale! (may 15th at gkj jakarta) message me for more info :)
aww we got food for ya :( where u at hun xx< yayy, i'm 1 stop away from canning town :) xx
follow my 1290 follower :d
"clash of the titans" efeknya bagus. apalagi kalo nontonnya 3d. meski temponya agak lambat, tapi tetap #layaktonton :)
if you love my background. :d
it's not the size, it's the functionality :)
you volunteering to be my gofer :-)
#jonasbrothers say we're the best fans in the world & they mean it!!!!! [and that's the truth ;p] :d ♥
basically anyone who wants to join in! :) i've received many from lots of different people...
acha tho muska time lol fan club member aap bhi :) i liked her tv series with interviews in 2005 and 2006
don't worry about me i'm way too excited for you and :d <3
come on blues lets beat these guys and take the title :)
ah okay :) surely. show me times, maybe ?
tx 4 rt! next spirit author contest, please consider vote for me + get my new e-book free! pass it on :-)
thanks sis..!!:)) for always there for me ..!!! mas okay kah pah sa ate koh... ^_^
just went past the arena where me & steph will be seeing p!nk in june :d
depending on when i get back from dundee... make sparks/the kays lavelle/midnight lion/ambulances... then it'll be a blur :)
please check with our customer service at :)
anyone isn't following yet? follow her now! she's super awesome!!!! i'll give shoutouts to those whi follows her :)
#jonasbrothers fans are the best fans in the world. we aren't only fans. we are a family with a good base =)
off 2 races i'm going places might b a long a shot #indonesianeedsdemi :)
what have you planned guys? :)
that would be awesome :)
is ready to go out with bec :) she best get ready now.
tks :) lg mau bobo sambil nge-barney. demennya dino ungu nice daddy...salam buat acha :) janganlah bersedih
follow :)
yea n it's a short day at school :) aww lucky lol xd xxxx
i told y'all, i wanna be a model for blac label or sean john.. that would be something :)
tx 4 rt! next spirit author contest, please consider vote for me + get my new e-book free! pass it on :-)
i stole shirt ... i wonder if he noticed ! its finna be my summer beach coverup ! =)
omg did u really so jealous lol. :)
going to the arcade :)
kat took all my tech n engr books and that one was a fav! i coded all the attractors, julia set, at uno lab :) calculus on next
yo don't front 'cause i'mma send you my gangsta he gon run up on y'all ass lmao -- :d
