yeah im gettin it. :) couple weeks time xx
you should be tweeting abt #csk performance today my friend with especially the murali vijay's knock :d
hahaha how much did you eat. :) i want hot cross buns.
this tweet if u are a fan of i will listed u :)
thank you sweetie :)
one of my old students, 혜민/hyemin just texted me and asked me how i was doing :d
#jonasbrothers are amazing <3 i will always love them. :)
just made chocolate fondu with strawberries!! yum! all gone now :( booking flights for dubai to visit my family today :d melissa xxx
and to you and too, paul. enjoy your saturday; sunday is coming :)
i see someone leaving the store with an ipad box!!! i can't wait to be leaving with my own ipad :)
goodmorning friend :) i think i am still alittle asleep all that fresh air and sunshine yesterday,
good :) say hello from the internet!
could u follow me if ur not already?wanna have more beliebers :)
blasting my world 2.0 & attempting to help mommy make breakfast. <3 :)
shouldn't be a source of it. :)
sempre :)
getting some sick #hdr brackets of downtown wilkes-barre, pa. they should rename it to bracketsville, pa. if only i was the mayor... :)
boring :d and you ((:
lol... watch this > << and you'll know who iam :) x
anytime =)
11 hours ago? wow ;o :d
jeez #jonasbrothers is still trending :d yah we rock :d and prescious byber isnt :d mwahaha
hi! thanks for choosing smart. feel free to follow and dm us should u need our assistance. =)
and son are going to the #rays-#bulls game in durham today. dad will be cheering on his rays from the very high seats. :)
don't forget we are on www.bbc.co.uk/asiannetwork from 6pm! tune in you know it makes sense :-)
loved seeing last night. the cast were amazing and have definitely swayed me to go visit again :)
i dunno...rotten tomatoes gave it a 31% on its tomatometer...that's not very good. see it at your own risk. :)
ours come in around 1 or 2. :)
haha +1 gauti's point is getting vindicated tonight at chepauk :)
thanks for the mention! :)
i know, still hating time differences. it really is pissing me, haha. you should be online now, cause i'm gonna kill you. :)
u look young in this picture :d
morning doug.not quite a fine day for me. starting the day with physics then studying all day but i guess i have no choice. :)
morning gratitude: that that wasn't my dog barking while waking up the whole neighborhood :)
lemme see! :d
the best reason gets retweeted. :)
just gave me a shoutout!!! :) follow her now!!!!! <3
heading out to dive ft. pickens! word on the street is we will have 15ft vis and 68 degree water :)
myrt!!! great to see you there!! love the new logo..and obama :-) you're a gem to have in my twitter world. cindy
heading back home to nyc early tomorrow morning. enjoy this beautiful florida weather one last day :)
tough day for us today but it does make tomorrow rather interesting :-) massively looking forward to the challenge!!
book of quotes and notes in lounge i find as good purpose for that size. fits down side of sofa :)
happy easter to my demi :p. :)
saw a tweet last night of someone claiming it backfired into making dc look cool... i begged to differ :) #peoplesposter
ehhh shes going :d she musta seen me tweet pmsl. bubiiiiii *waves*
arre wow. good old college days :)
please help me to get #vietnamlovesbieber a tt :) thank you so much <3
so i did get u some. how many? :)
followed kok cantikrt yrwlcm, fllwback ya c: rt: thank you follownya ya :)
yeah. how to train your dragon was way better :)
thankies :)
idk .. :o ... i haven't even study :d
#jonasbrothers...are truly..the best<333 :-)
awwww you are so cute :) love u, how are you ?<3
because it is awesome/badass/adorable. :)
rob is in there :d this week in photos!
aww thanks. i'm glad your well. hope the weather holds up for you over the next few days. and i'll try :) don't work too hard!
you must not be a country music fan, then? :)
i'll remember that for next friday. :)
i just took "a real life justin bieber love story! (part 3)" and got: :d read below...! try it:
heey! can you please follow :)
umm.. wear miumiu shirt, watch the musical and ride volkswagen golf :)
hey :) whos this now? x
by tweeting far, /far/ too much. :)
thank you mark. :-) feels good to be home.
yer most welcome :)
peace, good morning! :-) #sockstealer
hello #bandarilissnup : )
1st gens make great gifts when 2nd gen's come out. :-)
ppl say hoe to train ur dragon is better than alice, n i'm finally catching alice 2nite.. so let's see :)
:) thank you! xx
i'll add some pictures on it and its completely done. :) be back soon.
oh your welcome and thanks :)
more excited about seeing ashton altieri at cherry creek than getting my ipad :)
hi !! a shout out to our old friend from all adroitz crew! :) bandung? check out mr. v at mansion tonight! must see!
"great! hvala za ovo :) " grand funk railroad – the locomotion ♫
thank you :-) saw macy's (last one) & literally checked clearance $ like every 2 weeks for months lol
can u guys list me just 14 more times? :d you will get a huge shoutouts if you do, and then you tell me :d
have fun hon :)
:) good point
fact #69: justin loves his penis :) thats why he touches it a lot.. sorry it was number 69 i had to do it!
sleeping disorders and irregular patterns is your problem since like... ages. i'm innocent. :) i didn't do anything
justin bieber fans and i will list you :)
returning home to blast some ms badu! mums en route! :d
ok jadi #wyr ya? okkkk.... #wouldyourather be stuck on an island with alex, jack, rian, or zack? and why? :)
having a great easter weekend catching up with everyone :)
thankyouu foo the shoutiees, want a return? :) +
congratulations to on becoming my 800th follower. i am so looking forward to the conversations we will have :-)
whoaaa really? :)
good morning, have a blessed day! \\ good morning hun ^_^
ask me anything: :)
followed =)
if you're a proud #jonasbrothers fan! :d <3
if you're always going to support justin 110% :-) ♥
follow !! (thanks for the shoutouts to my acco
unt :)
mothers day is getting near, come in for that perfect gift guaranteed to bring a smile. : ) (@ peach tree books & company)
lol ur welcome :)
great patriot and christian, fun to follow thank you :-)
aussies happy easter :)
so does biggsby!! which is right by my house!! :)
