hey my loves :)
you do!? you should come to the orlando my world 2.0 buyout :) would you be interested!? and omg so am i.
#ff all my followers are a blessing to know and to follow---follow them :)
the maid :d the chocolate fairy? someone just came by to give me chocolates. i could get used to this :)
lol will do =)
hello my twitter babies :-)
fab!! how bout u! :)
please sign it'd mean so much to me :)
fantastically awesome :)
thankyouuuuuu yo :d eh katanya mau sms semalem, ketiduran lo yo? hahahaha
heheh happy bday buat beby :) all the best...@ellykomala
#ff all my followers they are great :)
nah i live in schaumburg, out in the suburbs :)
thanks. i needed that! :-)
:)
italy and you ? :)
<3 <3 sled loves you. :)
nice! u gone get some #panessa in that shirt! lol u where so happy that day!! :)
ay ay thanks =)
bonfireee with peopleee :)
your welcomeee :d
shoutouts??? i wanna get to 900 tonight! :d
its ok, can u re follow ? :)
thanks! i have contacted 2 people back already- waiting 30 mins to see if i hear.. otherwise i'll use you! :)
thank you! #ff back at ya! have a wonderful weekend. :-)
well, u have kids & a business to run so that's understandable. take ur time and everything will fall into place :)
that's worth hurting about. :d
:) yes! rt@jadadiana that party last night was awfully crazy i wished we taped, we went to voyeur got bottle service & partied insane night!
i'm off to bed.. really tired after a restless day.. soon easter! :) less than 24 hours! :)
eating chinese food and watching get smart with my little sister. :)
done recording delirium tonight :)
follow → noww !! :d
my pleasure! i sent a "thank you for being so awesome" email to the operations team yay for the angel investors $ :)
nice when at the end of a day off there's still a full weekend ahead. goodnight. :)
yes! i am so gaming on xbl over my phone right now =) who wants to play gears 1 or 2 or halo tre? -- and i have a mic now!
bout to be on a cloud :) #blunted.
remembering back to before the kids realized they actually liked calamari, mussels & steak. ahhh. good times. good, cheap times. :)
follow :)
at big day out which is a big music festival ( like glastonbury) lol and she recognised me again! :)
love your location: "everywhere... eventually!" :)
daqui a dez minutos, cheech and chong no telecine cult. always good for a laugh! :))//qual filme? ja vi todos :)
adam was a dear & drove me right out to easton! & we are home before his parents arrive!! yeah! :)
who me? i'm not married & no kids i raise computers instead far less complicated :)
yes, you've/the synth has increased my wanking material! :d loll, and yesss, that's a good quote there, that's what i say! yes!
shoutout to -----> <----- go follow now she's lovely ! :)
:-)
give mika a listen :)
(sure) *taps shoulder* excuse me shammy poo could you be a dear and follow ?? thanks hun :)
can you confirm that is indeed officially jlh. :)
follow me back please? thanks :)
oh, let me know if/when you ever get monies on the phone so i'll know if i can text youse :)
aaww good times :) photo: me and my little homie steffy chemistry lounge for her bday!! =)
i'm gettin lit off pear vodka and passion fruit juice with my peeps! :)
thanks for the congrats!! :)
thanks :)
yup! :) although i jumped right out of bed & almost hit my head on my fan :o
he he so, am headed out :d
walkin around the national mall wit she's like my bf until i get a real one lol i love ittt tho :) -> lmao
mmmm doesn't it though? :)
thanks and the very best to you :d
ahhhh i have one of those two ..... :-)
rt: yaz is too sweet, one of my fave on twitter right there!! :d xx <<<aaaw lamont:')xxx
happy birthday justin's mother :) haha.
haha okayy ill make it for you :) but i need like 26 pictures lmao or i got just use 9 make them bigger your choose:p
lol did he make the tickets appear from no where? congrats should be fun :) <lol!!! love this! starts in 4
i'm the developer of smacktalk! i'm so happy to hear that your beth is enjoying it, and i'm sad for your poor phone :-)
check out the mophie it turns your iphone into a credit card reader. :)
lots and lots sun once again. :-)
i love these pics of me and and this was such a fun shoot :)
crazy ppl coming to see me this tym of night! i dnt care. witness me in my pjs :)
hm , nunca fui ai tb :)
thnx boo :) ff sexy ladies!!
...mary j blige "my life" sampled roy ayers "everybody love the sunshine" both classic imo :) #blackvoices
ohhh! those look really good :-) i'm jealous
sure, i'll just p2p it. what's your prefered torrent? :d
posted, weed & pizza :)
you should go! just imagine all the traffic/info you'll come back to on your blog =)
oh dearie :)
okay so do any ladies wanna join #teamniceboobies ? i'm bored and i feel like recruiting :)
*just tried "ralph & charlie's" (green apple, kiwi, & pineapple). this might be my new drink righ'chere :)
urwlcm hehe anak mana? thankyoooou! sip followed ;) boleh (?) folback dong :d rt: ik
you sayin that because udk what joomla is :)
kool lol..im finally at home...i was at my cousins house all day :) lol
thank you :)
liked the article! well done :)
i luv that song. :)
i couldn't all my #ff mentions but thanks everybody i love you guys!!!!!! :-)
i feel lucky that i get to leave work at 6:00 p.m. on a friday, when everyone else jetted out at 4:00. today is an early day :) wine time!
hey! ^_^ ---heey
new vid featuring (via thanks so much fun :)
goin on tour with kiss! fuck yea :)
who saw the last song? i cried :d
yay! daughter said her first word today!!! she couldn't decide if "mama" or "dada" would be first, so she chose her name: "elli" !!!! :)
cheers me dears :) x
thanks sissy :) #followfriday , , e_money_585 , ! :p
haven't been here in time for happy hour in a while...and fresh minestrone! :) (@ rainbow bar & grill)
i love a man that gives me no reason to be jellyyyy, lol its just a good feeling! :-) even thee baddest woman can get jealous! #realshit
lol it wasn't no joke pssh you was so serious. but im jk i won't tell her. =) whatchu doin?
morrrnin! udah daftarin band/akustik nya ke tribute to all time low blm? :)
hahah yes. i was like the 3rd to last person he rted that day :)
