hey, twin! :d thanks for the #followfriday mention! :) ;)
#jonasbrothers say we're the best fans in the world & they mean it!!!!! [and that's the truth ;p] :d ♥
i thought about it but would have to kill 2 hrs, would be stinky, and i have evening plans i have to get ready for. next time :)
follow me pls :)
omg, i just woke up. i never sleep this late. was up till 2 editing, and watching sam w on jimmy fallon :)
wow ... ce pusca ? :d eu era sa imi rup umarul cand am tras cu un kalashinikov
life belongs to morning people! can you tell i'm prejudiced as a morning person? :)
omg! four hours and i finally see braveheart. we are going on a date + the whole town is invited. i feel like i'm on a bachelor episode. : )
haha can i hve one from :l pleasee :)
i'm at the back of the reserved line, in pickerington. :-)
its just clean :d
which cityyyy u attt..might know where u can get that smoothie =)
alka-seltzer for breakfast and i'm good!

good a.m. people :)
nope. my baby kavias. shez 7 today :)
unlike a lot of people i read all my tweets, even from hrs & hours back. but i will take a look at yours but no promises. :-)
my iv stopped working so i get to go home today!!!! :d
:) are u using tweetdeck?
generally buckeyes have great endurance but usually not the chocolate kind. ;) the 3 i brought home were gone by saturday. :)
lol i like your song friday night its addictive :)
really? :) do you have the link for this? :)
ha ha what is :)
: ) rt: pretty people are ready to party tonight at red room .
could u follow me if ur not already ? wanna have more beliebers :)
yeah u really need to take care of number 1 and thats u :)
goodmorning :) say it back..
haha, good thinking :d
good morning! feeling good, feeling great :-)
i did stop in plymouth. i did not see the sign :)
good morning :)
you checked that with modi, mate? :-) ha ha :) i think he did no wrong...calling ordinary team ordinary is not an offence
we'll only be roaming around our individual gardens but it should still get a perspective of different parts of brum at 4am :)
ups arrived at 8:45am. glad i opted for home delivery. :-) setting up ipad. #fb
aw i wanna give her a hug :) #rockstar
i love the mira! such a warm welcome :-)
cool i study chinese too. :) follow 4 follow?
brewww, love the name :) *tempatnya nyempil ya || breww kemang, asik tuh buat kongkow ;) #hbdckongkow
on the left hand side. :-)
.follow my friend! she's new to twitter. :) she follows back!! thanks!!!!
it's very rewarding to make the effort for 4am :)
definitely plan to :d
everybody loves picture on facebook. i'm so happy. :)
goo)dmorning evrery1 :)
downloading a lot of music from the new album euphoria: the best of trance :d
.follow my friend! she's new to twitter. :) she follows back!! thanks!!!
mmm but you also changed your eating habits and started eating meat after years so more protein :)
bem tbm :d
ooh fun! i'm glad you enjoyed yourself! :)
good morning! :)
#jonasbrothers family are my second family =)
.follow my friend! she's new to twitter. :) she follows back!! thanks!!
lol, sounds good to me, well i gave up the cigs 12 yrs ago, but yeah. have a good day. :)
made it to 6am, hot chocolate has arrived : )
omgomg nic hoult is very funny here but kaya is gorgeous! :d
#jonasbrothers are proud to have fans like us and we are proud to being fans of them! :d <3
im good thanks and you? :)
a whole lot of nothing!! we call them lazy days!! so we'll see where iit takes us! :-)
found it ! it was behind my bed =)
what you want it to say :-) ??
our pleasure. :)
*hugs* thanks ray! i'm going to just think about the happier times today. last night was just a bit too rough. it gest better :)
etsyveg got a shoutout on a veg foodie blog thanks to gina of claynfiber! woot! :) read the recipe and look for it!
omb, my grandma was singing baby! :d wow
yaaayy i think ive done it! please will you check it again for me :) is the description okay aswell? xx
i'm following both now--the .org stuff is still of interest in case i ever switch to self-hosted. :-)
great pictures. let me know if you ever want company on a photowalk. we could make it a tweetup. :)
buzz me when you do. =)
okay :)
haha, awesome! :d [pic] 3.14 = ? :))
check out my new york times article!!!! :d its all cuz of you guys :}
no prob! grab the cup of coffee :) yep...it'll be who. and just for about 3 mins
word.. i'll stress u out then.. :-)
woow #jonasbrothers is a tt :d congrats!
btw i meant to say 'say' instead of way. typo :)
me too i haven't done that one yet. it's closed a lot of the time for the birdies :)
i believe you :)
this if you want me to follow you #joriking << also make that a trend :) muchos gracias
i don't sleep! lol! :) i am off to an egg hunt soon. i was just away doing my hair.
a great quote from a great man: "i refuse to negotiate with emotional terrorists." :-)
aw all american food :d
haha yes i remember nd everybody who wasnt watching it was out :d lol what an amazing memory! :)
beautiful movie indeed! loved it! :)
u rtd lol . done walk for today, u ok? :)
follow now she's really sweet, nice and kind :)
everyone go follow---> right now. :d
hah! :d "recipe for disaster" this week's #fridayflash on #otoh
oh yes you do. enjoy your fullfill day & your date tonight. :)
can 3 more people folllow :)
was teasing... hate that inflection doesn't come up (but then again you were rubbing the megan thing in :) )
followed again to see if it works this time :)
hey oué :)
cute pic ! :)
all that negative energy just filters back into the universe right back at ya! haven't you read the secret? :)
followed :)
wow. busy weekend!! good luck :d
roller parties are surely 70s though? 80s you are gonna need shoulder pads! lol i have afro envy! :)
hahaha okay just don't use that face and i won't use mine :d
much nicer these days! only been one shooting and one stabbing in my road in 6 years :)
oooh, nice. hoping for a dishwasher safe one as well, but will keep that in mind, thanks! :)
simplicity : dinner at marutama ramen. coffee at starbucks. life is good. :)
perfect timing! thank you :)
