follower of christ thank you :-)
hey! thanks for the follow, what do you guys do/how do we get involved :)
just tweting and listening to music :) wbu ?
aww k but u always have a piece of my heart which cares for u :)
hehe..gotta agree wid u..hard to find a worthwhile place in tcr :d
is awesome <- cool, it's like twitter for designers :)
thanks... :)
obtained my iced coffee, now at the office waiting for delivery of the ipad. shouts out to :)
hehe thanxs love your name too :d
jenii posted a new how to: sugar eggs :) with no baking :d
nice goodmorning :-)
a special shout out this morning to my follower in india :)
aww thank you bb :) btw how are you?
back :d
anyone wanna talk? <3
same here man! were heading to the beach this easter sunday, should be fun funs! hope u have a gr8 easter weekend too! :d
baaah, i think for me it's gonna be great! :d #ipad
cracked my screen last night & destroyed my phone with water. thank god i don't have an iphone, as insurance will cover the replacement! :)
ohh cool!! :d i wanna live here too lol
dude you are starting to make me hungry. :)
liverpool, eh? any thoughts, you should choose liverpool. :)
shoutouts 4 shoutouts :d ? i really wanna reach 2500!
lol i just made a eyecandy list lol id like to be pop rocks eye candy plz haha ^_^ thankies
miss h is now on the twitter /via << someone had lots of free time :)
café novo at the westbury would top my list for that :)
bom dia :d
if you don't want someone to read something... what should you not do...
jesus.. ^_^ goodnight and good luck....
14th and 16th both good for me missy, just let me know for one or both :)
hey that's awesome! isn't it great to receive that in the mail? happy shooting :)
ok... that area... :-) enjoy ... take some snaps ;-)
o that was bad.... yeah i think you hit it on the head. : )
you should look them up!! dbsk/tvxq :d
happy easter weekend to you as well! :)
hey welcome to twitter :)
thanks :)
if you ever want to buy me a little something, please make it one of these! (r7-800 radial engine) thanx! : )
thx, michelle! i'm following you now and looking forward to ur tweets :) just starting out in acu & m looking 4 "the way"....
thx bibi <3 ily everyone follow she needs only 17 followers till 400 :)
q:mentioned. :) thanks dear. a:okay np ;)
very well thanks! you ? :)
i'm on if you want to talk to me :)
#peopleshould learn to forget their mistakes and start to appreciate & talent. theres enough of it to go around :) rt!!
yeah let's hope it is just a winter thing! :)
sure :) am very curious to see how self publishing works for authors.. wish you luck and congrats !
have a lovely day of drawing and de-cluttering followed by alice in wonderland. not to mention, it's going to be a beautiful day. :)
well, i got more email addresses than pants :d /cc
ouch. you remind of abuse that i suffered at the hands of religious nut-cases as a child. i am now, thankfully, recovered. :)
#happybirthdayleona hope u hav a gud day :)
thats love ma :) ily back no homo
#jonasbrothers is number 4! come on jonas fans!! lets get it to number 1! :d
guys im updating my ipod what good tunes are out atm ? .... tweet me :d
lol :d women are angels,and when someone breaks our wings..we simply continue to fly..on a broomstick.we are flexible.~unk #ha !
tnx :) great booties!
aww :) wish it was me!!
thankyou <3 yours is pretty awesome! :d <3
that is excellent! haha :d nice one for thinking of me when you saw it.
omb i'm so sorry sean havent followed me yet :( i will dm justin for ya :)
what is it :d *# welovesteph*
well done! not sure about coincidences. as our team says " you miss 100% of the baskets you don't shoot for" :-)
you amaze me :) this countdown it's excitiiing!!! pop will never die!! #monsterlove
if you want #jonasbrothers to keep on trending. on every end of your tweet put #jonasbrothers. :) please
it's because you unfollowed too =)
everytime i go to 's profile, thats what you get plays in my head. :)
our internet resets on monday :d #fuckyes.
#jonasbrothers are my heros ^_^
you're welcome! :)
movie night with family :)
haven't had any thoughts i'm afraid. sack me. :)
well that's better! just ran down from the top of the quarry :-) it was either that or cry
omg aliee! sorry if i take ages to reply its coz i have no signal :| or i'm asleep lol i got 3hrs of sleep loool :)
awwwwwwwwww thanks jade :d
rt- thanks much!! :) cool 3d commercial real estate leasing software #realestate
yesterday i couldn't be online sorry ... :(
i wanna talk to u!! :d
i was wondering the same thing. one thing is for sure, they were not expecting to see him tomorrow :)
follow because she represents "jonas brothers turkey" so good :) i'm proud.
ahhh i have to go, but i will be on msn. add me if you want at xdirtyxdollx@live.com :d bye! <3
try #twitsnaps with your #mobile anywhere anytime & start sharing your #photos on #twitter :)
i'm 26 today. it feels old! :)
hey! how are you? :)
hey i just saw vd on my tivo, it was so good! dying to talk with someone about it!! :)
wouldn't do anything of the sort! i hope you come out to the next show though :)
thanks so much :) -taylor
how are you? :)
haha! really???? :d it was actually her. i edited it. :p
u and get it!.. peep my timeline for the homework i gave the ladies for tonight! :)
happiest of birthdays !! abbracci virtuali :)
clash of the titans is the new "classic" of our generation!! every centavo is worth it! spectacular movie!!!! =)
im going to protect my tweets now! :d
they certainly are! :) you dont think me becoming a open university student will effect them? i've not looked into that yet! :/
guys please go follow now : :)
lucky the one who can arrange w/ eo, my fam is always take are eeeverything :d
i'm ok, thanks! (you need to check you're email asap!)how are you? :-)
yoyoyo goal for goal anybody ? :d
i imagine i will be... but not today... kind of waiting for the rush to die down... : )
good morning my friends =) /via <> hey you... hoping all is well
brb peopleee :) megannnn <333 x
yees,, i think you have learnt your lesson... how are the animals? the pigs still scaring you? :)
just put a tie on top of what your wearing lol you could go in a tee shorts and a tie :) they cant say a thing :)
am not scared......but a lot of my people are.....i am reassuring them :)
awesome friends, appreciate your : )
happy birthday :)
