and she woke up ; what a blessing =)
i know, sorry, i was replying to and hit reply all. ooops :)
wow the new york times wrote and article on ... :d and they like him!amazing baby!<33
#nowplaying chennai super kings vs rajasthan royals :)
i missssssss yooooooou! :)
totally following ... now! :)
heii i rep u trusss hhha :) hhe g'nite , see u soon :) xxo
yep! just getting the griddle hot! :d and yeah after last night we could all use some cheering up..
oh this one is easy. show my picture to any one of the baristas and ask them about me. :)
come into the #lakehouse today for brunch or lunch and ask for your favorite server (me) :) go butler bulldogs!!
entire shop is on sale! you got dirt- i got suds :) #etsy #easter
morning lovely :) i miss our saturday morning chats!
some wanna talk? :)
it's ipad day!!!!!!!! aldkjfa;lsdkjfa;lsdjfa;lskdjf omg! i can't wait to get it! :d
you are a natural fit! :) did you hear that i joined ? so honored
he's still your child. but maybe it should just be, people are weird. :d
so rather then to hold on to a broken dream ; just hold on to lve . =)
healthy breakfast, morning run, finish packing, board the plane! what are you doing this fine saturday? make sure you sweat least once =)
hahaha, yeeeeeeah :d <3 love you *i don't know why..* ola <3333
of course ;) though seriously, check out the sparklines and streamgraphs :)
follow me back please ? :)
ur going to love it. enjoy it. have fun! :)
haha :) totally. but no one one is tweeting #bieberasiantour :|
i've just realised we don't have a folder for press cuttings. that't all about to change :)
sf/f and social media: we're ustreaming live from #eastercon at 3pm #livecon <---please tune in and speak up! :)
lmao good afternooon : ) wutchu doin today ikeee?
thx 4 the retweets :d
hello marjie! i'm sending you warm wishes for a weekend of refreshment and renewal! :)
if your not following then theres something wrong with your twitter. shes awesome :)
wow, they're beautiful laura! check out the pens i made yesterday :)
if you love #mileycyrus :) <3 ... #mileyforever
-awesome. :)
thanks so much for the #ff, friend! hope you're having a wonderful weekend & we need to get together one of these days! :)
what's going on miss celebrity? :)
haha yes xd i'm good too! :) i'm at my grandparents house right now...xd
followed :)
go0)dmorning ^_^ im about 2 take a shower in the next 20 lol
ty for your kind : )
in a good way :d seyeem... why do i love cooking? one of the reason: love to play with knife, legally :)
three hours left at work! :-)
cool damn our central time zone :)
i'd like to see that. would be very funny :)
running some errands then getting frozen yogurt with jenn, justin and andrew! =)
you're welcome! love looking at unique items...neat stuff you've found. :)
omg do you have yours in pink? awesome :d
good morning : )
kyle at albany apple store is awesome :)
could u follow me if ur not already ? wanna have more beliebers :)
ok sure! :) so what name? :d
and i don't want buns of steel, i want buns of cinnamon :)
but me toh experiencing too much of it :-) happiness is not something you experience. it is something you remember.
quick, you can be pcalc user number 4 :)
go follow right now! :) #ukwantsbieberback #mileyforever <3 :)
aaahgrr.. it was raining a lot and we need to cancel the game but we won with 6-0 :d im totally wet. who's online?
strong & black java coming right up charlie! happy easter :-)
it's a secret so far :)
if you have a tumblr, follow mine; www.pleasebemine.tumblr.com & i'll follow you back :)
paris, how wonderful for you!! maybe i'll be back there by then and i can meet you :)
morning miss =)
thank you for reminding me to not go near an apple store today :)
morning. =) working out hard? * no i've been slipping , didn't workout in two days
hey, where's the new cd... fyi, idk anything about itunes n downloading.. i need a hard copy like i got last time! :)
it unlocked at 13,000+ for me. although, now i have 33,000 kills ;) ha! :d
maya lost her first tooth :)
playground is done! :-)
heey :)
there are so many things i want changed in my life...i guess the good news is...at least i acknowledge my weaknesses :)
follow she wil lfollow back :d
good 4 u man!! : )
it's a ploy to make you think it's all fun in games when the truth is much much more sinister. :)
holst mich ab? :d
morning babies :)
could u follow me if ur not already ? wanna have more beliebers :)
how kind of you. until then, shall i send to collect food from you and bring it for me? :)
q:lol! i actually would love it if he did theatre stuff, like i'd be the... a:sameeee! woo :d x
yea , i think , :) if i'm not then i'll follow :) <3 haha
got sm good sleep and now watching finding nemo.. good saturday indeed :)
hey :d its been too long, i'm great & you? & omj you like tokio hotel i love them, but i need to know more songs by them x]
who want shoutout? tweet me :d
thx, la fel! :)
brb my baby cuzin slept over. time to make her do something bad to my sister's stuff :d
would love to do a study on the efficiency of cabbies in meeting fares the data is almost there. we just need to gps the fares :)
your welcome =) and thanks for the shoutout ;)
yay, #jonasbrothers are trending!! i love them so much and can't wait for the next world tour :d
can i have 6 more?? :)
if whenever you hear or see justin, you smile :) #ukwantsbieberback
thank you very much for the rt. you are the best. :-)
if you want a single massive shoutout :) *yea, im bored*
goodmornin : )
oh i missed my bed. didn't wake up at all last night :)
miss lita.met you on that metal show.thanks for the kick ass cd.hugs! :-)
lol yeah some of us are =) we gotta stay pretty for ourselves and for y'all men lol
haha are you going to see justin this summer? :)
happy ipad day! :d
thx for the retweets :d
lol yay :) how long have u been working there?
lol, i love when people make fun of fireflies like that! :d
hey gotchu followed ;d .. follow baqq :) x thanks #joriking
please follow friday she's toooo sweet =) #mjfam
my 6,500th tweet :) haha and it goes to... justin bieber!!! haha i love u :) <333
