#shoutout to »» he's a cutie too ^_^ lol
lol dnt doubt urself, theres always scouts out & about watchin ya & u dnt realise lol oh right kool :) x
happy ipad day!!! :d ... and to all ipad haters: just let us be! hehe we are not making you buy one! :p
it was on discovery na. i have seen that :)
yay! tyson. you got it :)
ty4mention—you're welcome. :)
followed :)
well u know my heart is broken to billion pieces for i love this world :) and chunk of my heart rip with mj <3
:) welcome
cheers too :) did not know that was their old colours like.
i'm just tweeting you to let you know i'm actually surreal, even though you're already following. :d
follow back :)
bout to watch spartacus: blood and sand since i missed it yesterday :) luv this show and prolly back to sleep unlesssssss
i went down to my old hometown with my mummeh. was fun. :)
:) we tell my gma that, and there's a meal every_time we arrive. :o)
thanks for the rt! it was nice here yesterday and i had to work, didn't mind getting out in the sun :d
dinner is in e making & it smells really good!! i'm no part of it though. hee but i offered to wash e dishes & i bought sashimi! salvaged :d
haha, thanks ! :d
thank you for the :)
have you seen this? :) ( miley cyrus is init ) :) megan <3 x
ikut" aje si teteh. hahahahaa =p peacert mlm minggu yaa?hmm pacaran dl deh kl gt :d
goods the evening to you too. :)
starting to watch "dread" and am ridiculously excited! :d
yeah dude, beautiful :) thanks! you too?
ok i will when i can just doing something :) xx
in london now :)
thanks! :) #loungers! ps: dm us. :)
good morning! : )
i think i shall just go back to bed :)
can't wait to finally try the ipad, see all the ppl crazy... i hope there's a wi-fi hotspot nearby. i'll take some photos :)
i am going to get the screenshots from the show =) follow and on twitter too, they use it xx
yes u mean the one where the ball bounced in twice? :)
bangalore is totally rocking, having the best time here with jksah group!! i love this city :)
^_^ .. <homer> *jealously rising* </homer>
i'd love it if schumacher started on pole and we got to see everyone overtaking him hahaha. c'mon nico :) #f1 /via >> lmao
:) #ipad.... yes should show it live on cnn with for a social media interest story
hey :) thanks for following me :) #indonesianeedsdemi
where u been at boo? miss uuuu :)
i'm listenin 2 anita as well! up at the crack of dawn on a saturday, o tiffy! blastin' anita baker on my way to the gym :)
awww thats very sweet honey!! :) we love you .. how are you?
how 'bout 1st? (mine's still brewing!) :)
#chai+#haiku+#twugs = (complete it) :)
thanks :) i'll list you now ;d
why am i up so early?! oh well, ill watch dexter season 3 until its a normal weekend morning hour :d
looking for eggs :) added an easter egg to press g , g , "up arrow" and enjoy
ehehe apa kabaww ? yo yo yo! whatsup?! :d hey
fame factory launch in 5 days follow | to be a new monster product! www.famefactory.org :d
looooooooooooooooool i joke =)
q:haha i love your background <3 a:haha thanks :d
ok im excited !! :)
heyyyy, doing good, you? :)
made me lol this morning. cheers :)
haha 705 followers like the song :d amazing! -tay
oovoo with :)
i'm going to move to south korea where they plug the internet directly into your face :d
i love it. if every man (and woman) had this pov, there would be no domestic violence, infidelity, or whatnot. #goodjob :-)
they are 24 hours, but the tweetup starts at 4 :)
i wish there was a like button on twitter :)
did you made this bg by yourself ? :)
thanks for being so kind! :-)
yep. also some love of love :d
brb guys gonna go get ready for my party :)
okay. wait. i'll twitpic them to you :)
quick stop at mcdonalds before going to rehearsals the albert hall for the hati concert :) xx
if your a belieber so i can list you :)
ipad is here (updated w/ photos from nyc's apple store on 5th ave) hehe...this is crazy!! :)
eu am propus aseara #prohodtweetmeet :d
hello!! =) i just woke up so i'm doing my #ff lists on saturday<3
what d'you think about soap&skin? :)
if your a belieber so i can list you :)
congrats, you've won the £25 living nature skin care pack. pls can you dm email? thx to everyone else who rt'd offer :-)
many thanks and i appreciate it. i will pass your comments to them :)
thanks for that sweet #ff mention! i am touched. :-)
yeah nice one for slagging off and undermining all our hard work mate! :)
can 1 more person follow please? :)
i did a lil sumtin sumtin...but i wont "kiss & tell" =)
hahahahaa..... that's the spirit man! :)
who else is waiting for the ding-dong at the fron door and the happy smiley ups man to arrive bearing a gift :-)
happy cuz of my sist xd (and the jonas) youu ? :d
ask me anything? :)
twitter is dead so i'll be back later :)
thanks, getting v excited. cross your fingers for no rain please :)
thanks for the details! we'll follow up with his issue and sort it out for him :)
cheerfulness :)
yep yep that's good i guess : ) how is my at? =)
halo uchu.haveaniceday toort mlm kha bhusdeq ?? have a nice dayy . ini tweet baruu.a kha? blzz ya kha? :)
i love your music!!! keep it up :d
great! like always haha :) love you so much!
doesn't matter :)
good morning. :)
haaha yeaah! :d
#jonasbrothers is one of the biggest reasons i smile every day. :) ♥
yep :)
nah, i just have a repository of small, focused apps on hand due to ze work and ze constant reformatting. :)
chuck e. cheese!!!! oh wait...this is just a picture of some lake. :)
i am so grateful for the awesome clouds & beautiful mtns. this morning. :-)
oh wait, i'll go through it <3 yay!! :)
making a niley video for youtube :)
bacon is okay occasionally. but i'm not a worshipper. :)
#mileycyrus and #demilovato should make a song , a memi song :d <3
im good thanks yourself ?? :)
wondering who will be my 200th follower :)
and now i have got the all clear to go home. * all smiles * :) -> phew!
thanks for the help peeps :)
ungh, very tempting but no :d
it's simple conversations won't hurt my brain anymore day! meeting the movers in 2 hours. cya later :)
thanks :)
thanks to my uni alumni magazine (print) and then an email i just reconnected with a best mate from uni for the 1st time in 16 years :)
enjoy the rest of the holy week break!!! =)
telling the thruth is not a crime anwayrt lho hayo katanya ga boleh comment :d bagaimanapun versi asli idol dr us ini
okay let's play gts :d
know what the purple/violet one in 's twitpic is an 'elevation1.0' now all i need to see is an rs 250..tom..can't wait :d
you go girl! :)
there needs to be a horror movie where all these nutso villains are put on a desert island and we see who survives :)
that's how i describe vegas to people :)
go follow this girl right here>> she's super cool! :d
yeaaa :d haha it's olkay!!! :d i'm happy i can hep you !!!
good morning! :)
great, thanks! :)
everyone follow is amazing :) she will follow back :d <333
ohh yeah sure thats fine :)
tonite am beaming so bright till it's hurt ppl eyes.. watch out ppl,comin thru.!! :)
hello from bogota. off for a walk now, movie this afternoon -- "how to train your dragon". i have the movie taste of a 6 year old :)
ahahahaa..iyyaa,you too yaa makasiih..☺..rt sabbbarrr yaaa khaaa?? havee a nice dayy kha ridhoo?? :)
mr. unfollowr i would like to get my dms :)
good morning sweety :)
not the date night i was expecting, but still a great date-ish night. :)
hahahaha that's an understatement :)
hope you're having a wonderful easter weekend! :)
looking forward to #volunteer for today! they can always use your help, labor or donation, and more followers :) #volunteering
seeing double at the triple rock nofx : :d check fat wreck chords #nowplaying #nofx #punk
151 followers this can be done!! everyone follow :d xxx
pasti! inggris: chelsea, italy: inter, spanyol: r. madrid, indonesia: psm :)
nice profile picture! :-)
greetings dave! thank you for your mention. have a wonderful we and btw, "sarcastic realists" are some of my favorite people! :)
i shall swweeetie *norman voice* lol dinner and movies tonite on you! to mke up for lastnite food.sex.quiet in tht order :)
300 .. :) troy..rt bagusan mana ama 300 or troy?
likes dis tu =) avrillll and pink !!!!!
i'm gonna delete all our tweets.. :)
heading over to the folk's place for the day. some time with the family and a delicious catered chicken dinner. mmmm :-)
best of luck either way :)
hmmm... the success should be based on the # of shots you love out of the outcome :) happy easter!
bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy. [let's eat banana] :d
thanks :)
good morning, u doing good this morning?!?!? :)
thankyouu dear ;) :d
feat my fav couple in hi :) finding themselves in ‘lost’: fun nyt piece feat a nerdy couple in hi!
just like me :) ... gotta make a living, right?
bacon is okay occasionally. but i&apos;m not a worshipper. :)
happy easter! :) tough job, but someone has to do it. my #fridayflash is up on mad utopia:
morning! :d
gooood :d xx
ahaaaaaa im the trending topic :d << lmao
the "diary of a wimpy kid movie diary" is really interesting! :d
the first pic was the best :d but the second one was good too (:
sounds like a good idea to me, a gift you can all feel good about :)
fame factory launch in 5 days follow | to be a new monster product! www.famefactory.org -i'm a free bitch baby. :)
chelsea ftw :) ahah xx
u kno what... its weird to see but no matter who u are no matter what u have...everybody has issues. i thank god for mine :-)
i will :d might jog with em when i go the arena tomorrow ;'d haha! i joke xx
good on you! enjoy a life of sensible shoes :)
i am onlineeee :) xx
aw, thanks for that very kind #ff, fred!! hope you & the family are doing well. :)
except me of course :-)
3 days off :) enjoying my long weekend :)
im watchin & #destiny sleep!!! awwwwwwww too cute =)
gm twppl, its the saturday b4 easter ^_^
wild hair morning! :d
ikno, i was just sayin, i kno yall is going to do yall thing, its going to be fye :)
all the best for you :) :) :)
did that deal include insurance/everything? quote is looking good :)
fame factory launch in 5 days follow | to be a new monster product! www.famefactory.org im excited :d
i am going on or now :d ttyl ;) byeee <3
they're tortoise shell, i'll twitpic when i get home :)
haha, sure thing! (: it's like 9 pm .__. welcome :)
i will pm you a link to the recipe i follow :)
shoutiiee back at you! happy easter! :-)
im only good st the guitar , i dont have the drums but i use my cousins--haha
have to go now-- talk to yew later!! =)
i wonder.. does have an api.. :d
thank you : ) : ) : )
shes good ty :) hows my at? x]
i think i'm gonna watch nemo later! :d
i'm so glad you like them! that makes me very happy :)
sick i can't wait to hear that :) love ur stuff finally gonna get to make a start on my remix of 'normal' on monday
exactly!! where is my lotto millions when i need it.. lol : )
go now be her 100th follower :d
up and at em... community service pon deck! :)
let me know what u think...im breaking mine in this week going to try out my ne brooks adrenaline gts 10s :)
thanks to everyone for the #ff mentions. it didn't help much (as usual), but as long as you are still with me, that's all that counts. :-)
lol yay we can be happy togetherrr!! :d and its so amazing, thank so again!!!! im sry im just so happy and grateful! -tay
i did write it down. i'd never trust anything that fails as often as my memory. :)
sure, you'll be just clicking a star soon. easy peasy :)
still, i did buy mini dime bars in germany :)
especially the gucci sterling silver handcuffs and the gucci black leather spanking paddle :)
:) why would apple co-founder need to stand in line? i talked w/ woz earlier and he says "cause the line is fun."
thank you! its open forum on monday any parenting question on any topic. live 2pm 877-222-5310 ( opps, made a commercial :)
#blessed to see a new day :)
thanks :) i'm guessing a lindt bunny is pretty much a half marathon... :(
your welcome :) so how are you? are you from australia too?
