i love mike hough lol the mhg stands for mike hough girlies lol im sure he will follow yous back :d x
i kinda had, hope you too :) how was the bday night fir your little one? love and miss ya!
thanks,follow me if you want :) #fsatnite
fabulous! well, the relaxing part :) hopefully laying outside for as long as possible!
i'm praying for your mom hun. my mom was diagnosed in 2008. prayer changes things. :-)
lol. i'm just goofy, playin around. :-)
the same to you.....hope you have a blessed day, filled with lots of love :-)
i know what my next tat will be. :d now to just save up....
thanks hun!! :) i 4got 2 do my ff :|
thanks! ☺ follow!! now :)
i'm off for appointments. don't these sellers know it's easter w/e oh well. :)
awwwwww yay! you're gonna make looooooads of money! :d
:) hard to keep alpacas in your flat. the elevator alone would be a nightmare. not to mention the feeding.
pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee......1 more :d
and again. hello hugh grant. :) #doctorwho #fataldeath
are you serious about the donald trump book? i'd love to see some pics... :)
you heckling me harper? :)
time to get tarted up for a photo shoot with hubby to be and my big brother the photographer :-)
happy birthday aka gq :-) hope you have a great day! wish you nothing but great things! hv a great day!
completely agree :) xx
true enough! looks like a distinct lack of thought going on here :)
omg! you should follow :d <3
i miss talking to these tweeps. :)
awh thanks :)
i know! love it! :)
aw, i <3 u 2! :) i <3 u guys!!
shocking! no worries. i'm sure you'll enjoy having your house taken over by family instead :-)
morning :) good saturday morning! coffee brewing. welcome to easter weekend!
see you tonight mr riley! :)
sorted out my 'tweeties' list :)
thank you :-)
"it's too early to be pissin' me off!" :d
:) thanks so much for the #ff
ooh, thanks so much! quick ps skills :)
i found that mr. duck (literally a mallard duck) was standing by my front door for his breakfast- seeds :)
she is! :) wow she is stunning! adoptable long-hair kitty cleopatra: sweet & stunning!
mayb i'll head out 2 plfd 2day. i feel like visiting the grands. take 'em out 4 lunch yup, i kno i'm the best granddaughter evr. :)
follow please? :)
yep! you can't say nufin 'til you've heard it! :)
fuck you, jerk :d
people, please sign this<3 for ---> :)
ipad home delivery day. i have never seen so many of my ichat buddies available at 7:30 am on a saturday before in my life. :)
you use the kettle to make toast? :)
frenzy was pretty good for the first night... 441 through the door after 2am. :) 1,000 by the summer?
new follower shoutout :d
hahaaa ohh wellll :) xx
la video, just for fun :) what do you think ?
kirrrrrrrr.... promosi trus juss, takute mreka ngetik yg lama.. jd gk sampe.. hehe rt: hey aq rubah nama twitter :d
my moms like..."i'm so disappointed in you. your room looks terrible!" me: "i know your just jealous of my amazing jonas posters!" :)
u go girl!! : i am very proud off my self 4 not tweeting last night :)
belated thx & same to u for the #ff 's ! :) ..continued
eveeryone follow miss ~ ~ unless you like people sitting on your facee :) <3
yo yo just got back from my jog! didn't start raining :) gonna go to my friends today i think :)
you're very welcome :)
fly p!nk juice! my gears brand new, and if u dont like it fuck u! =)
enjoy! send us videos :) sweet. just got fedex pkg. inside... a flip mini hd from a drawing i entered at sxsw! thanks
good morning, it's a beautiful day on the beach in sunny south florida : )
:d having fun? lol u shud be dancing around! x
bucataria! victorie! :)) ...si eseu ruxa! urmeaza transformare... in cuptor :) preview :)
#alwayskeepthefaith :)
really miley?!bff?! :d
yeah, solely because of jared padalecki :)
lol hi vanny chan =)
wednesday i will reveal something!! :d
i told my mum my dreams yesterday & she was like: u can believe in ur dreams, but if they come true is another question :d
boom dia :d
it's 54 here now. yes. :)
both :-)
morning doll! happy saturday to you too :)
& that with jk cement. hell ya..! :) amazing knock by murali vijay. he built a whole dlf township in chepauk. #ipl
np =) lyyy your so awesome
yeah please :d x
yeaah:) its on the jls one shot remix cd :) its well goood x
u changed your name? awesome :d
yesss! :p :d
just doing some illustrations and sorting out my blog :) u?
fabulous raw vegan berry cheesecake w nut base & whipped rice creeme ftw at inspiral, camden :)
#nowwatching the cosby show. ; & one of my favorite men are on here this episode. john ritter aka jack tripper from 3's company :)
today is a very beautiful day. tomorrow will be here soon enough. i don't really recall yesterday. everything is as it should be :) #sohappy
spread ♥ its the brooklyn way :)
tha's alritee :) and i knoo rite! :o am greatt thankyouu, wbuuu ? x.
good morning to u too :-)
good morning and happy sabbath! if god be for us, who can be asainst us? (romans 8:31) have a very blessed sabbath! :)
thanks for your reply rose. i'm looking forward to your book on dopey benny! reading "guns & roses" now. :)
refollow? :) thanks
selfridges here we come,, :) weather looks good.. hope there's some hotties about,, ♡ ♡ ♡
attention twitter: please wish a happy bday today! she's my little sister :d
ok so call, she's in at 10 and we will schedule you for monday. :-) 242-8844 #2
i will dm justin now :) , and i will prove i havee <33 :) xx
if you want me to follow you =)
temp dropped 10 deg seems to be clearing :)
at 8:16pm earlier :) #501carrotsformal
dingin, ujan... what a nite! :d
darnit, and i'm in the shire this weekend :)
lol. i guess. it always makes me feel some kinda way when folks type heart. good morning! i see you connected w/ d.s. :-)
dw ther's noooo need to be jelous! but thanx :)
on the chatsworth estate in the peak district: gorgeousness in the extreme :-)
absolutely :) dr who will most likely be the uk top trend seeing as the ipad's only out in us anyway
inter aja lawan chelsea bisa :d lawannya susah,cape jg baru main lawan bayern
thank u :)
