work at 7. :)
i'm on the left, the one who did most of the talking :d
that's good 2 hear! u r right, being busy&kicking ass wld surely drive the blues away =) i'm fine, off to dreamland in a few hrs
hellloooooo :) how are you??
i've never yoga'd in my entire life. i don't know if i want to start while dodging 10,000+ tourists :-) cc:
good grief, will ya look at this heaven sent day?! :)
better than bieber. :d why you?
having my happy little french press of sumatra from a la :)
158 need too follow >> :d xxx
i've deleted the last.fm rss tweeter thingy. and i have raptr now only saying what i have played every midnight. less spam :d
you called it. :) malouda is terrorizing manutd midfield & defense.
procurem por "what is a browser", no yt! so fucking funny :d
i think i invented a new word on that last update... awesomeinspirational :) it's a very appropriate typo!
awww dont be sad! now u know it sweetiee right? :) #mileyforever aww thankyouu :) #mileyforever
i feeel your joy! i bought it three times already !! :d
vampire diaries just keeps getting better! just watched this last episode on my tivo!! soooo good! i'm beyond hooked! :)
it's a gorgeous spring day here! time to open the windows, do some spring cleaning & spend most of the day outside :-)
could u follow me if ur not already ? wanna have more beliebers :)
ah well of course the colours wouldn't bother me too much. :)
mine's a pc [sadly] but the net result is just as tedious :/... but yeah: 11 tracks nearly done, and a few more to do :)
aw thanks a million beautiful!!!! =)
yeah, its a great picture :) the only negative is how clearly i can now see gary neville =/ lol
i will give you a shoutout if you give me a shoutout :d
haha i seriously don't mind doing that for my musical enjoyment :d
good on ya...bring us all to the party twitter :)
consultation time with =)
:-)
yea that's how i felt :) niggas aint saying shit op oh wells gnite :) ::lights out:: _thats how you feel?
q:i loveeeeee your twitter & your tweets. ur efffing hilarious hhaha (: ... a:thank you :) ily2
sounds lush but i need a proper strong tea now :d xxx
sitting in starbucks with nathan and :d
doing ma mum's hair, brb :)
when i was little i always wanted to catch the easter bunny in my backyard on easter morning and mug him for all his chocolate eggs :)
good morning. :) about to watch the diary of justin bieber on mtv
that's nice, quality time :-) i'm good, just relaxing at home.
lets get #wereproudofmcfly into tt's :d -- why not? :)
if u want me to dm justinbieber 4 u :) i do i don't lie
have a very happy easter guys. :)
wow. only 8 more. this is so amazing! great start to my day if we get to 700! :d -tay
oh thank you :)
someone caught my eyes in this area a few moments ago :) quite a view..
there's nothing quite like fresh home made hot cross buns :-) yum!
#mileyforever plzz this :)
i am gonna hate to the core as i dont like pictures :d have fun and take care :)
boleh dishare lagi tepatnya ecoparadise ini dimana or website? thank u :)
good day all :d
getting well stuck in to season 3 of heroes. :)
ok : ) have a nice day :) happy easter
ask me anything :d
urwlcm follow me if you want :)
about to roll out to kop to get my ipad. but first...a coffee stop! :)
i guess you'll have to buy 2, one for each of you. :-)
i wish i could go back to bed but lucky me i have work :)
at the mall with dominique. shopping! :d
shoutout >> go follow right now :d
we'd seriously love a dribble invite, anyone? :)
thanks :d
there should be a day where we should try and get as many #jonasbrothers tt as possible :)
could u follow me if ur not already ? wanna have more beliebers :)
q:what would you do if justin came in your room right now and took o... a:take him to ma bed :)
going to the rangers game soon :) please walter smith make my day and play nacho :)
i know.... i know :)
yeah sure! my goal is 2500 :) and whats your goal?
having coffee w a dude named n talking abt ipad. :) where r u, sir?
heyy add my  pin please 210b570d hahaha thx :)
morning handsome! going to go the g. village today and take some photos, walk around, soak in the rays :) and you?
and yeah...it's gonna be sicccccccck!!! :) i watched a live performance of yours on youtube yesterday and i loved it!
:d chamatkaar nahi be sidhu, yeh balaatkaar hai...
is anyone in the us getting an ipad right now? get me one too! :)
well and truely lmao :-)
thats why you steal my boy zac efron the spiderman role!!
i know i'm talented :)
follow >> now!!! :)
i'm talking wiz my friends in english in japan :) it's good for me!!!!:)
i'm a lowly canadian, that's the price i pay. :)
i care about you,dilla. very much :) i feel like no one really cares about me right now.
smh sheesh too many kings on my timeline let me do this correct happpyyy birthdayyyy <-- haha thanks love :)
seen this? :) wouldn't let me have lunch at the ritz without a tie! someone ought to bulldoze that dump! lol!
your wallpaper would have fitted right in :) is it all done now?
special thanks to gizem for yesterday night, for her fast paces and labelling each bar as shit as well :)
yup yup, if u havent heard u need to hear :)
coloring easter eggs...the video =)
enjoy! definitely =)
sure , hold on :d hey can you shoutout me?:)
gm, see yall starting early, nothing like it :)
i cant wait till is on snl. :d
rest?? say that in english, he doesn't know that word... :-)
i'm good thankyou. how are you? :)
ifollowed :)
follow!! now :)
thanks :)
really??kyaaaaaaa~ i'm so happy to hear that! no.they are just close friends,like heechul and sica :)
no its okay :d i do it for you, my friend :d
web archeology is fascinating the way back machine's fun for looking at earlier versions of your own site :)
actually it doesnt matter if i'm not following you, anyone want help with followers? :d
he looks like a proper cunt doesnt he :d
you don't have to peel him out of the wet sneakers, socks and jeans :)
could u follow me if ur not already ? wanna have more beliebers :)
villa, higuain, and umm the on fire on bendtner. i hope they'll arrive at anfield :d
you know what's best for you anyway, so you're kinda your own doctor. hope you're feeling perkier after all that rest! :)
and, hey, fye climbed up to #10 on top albums. :d
