time to rest...watching agua bendita..pampatulog =) good night!!
try acrylics or modelling paint :)
yay :) cuz i'm an afrodite & fanyl as well :) x
no worries farah! you're too popular. you are a twitter star! :-)
good luck! it's a fab comp...full details really soon :)
i'm going to change my icon to justin bieber & get a jonas bg :)
:) hate will only lead me to the bottom part of life...so i decide to just act like whisper...soft and tender and gone...
wah aku liat deh, makasi yaa :) di sini nih. di page berapa (cont)
damn, i love that video :) the kids are so cute! ...not to mention ;)
this tweet if u are a fan of i will listed u :)
morning : )
no, i'm thinking of waiting for a week or two. i don't need it today. then again, i could go down there this evening or tomorrow :)
ahaha, thankyou :)
q:do you think lucie will get a record deal ? a:yeahhh :) or like something in the theatre, ...
fine thanks. i'm tired but happy =)
if you're always going to support justin 110% :-) ♥
#photography "the geneva i like" <<< another new favorite from your "life" photos :-)
i like the fact that he is missing in some of the dancing and i like his dancing in other parts of it :d
yay, glad they have reached you safely! :)
isn't answering. so.. i'm off to thee cinema withh . gonna watch 'remember me' :d peace. <3
everyone help to make #ukwantsbieberback a tt! do it for she is amazing! :)
haha :d yea! xd
good morning buddy :) how r u this am?
aw, little glaswegian toddler on the train is called 'shakira'. :)
happy birthday and :)
can't wait for tomorrow :)
epic! :-)
if you want a shoutout! :)
ahah got more in silver :p now a necklace :) <
just cut records :)
thx girl! :) didn't realize you're running a half this am! good luck and have fun!!! now that's a comeback girl!
afternoon twitter! shopping done, bets on, having a coffee then home! my feet are killing its my own fault shopping in high heeled boots :-)
terza posizioneeee #jonasbrothers :d
yes hun! :) what do u want me to tell him again? :))
omfg tescos is playing my worlds having a fit atm :d
both married for those who admire either :) lol
and the one who hides them under the couch is in trouble! lol www.drses.blogspot.com happy easter frfiend :)
plz follow shes new here so she havnt so many followers... so gogogo& follow her :) shes a good girl :d <3
this tweet if u are a fan of i will listed u :)
thank you :)
getting ready for the vigilia pascual later. i'm one of the readers. :)
al gore will visit them during his conference in manila... :) (well i was in g during that time)
what about... mcfly by the lake (down by the lake) ?? -- haha, that works too! :)
gooooood morning! how are you? :)
hahaha... don't get me wrong okey... re: wow wibi i got a brand new battery :-)
i'm great thanks been bored of shakesphere :) music and tv to the rescue :d
쉬십시오 보스 ^_^ #퀘이사_
same to you hun and thanks :) hugs
#jonasbrothers fans are the best fans in the world. we aren't only fans. we are a family with a good base =)
you're killin' me, pat. :)
follow me pls :)
daddy im so sorry sssorry we just like to party baby where beautiful and dirty dirty rich :)
on my way to work :)
yeahh :d (@jessbieb live on
pretty good! :d & get betterz! <3
hey. sure? :) ill shout you out yes? :)
hey christine! give me a shoutie haha i haven't been on anni's acc for hours! :)
overhearing a great conversation :)
#jonasbrothers fans are the best fans in the world. we aren't only fans. we are a family with a good base =)
very welcome in our great world :) hallo #iphone, good by prepaid.
hi hater! lol :) no we didn't damn i need to get back on my twitter flow....i didn't get a new
your an amazing mom!!! so excited for you and the new job and everything gods doing in your life :)
if anyone knows how to get to cpw tonight lemme know :)
ask me anything :)
hey! where's ur pic! :)
no worries bro, shit happen. :)
hopefullt, being off school, i wont fall behind so much over the next few weeks :)
:) love the way you phrased that. god bless!
im glad she stood layinq w/ me instead of goinq up stairs x82o :)
you knoq ita easter when mum decorates the mirror :d xx
thankyou for the #ff's :)
goodmorning motha :) i called u when i got bk home last nite
cmon united!!! :d
#ukwantsbieberback ! soon please :) x
random fact: i like cheryl cole. shes an amazing singer :)
ah k thanks : )
you are beautiful with a beautiful mission... "to provide, to assist and inspire around us a life based on love." #ff :)
she's really pretty. really skinny too. and smells awesome :)
same :) i'm just tweting and listening to music :)
happy birthday to eddie murphy from brooklyn, ny! hope this birthday you get to "party all the time" :)
congrats to her :) it's great when hard work finally pays off.
just passed the apple store and way too many people on line to even have a chance at grabbing an apple ipad today. hopefully soon :)
good morning : )
indeed :-)
morning to u tooo =)
check out my myspace page and leave me a comment :) www.myspace.com/annkathrinmusic
#jonasbrothers love us awwww :)
check out my new york times article!!!! :d its all cuz of you guys :}
sabi ni more bayasings pleaseings please for thy win! more gloria for sabado de gloria!!! :) ayan! more elbow again
everyone help to make #ukwantsbieberback a tt! do it for she is amazing! :)
yaaaaay.... it's so good to see you both following eachother on twitter :) &
yup, remember i told u it was a lil nappy lol...had to get it permed. i'm under the dryer now. =)
oh wait. if i'm not following you, you might have to me first. :)
who wants shoutout? :)
yeah very true, he was so unlucky =/ i'm glad he's still involved in the game though :)
how are you preparing/relaxing before 2 nites appearance? :)
sigh...i know the feeling. i'm waiting on someone to hit me up. i'm ready to do a little shopping today =)
already made 40 bucks from early birds! woooooo! :)
haha i woke up on my dark side today... lol :d
if youre a teenage belieber :)
