yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay :d
lurve new moon. hope you're enjoying the movie. :)
:) the less i say the more my work gets done. elton john
yesss i wanna see!! :d
thankyouuuuu :d happy sweet 17 birthday best wishes fo you darl :)
thank you boo! much props, appreciation, and love! : ) xoxoxo
i can't wait! opening day is sunday!!! go sox! happy easter to you and your family! :)
i'm hooping tomorrow... get to rest tonight... :-)
thanks solmeet :* happy birthday my solmet, my metsol, trajuningtyas dwi utari. wish you all the best as usual :)
oh yeah ! because that's when he retweeted so many people and i think i kept refreshing his page that day :d lmao .
take sum exclusives for me :) lol
they're one of lifes treasured treats! they really should make little pumpkins for halloween :)
it's pretty early to be playing shuffleboard at stoney's. and yet... :)
shoutout to follow her she follows backk ! :)
whoever put those usb ports on a switch supervisor must be a smart dude :)
haha welcome! i hope you watch mine too! :)
thanks :d are you doing anything today?
haha...my name really does end in -son. :d (maybe i should be betty bettington instead)
hands down, my favorite almond milk unsweetened of course. now come out with a hemp milk :)
so delete it all and pretend its 1910. :)
remember ? :) ahah . thank you!
at hooters, eating chicken wingz and watching the bulls play on t.v. :)
check out the nexus one. its due on verizon this spring, but holy hell!!! :d that's what i want!
i'm getting syfyhd on one of the cards, so at least i can watch sgu at 9. :)
sounds great, man. :)
#ff :d
looking forward to hanging mon!! :)
hey, i don't think u should give up your name, but i'd love it if you'd help lose hers. :) #50kfor50k
:o why i not all der boo? nah im pretty decent jus pist about ma essay but im good baby love :)
thank you for the #ff and amazingly back at you on #followfriday :)
you got it! :-)
i'm excited for you getting to see ori!!!! :d <33 haha. (: && thankyou for your music suggestions :d for youu, i'd suggest >
eating without me.. <<~~ :)
♥ is there anything else that needs 2 be said bout my #noh8 big bro, he's super cool and totally rocks #ff ♥ ya :)
ah, thank you! i wasn't aware of that, but i'll probably wind up at a party anyway. :) i may try for it, though.
yeah! they followed me first. pretty good! :d <3
hey darling!! nice to see you :)
hi david pleased to meet u! :)
hey, geeky & sassy go together like peanut butter & chocolate! :-)
off early!!!! yes!!!!! =)
ellington on absolutepunk.net check it out :d
i think so.. yes i kinda do hes following me :)
on the way home. two seconds on the interstate and there's a wreck. still raining. but it's been a great day :)
how you doin bf? :) <+ oh, ma lil gf! wats go'n on wit chu this even'n?
is hot stuffss :) and he is always in the uk, not like how america hog ;) phaha x
i love queen as i have said b4!! :) woop not really just druink atm u ok ? ]
i am so happy, it feels good to be a father. like i have a mini me right here :-) #fb
only 3 more followers till 300 whoa buddy! that's very exciting! thanks for following me guys :-) its very much appreciated! xx
awesome! i hope we bump into each other. :d i'm going to try to go to sam's town this time, but i'm not 100% sure.
it'll happen...just give it time. i have a great bond with our son :-)
i love my p.r :) -- huge shout goes 2 the talented
( blushin ) :) #ff she's so sexy! -- yes she is
just found on zingled! :d come find me too!
max: "i love you all the way to heaven & back & to heaven & back again times infinity, then to the moon & back." i think he loves me :)
the way to my heart, bk, is through bitching about the muni. i do it often, i do it well. welcome to the club :)
i'm so the same way. thinking about getting myself a kitchen timer to help me. :)
dats wats up :)
lol. ever seen the sitcom community? that is one hilarious show :) and i ♥ joel mchale
i like your spelling ability when drunk. :)
hi david! are you all ready for the easter bunny if you celebrate the holiday? lol hope ur day was awesome! :)
god i'm obsessed with them! i hope to go see them this summer on tour :)
heading to :) /nerdgasm!
thanks for the #ff :)
#shoutout2dagirlz that eat ass but dont eat chittlins.. :) << u tooooo fuckin much omg lmao...
perfect day with :) best birthday of his life. <3
it's not hip hop or rap but mary j blige "my life" sampled roy ayers "everybody love the sunshine" both classic tracks imo : )
thank you! semangat pagi... re: ...sabtu bermutu... :d
thank you for following :)
#ff :d
look wat i found! ketchup chips! :-) yummy i'll bring some back from canada!
#shoutout2dagirlz that suck dick like she's rolling a blunt! :)
passa ae :) tem que me add no orkut tb rsrs
chess‽ checkers‽ what do i have to do to get klin zha‽ :-) please?
i'll share any tips i have any time. you have only to ask. :-)
thanks! it says "not all those who wander are lost," in elvish. =)
it's a trail race in the middle of nowhere...we're lucky we even have timing chips! :)
é uma musica com a gwen stefani :d
follow my followers! :)
if you wanna be the next person tweets! :d
engagement moment :) #perfectharmony
hmm and make me laugh with their silly thoughts ... :p << ahahahaha damnn :)
hehe... i mixed sexy, sardonic, liberal conserv., and writerly. and of course brainy. pure nitro! :)
please help me help reach 100 followers today. :) thanks! #ff #followfriday
you too sweet!! happy easter weekend, and remeber checking back later when our website comes out :)
teaching a lot and writing. things are fab! good luck finding something soon :-)
playing in the car :) it's only right....
guacamole bacon burger w/ boca patty is the bizz red robin! then u can wrk it off here-> :)
watching the boys laugh their butts off playing the xblig kodu. they do such ridiculous things in that game. makes me smile :)
great! my room already looks like an i love the 80s special :) i think the world needs one! #blackhalsparks
bring it on! :)
only because you lacked the opportunity pie-man :d
your my fave as well :-)
come find us still :) ask for bieberswomen fools andyoull get a shotuotut !
annd follow back btw :)
you're going to the orlando concert? so am i! :)
:) yes zirr. paula campbell "denial" (video) www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqprgwpqmy0 <-thx 4 the babe
thank you =)
hehe thanks lel :d ciiee yg 17th. udah tua neh. haha. happy birthday yaa. wish you all the best! traktiran :p
doesn`t he look " fiooonn " in all his videoss ? :) lol
super monkey ball :d (@mmitchelldaviss live at )
