:) so how are you?
wishing everyone a happy, harmonious, peaceful, serene, contemplative easter with family and friends. if that's what you want :-)
proposal, the book doesn't exist yet. unless you have a way to mine appha waves :-)
my pleasure my friend. c u upgraded your suit. nice! have a gr8 night! b thanks blair!! :)
i'm great!!!!!!! =)
yay you! go for it hunny! :d
watching you now....rotf!!!! i got socks!!!! :d
haha! thank you very much for your great message! i really appreciate it! :d
you're going to look fierce! :-)
we have a winner yes over 50 of them. :) anyone buying ipad apps already? /via
=) wat u want it to say ?
the chictopia with a pair of killer heels :)
awwww thank you =)
i loveeeee taylor & orianthi :) haha!!
emily is at a sleepover at a friend's house. thomas is sad he's not going on a sleepover. who wants him?? :)
it was nice meeting u! :-)
everybody make sure you add me :) on follow fridays tgif
party lata that's bout it and u?? :d
haha i'll do my best but can't promise anything, i can't wait to be there :) xxxxx
absolutely bacon is the savior of many a recipe! :)
to celebrate the launch of duets, we're also giving 10% off all orders until april 19th :) #perfectharmony
whew! okay, a bit better! i'd imagine the ex is more nervous than you :-) fun times.
totally got a sunburn today. that makes me smile. :) i know i'm weird.
to celebrate the launch of duets, we're also giving 10% off all orders until april 19th :) #perfectharmony
spring cleaning. making the playlist for tomorrow. skype :)
going inn on that #zodiacfacts tt :) whats ur sign?
im getting sleepy too but i'm waitin for :d what are you doing ?:)
can we do goal for goal in about 10mins? just helping someone esle first :)
q:you have visited brazil? a:nope but i hope someday :)
happy birthday thanks for giving us :)
i have two heads but don't worry #itsnotthatserious . :d
who's up? talk 2 me :)
hey :)
thinking about things. i just can't stop smiling :)
#ff the lovely --- super nice person :) (follows back)
i'm not telling. keep an eye on for updates :)
sign? please :)
how to train a dragon...i approve! back to the hotel to change and then off to coloumbus :-)
if you want to be followed! :)
don't throw it away. a lot of people are urging to have one kindle. and you'll not read that ipad outdoors =)
dis iz y i follow she iz real unlike some ov deze fake azz bishez :)
this if you love and wanna get him to 10,000 followers! :)
yenny's favorite restaurant in new york city is pongal! they serve indian cuisine ~ do you like indian food? :) #wgff
can't get enough steampunk :d woven crystals steampunk watch works necklace:
please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
is it just me, or is she looking really good 2nite, too? :) watching . she is having a "happy" night.
#star sighting #telemundo novelas pine tree drive north of 41th street :)
aww so nice to talk to u again.. como estas? :)
thank you, pam! nice to see you here! pat your special for me. :)
out the door to lakers b-ball game :)
why, yes it is the new album cover. happy u likes. :)
oh, what a kind thing 2 say kat. hugs & love 2 you! :-) sweet and lovely. like you. happy easter! *big hugs*
whoah wow! thanks for following me ! :)
yeah i did, :/ but justin's worth it hahah :)
love story!!!! :) :)
she's probably off commenting t-swift lyrics... :)
send me your bbms :) *
hee! kind of excited to go into the studio :d
in this flamed up taco shop with my tee! and nobody fucking with me. :)
i'm fine sweety :) how r u?
to celebrate the launch of duets, we're also giving 10% off all orders until april 19th :) #perfectharmony
epic fc #236/241 i dunno why i left this one till now lol. fsfc here i come :d
have a dope performance u guys! beat it! much jabbalove! :d
i dont really care lol i dont even know why i bothered re chris ha ha just got suddenly pleased for him :)
stargate universe is on; leave me comments if you like =) don't be afraid to be harsh.
sweet :) read this: and follow i'm one of the leaders <3
atlanta hawks at cleveland cavs. cleveland 49, atlanta 46 at the half. truck race p2, lap 80/150. go hawks & go 18!! :)
arrived home safely :)
any audio guys/gals out there who can dub an intro into an audio real fast for me? like by 12noon est tomorrow?? :)
thanks alex :) happy bday!
that's right :-)
please follow us back beacuse. we love bieber :)
aww :-) gregor just phomed me cause simply red fairground came on & that's my favourite :-)
next person who follows gets a massive shoutout ! gooo :)
agreed, but lots will take either googl-esque semantic extraction or manual labour :)
got dita von teese tickets for wednesday :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
:d nice to meet you too julianne!
to celebrate the launch of duets, we're also giving 10% off all orders until april 19th :) #perfectharmony
i was joking chill..#woosaaa <-- oh but so was i =)
agahran: glad my post was useful :-): agahran: glad my post was useful :-)
ok! :) u start! :)
they certainly are entertaining :-)
great article phitted by taevans: what's everybody's responsible daily calorie intake for weight loss? :)
aw sorry i live in cali n have never even been to ny!!! good luck tho! :)
nikki says we all have to get together next time :-) working on house this weekend! have a super holiday xoxo
if u want a shoutie! then follow >> first! then tweet me :)
okay,, i will tonight when i simmer down :)
oh cool :)
about to throw it down in the kitchen :)
windows down , breeze blowing. coldplay on blast...i'm in love with the s550 :)
you deserve it :) thanks for the follow . :)
man no matter what i do nobody thinks i'm a thug! #ff nice guy :)
it's called peaceheart, and yes, i got it already! =)
talking too & on aim :)
i know, stupid timothy peters needs to blow a tire :) << that would be awesome *evil smirk*
totally. fiction. non-fiction. term papers. all the same mistakes. :)
#ff lovely spring jewelry! :)
to celebrate the launch of duets, we're also giving 10% off all orders until april 19th :) #perfectharmony
well i am doing better then expectedbut shhhhhh don't tell the nurse i still want my deloted drug medicine :)
