wearing this dress today :)
i feel so special!! :-) ((hugs)) finally got my #followfriday post up today!! u r in it:
& i want to walk over & take pictures in front of it :)
thx :)
q:please follow me on twitter :) a:okkk
djing on my new slot's 5-7pm. tune in at and send your requests :)
home sweet home after a lovely day in charleston, sc. now cozied on the couch watching 'life' on discovery & letting the "tan" set in :)
please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
ppl are just blind! period! haha. and lights is pretty, so are you btw! lol :)
this is so much fun! & thanks for not being mean lol :) >
boiling eggs too long is possible, ok if they're just for the easter bunny, not for egg salad. guess you skip devilled eggs? :-)
that's the nicest kind of #ff, thank you. : )
come see a band called lower life form tonite in houston at big star bar n hang w us :d
yeahhhh!! huntingg!! skins 4 now in dvd.. maree kita berskins ria.. :d
i wanted to say that i love you :)
#teamlibra for sure :) *sends you starbucks* lol
can you follow me back ? :)
well, i like your new name. i think it suits ya! :)
you're a definite star :)
haha aw man! that's crazy! have fun :)
yes i know, next time :) i was in and out pretty quick. actually brought it home from louisville.
don't be sad, tai-chan. :( if it makes you feel any better, i've always liked you. <3 :)
#ff follow because she's actually cooler than and she pretty much just saved my life. thanks so much :)
#ff ---> :)
ayeeee just found my shawty on zingled :) follow her
after a long time, saw sunrise, heard birds chirping and seems to be wonderful start of the day. good morning tworld :)
sounds so romantic and fun :) i hope you have an amazing night with your love, you two are adorable! xoxo
loooooong day. is it too early for wine? :)
souls code » celebrity quiz: which rock stars go spiritual? :) celebrity quiz
i followed u back hunni, thanks :)
for those who don't know, we tweet-4-tweet on follow friday as our way of saying thank you! :) ~kristin
really? i wanna visit holland someday :d i'm from brazil..
carrabba's my fav resturaunt in the whole wide world!! :)
no prob =) thnx for followin back!!
#ff the homie :) (follows back)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 new followers. i will choose two random people :) it may be you ( must be following! ) <3
new bg, credit to :)
i'm always behaving! wish i wasn't lol i'm relaxing, getting ready and cooking tomorrow for easter on sunday! :) xo
1 more follower :)
yeah, i like it buuut not as much as i like the other ones :)
i took that pic. lol hey! there's pierced boobs in ur background!!! :-)
ok good :) and when's the video coming out anyway?!
just a reminder to anyone that may have missed tweets, the backrub is on at midnight (est) tonight instead of 11 :)
haha yah you can :)
better late than never :d
lol shut up i wish!!! =) i wanna go to the movies =( (via and now the line forms... lol
staying in wellington in baz for the night, show tomorrow at the talent farm. you should go :)
ohh okay! i think i know where :)
thanks i appreciate that :)
okay! it's time to root! hi :)
aww im sorry,yeah i ahd to gett,60 stiches across my head,i wasnt suppost to live :( but i did :)
:) i think i should calm down, im already planning a grand opening! i dont even have anything left to display.
gogo dancing at tonight with kimberlye and natasha :) come by and say hi!
how's friday treating you? i have some work still to do. =)
then let's pick a time and play in the mountains together. email me! :)
followed you =)
ok let me see if i can use it :)
yay! what a plan! it looks great! :)
yepp nd awee thnkk u i qotcha i can do u 1 afta i finsh mii othaa ones =)
also note: i said republicans... not gop! i couldn't care less about the gop! jefferson republicans only! :)
aw :)
care to share who :)
true that! (*this ad has be approved by the panda) :)
#peopleshould really read about astrology #justlikeme :) it's interesting.. i'm deep into it. #zodiacfacts
thanks you very much! :d
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 new followers. i will choose two random people :) it may be you ( must be following! ) <3
chillin with the family watching the blind side & eating pizza on a friday night, lame :) .
ask me anything !! :)
sure!! :) i'll be at 10,485! :) wbu?
sign? :) please it's for jay :d
apple devices explained....sexually! [pics]: :)
how about a mb/paul ryan ticket? :)
hello :) speaks very highly of you, nice to meet you!
that awesome post was written by thank you for the rt. :)
nah. that's a lie. you're reading it backwards. it's 084 calories. enjoy! :)
just found on zingled! :d come find me too!
q:can i come visit u so i can massage your whole body?... a:suree =)
:) #ff
wait? really?! really?! link. now. please. :d
:)
i no bare girls wld luv ur hubby 2 look like dis // he's cuteeeeeee o.o :d
q:i love you :) a:aww me loves to u billion times more<3
yeah i was front row (non vip). i waited 14 hours <3 and yeah it was amazing. so you live in orlando? :)
if you're interested, us. we're looking for someone who would be able to tweet from this acct on a regular basis :)
#ff nuff said! lol :-)
my sister's getting me a coach......wristelet! lol :)
#dearfuturehubby: i look exceptional tonight. if u ready, i'm ready. liquid on west 6th. let's elope<--okie dokie... :)
good friday service, sweet cece's, and a walk with my sweetie in downtown franklin. life is good. :)
yes i am bout to get it in ]us dropped me off a nice home cooked meal! yay he feeds his god child =)
i admire the patience and persistence of those who renovate i couldn't do it :-)
lol! yup i get that! maybe it's time 2 set yr intention 2 have a va take care of it! : ) is there a 12-step prog 4 us? lol!
i would be honored if you followed me back and made my twitter life that much more important =)
#ff --- highly entertaining tl, really love her updates && #latenightcrew member :)
heading to :d :d 10 pm showing...3d style..oh yeeeaaahh.
when & where and we are there! :-) rt: u need 2 bring ur man & we'll head 2 wine country!
thanks for the #ff shoutout! right backatcha! :-)
i love you guys. you always sticker me up when i;ve done the newport seafood and wine festival in years past. :)
please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
followw meee : )
replied :)
