thank you for doing so :-)
haha thanks :) so how are you?
in nh w/mom,dad,aunt donna,uncle miles & my ruby. "the vivek" drink & celtics on. its good to be home. :) #fb
as long as you follow i'm happy :-)
thank you for the #followfriday shout. hope you have a hoppy easter with lots of good things from the easter bunny! :-)
just know #ibeknowing =)
if you want to be followed! :)
followed ya:) follow back ya :)
almusal :)
me too-thinking i should put the jelly bellys away & get a glass of water =)
24 ipads to be exact :)
7x 64gb
5x 32gb
12x 16gb
and a couple of accessories. (via ching ching!
must follow --> <--- let's help them get 2000 :) amazing person
wooow gracias!!! you rock my dear friend :)
thank you for your kindness i appreciate it so much! you are one of my favorite follows :)
omg dont you just love porn :)
i will need to go to dr by your apt and grab batteries =) i have 2, but i know i will need more. i gotta find bunny ears too!
#peopleshould love me for who i am!!! :-) <---the only ones who can tolerate me are those that do haha
could be fun :)
you should follow me you sexxxxyy thing :-)
that's tha view from my backyard :) the lake is down the road..very pretty indeed.
hangin at the ryman with :)
rockin' the tall boots & foggy eyes out with the hubs and friends tonite. good times :)
going to eat from bonefish :)
if you want to be followed! :)
q:cool :d , all i want to do is get ta know you . aha ... a:.....datxx no problem hunn
lol... wait until you see the pic i blog about. priceless three-kid photo. you, w/3 kids, will appreciate. :)
i was just eating my fish fry..& waitin to here the total sass of always..you r nicer than her :)
at a nice woman named laura's house celebrating birthday. :)
yay :d
aw thank you :)
i am so looking forward to when we have 6,900 followers because 69 is my fav number really =) ~z
i eat them out of nostalgia. i think it's safer to eat a china-made egg :-)
thanks! i think so too. love those characters :)
heyyyyy new followerss =)
dominican republic is a tt <3 :)
start your weekend of right vote for me :) for atk babe of the month & xfanz miss summer 2010 www.xfanzexpo.com
r u trying to view a page? ~snip~ back the url to the next 'backslash' //i'll try that, thank you :)
i had no idea it was, silly me : )
thanks! and will do, will they follow back? :)
how is ur good friday going? it's already easter saturday down under :) what are ur plans for easter? love u xoxo
yay! i can't wait to see it :d
i will dm christian & justin for the next 4 ppl who follow ! theyve both answered before ! tweet me if you follow. gooo :)
pretty much always friendly. :d the only combination that eludes me trying is mayan dark--90% cacao + peppers. :shudders:
who else wants a shoutout? :)..there free!! :d lol
#iplnights#iplnights #iplnights#iplnights#iplnights #iplnights#iplnights#iplnights #iplnights#iplnights rocking all the way :)
followed ya:) hei follback ya :) hehe
to celebrate the launch of duets, we're also giving 10% off all orders until april 19th :) #perfectharmony
thanks for the #ff :)
we dont got no drinks at the bar bc we got jb right here with us say ahhh ah ah ahah say ahh =) made my by self dont steal!
you got your phone!!! welcome to #teamiphone : )
it's okay bb :) i think may be jealous if you come up here for the toronto convention.
yes, i do. will try you sometime in the next week or so. :)
uhum.. *-* é.. msndoguirez@hotmail.com =)
that was ace, cheers pavarotti pwning le bon so to speak :)
:) ma shit
yay eve pearl order is here :)
hehe. this guy on project runways is funny :d
thanks for the rt! :)
"this is my 2nd blog, blog number 2" hahaha! you don't say, fugative lmao. it's your 2nd & number 2? lmao! it's not even a blog lol <3 :-) x
i see you on uber but not tweetdeck...weird! i should be on chat later...you? hubs is out for the night :)
yes, but this is about data. hence the confusion :)
everyone should follow ! lets get him to 800. :d
you're welcome :)
just landed in queenstown! about to take the shotover jet ride! soo excited! :)
just found on zingled! :d come find me too! :d
out the door to lakers b-ball game :) <<< fresssssssh fit sis #goodlook ;)
good morning and have a wonderful saturday! :)
running around town hunting down the perfect table setting for mom & dad's on sunday.. . i think we found it! :d
wow..cool! :d planned. plus, it would be cool to see the venues for a geotagged tweet ...
huuuuuuuuggggggggg! for all those retweets :)
looking forward to seeing you there. also, one other reason we picked 3 pm restaurant will be emptier except for us :-)
i love it! and there are four all within 20 miles of me :)
we did that last night. no more left. :)
yup, starting monday, 7pm na the wrap! :-)
awwwwee, that sucks :( but yayy that you still have your fave 12 colours!! :d
hiiii :) i'm good thanks :) hbu?
is there any other way ? :) welcome back to nyc
lol thanks for following me! how are you? :)
noo, ah i need to message the person. i'll get back to you :)
i hope he comes on soon :) wonder what's he's been up too, prob easter egg hunt?
ummm... calling for starters, when u roll thru boston :-)
great meeting you :)
who me? :) think i'm getting sick too. rest and feel better.
haha! i drink soooooo much water. it's pretty much all i drink now besides coffee :)
okay to make up for me not really going in this #ff im going to follow a whole bunch of new faces.. they better follow back :-)
don't tell, but i did a wee bit of post-processing. including upping the sharpness setting just a tad :)
looking forward to it! just no twisters that weekend, think you can manage it? :)
rotflmfo u can have cena just hands off mine :d
thanku :d wow, i ve never evan heard of them annd they have loads of followers hahaa i thought was the biggest
indeed i do =) $29.99 for unlimited data is ridiculous for only a phone with two browsers that barely work
almost frameable? i beg to differ. that is a must frame!! :)
thanks danny. :-) ditto on happy easter
#peopleshould tweet others how they want to be tweeted. :) #positivetweet
#effizytweet :d windows down , breeze blowing. coldplay on blast...i'm in love with the s550 :)
she looooooks finnne af in that video! nicki minaj <she sure does :)
i meant it in a nice way hun : )
sometimes we need a laugh or three to get by. :)
who lied to u?? lol jk biatch : ) i was kidding!! but yea i tol em u was a nice person!!
eu quero da cor da sua =) (@yeah_clothing live on
good morning sunshine..its gonna be a brand new day and lets start it right ! sentosa with the be family :)
you've gotta be one of the nicest people alive :)
i doont get why #ff is a tt it doesnt woork :d
hmmm, hoping its the wrapping that glows and not the eggs! :)
lady gaga feat sesame street telephone :) #funny 22:9:2
made me a cd and it's amazing...i've been listening to it my whole trip. love ya girl <3 :)
does that mean they won't blow around on saturdays and sundays anymore? lol! :)
your the best :)
did you drink the whole bottle by yourself? :)
#ff --- coz hes super cool n super nice :) (follows back)
i has #android jail broken & working on us t-mobile network. thumbs up : )
book report check clean room check write honor society interview questions check errands check now getting ready for dinner with you!! : )
new facebook page! become a fan! pleasee :)
http://www.facebook.com/pages/chasejordan/114283068582907?ref=mf
funny, is what i do :)
you must get on facebook! i'm on it, too...let me know when you do and i'll "friend' you! :)
update: working backwards :)
just sent you an email :-) so grateful to cynthia greenawalt-carvejal for making the introduction!
lmao awww :) r.i.p to my timeline when you leave ;) lol
saw emi when i was leaving the movies :)
silly u odee dike 3yrs old... it's nice mii like it :)
thank :)
here's what greets me each morning these days :) makes the world go away
i miss the tweets of i hope you and your family are doing well :)
whooo? me? never! :) :)
nahhhh hahaha not better than peace walker, and tequila is from mexico indeed :d
i have some big plans / involving my big crockpot / and pepto bismol :)
the girl sitting opposite me on the tram is wearing awesome vintage glasses without a prescription in them. yay glasses for fashion! :d
dont worry sweetie :d
i had a great one, miriam! i hope everyone is having a pleasant today. :)
congrats i'm soooo jealous, i know you'll enjoy it! :)
hey guillermo, we are working on getting them back in stock as quickly as possible. :) ^jc
listening to 1987 new order glasto gig on 6music :)
me too!! let's help each other :) trying to reach 1,000 followers by monday!! can you help?
haha. i know! i'm hopefully going on holiday at the end of the year. probably to america again. i love america! :)
#eolove #getstablerdivorced #geteotogether #eoseason12 please give eo a chance! you would make lots of ppl happy. :d
was the show in may? we might even be there... :)
wooo hooo :) that's all i have to say :-))))
out the door to lakers b-ball game :) << got damn your hot!
sorry dude just saw ur tweet. give me shout i'll give ur pop culture quiz a shot. :)
i am who's going to paid dues tomorrow?<~~i am too :)
thanks for checking out my background, you're on the list :) is that one of your dolls? have a great weekend and happy easter!
thx4rt/mention! peeps 2ff #awesometeam :-)
claim the package at zestair airport daw, cargo area which is at the back. u can ask the guards :)
thanks :)
just put on the calendar for 4/14 at 8:00 p.m. est :-) you going to join in?
lol i found one today. i have to add some decoration to it. its so plain. then the beach tomorrow =)
we have awesome jobs =) woop woop i love my job lol. no kids so i'm playin (cont)
followed :)
i like the way you think :-)
if you want to be followed! :)
lol hehe :d
i'm not, but i'm dying to play with one :)
i plan to when i figure out her schedule better lol :)
hey da homie is drivin out ur way &is gon stop by and say hi for meeh! :) :) :) lol
and there's no spam or anything i've been signed up for a week :) i'm suppose to get paid for each person i refer
lol good! and yessir! i'm ready for his bbq chicken forreal. :)
#shoutout2dagirlz that are librasss :) #teamlibra
gonna have dinner, be back later.........have fun and be nice to each other......till i return :) (via
dm it to me! :)
haha ok :)
: ahha okay all ifound is fries. juice and rice :) now im readdyy.
oh my! vicks all over ma chest upper lip and nose for no reason :) i love it
dis iz y i follow she iz real unlike some ov deze fake azz bishez :)
if u follow & tell us, we'll give u a shoutout! my mom and mom think justin is cool so they made a fan twitter! :)
it's excellent in a kinda damn i wish i could do that kinda way... :d
last night was great! now just chllin at home. :)
aw ya i guess talked me into it :) but it was a lot of fun!
thanks so much for the #ff! it is my pleasure to be following you as well :)
me please :)
thanks for the good #ff lovin :)
lol! if only we could bottle that energy. :-) ^fm
tonight we are going to be watching "men who stare at goats" :)
well i will put that theme learnin' off since has accepted my request :d
make ur way to 's place...unlimited back & foot rubs :)
it's lunch time! i'm in the mood for some chicken mcnuggets :) fuck nuggets. i want mcrib
another time :-)
girl its totally fine :) i understand.
i was like andrea's cool points just went up like a million! :d
if you want to be followed! :)
hey carey, can you help spread the word for they are a great organization, and they need more followers :)
oh... i have no idea. my last exam had finished over 10 years. but you can find out the way to get answer easier than me... :)
i got another one :d i still have it! just testing all the android phones :d
fair enough my vote would be for plain english :-)
hey alita, please check your local stores for details. :) ^jc
lucie or heather is in bed :) didn't see it was two parter hehe :) x
thanks for posting this blog. please let us know if there is anything we can help you with :)
thanks x 2 :)
you'll be glad to hear that it's been added in 0.9.8 :)
if you want to be followed! :)
kids already spoilered me, they went this afternoon :d you'll luv it.
#ff my tattoo designer --- one of the best entertainers i follow dont miss out :)
can you please followww :) thanks
let's see if i can get 400 followers- now that woild be hot :)
wow #shoutout to my new follower =)
i like people that are made of candy like michelle :)
thanks boo...diiiito! hope you had a blessed day aswell.... :)
sure thing baby girl :) ill sign now :) <3
thx xoxo! :)
thanks so much you are the best :)
eva so pretty sophie :) and kellen lutz taken by :)
thanks love i heart you sissy! love reading your tweets!! such a profound mind my lil one has : )
