fuck you :)
ok i'm watching it now....and losing my blackness with every second :)
good! =)
at least you got a little time with the kiddies :) same here though, work, work and more work!
#followfriday please follow very nice lady and fellow bird lover. great tweets, too! :-) {totally agree!}
< mirror mirror on the wall who the baddest of them all :) i line them up and watch them fallllll oooo ooo oo
"i'm the only one she love... there's no copies of the key, homie that's a guarantee!" drake :)
headed home from a successful day at work. met some awesome ppl. looking fwd to what tmw may bring. :-)
always! :)
no problem.you guys are awesome :)
mmmm.. i'm about to go in on this german chocolate cake!!! and wash it down with glass of milk!!! i love grandmas!!! :-)
*raises hand* i'll be home next weekend :) when i get back to dc, who wants to go on a date with me to the national gallery?
sounds funnn ori!! :) btw... when you're in australia, what day are you arriving in melbourne?! :)
you have a reply :)
i'll stop tweeting about #4sqday when everyone signs up :) sorry guys!
welcome back! :)
:) whenever you smile i smile
about to blindfold and bring him to a secret location for his birthday celebration! flipcaming the whole night =)
i love it too :d it has a certain aura about it :) and yes that does make us near :) x
goin 2 see d.l. hughley at the ontario improv tonite.. :)
have fun sweets. hope you had a good day =) you have been on my mind the last few days. just been overly swamped
ur welcome :) what's up tho
thankyouuuuuu put :d eh ayo dong put donlotin :p
waiting until 10:00 so i can watch kca ... i noe im late lol =)
its catherine :) i finished making cookies. haha & i watched starstuck xd
fun! colombians are good people =)
also illness, i will skip a long run after sickness. sick will make ya miserable, tired i can get over :)
hb is huntington beach. nb is newport beach. oc code. :)
just use the delete button =) yup it comes in handy. real friends dont talk shit. yup
you helped so much, i don't know how i can thank you. :) <3
that sounds excellent! :d enjoy!!!
amen sweet friend i wish u & a wonderful blessed easter :-)
thanks hun! and thank your friend. :)
thanks for earlier :) mwah!
lol all the ff luv.. it was still appropriate :)
no, not evil at all. :) i've been a puddle of mama goo all day the only time he slows down is when he's sick or hurt.
yes it is!! well done bro! u knw ur cars :d
miss you too :) ♥ ♥
really tho? ((sorry had to post again)) sissy is yo future nurse and i'm ya future make up artist :)
#randomthought rocsi from 106 & park looks like doodoo! i'm just not feelin her.. she jus looks like shit salad..#kbye :)
can you please save a size small for me? that would be suuuuper :-)
now following follow back luv =)
yeahh :) atleast we both born in sept
ilove that song :d <-- me too. im listening to it right now =)
what to eat after these 6 laps at the track? i was thinking of a big bowl of ice cream ^_^
called. got her vm. will try again tomorrow... but i'm not talking business on easter. i have limits... :)
#nowfollowing another #bish :) *slaps ur booty* how ye doin
thx4rt/mention! peeps 2ff #awesometeam :-)
very true about weird plays. just one of the reasons to love the game. :)
yeah ill sign on in a sec :)
just use the delete button =) yup it comes in handy. real friends don talk shit. yup
ok, sorry. i'll stop. :) i don't block anybody. i just sit here and get called a stupid douche over and over again.
any time! no need to thank me. it's an honor to be included. :)
i may have worked too much today. he's kinda junk now. i guess i'm just tougher... :-)
its all good babe!! its a movie :)
the only credit i can give to facebook's farmville is that it's allowed me to convince my wife that we need a second laptop. :)
lonnng day...now for some rest and relaxation... :)
i'll wait and watch live at next thursday. to keep that anticipation at an extreme level. :)
i want keith olbermann to read me bedtime stories every night. :d #olbermann #p2
you guys can come meet me, take pics & get dvd's all day sat &sun! :)
amazing show!! crazy fun!! :)
:) yay! its going well. nap then time 4 a comedy club
and now i'm totally stuffed from dinner :d
:) stan lee to attend phoenix comicon 2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #phxcc ^a
happy easter to you, as well! :d
#shoutout to everyone for the #ff love!! :)
i hope they come to canada for ya :)
i do what i can! :)
nothing much just being happy!!! :d what about you?
would you all help me try to get the attention of i want to see if she will be willing to give up the name. =)
everyone go follow now! :d
oh, i share the good and the bad :) if u had something good to share, would you keep it a secret or want to tell the world?
welcome :)
awwww, that's cute! :)
create a listener and register for updates, then work from there :) works great
my profile pic was taken by the uber awesome photog at #sxsw. can't believe he did that...so star-struck! :)
another article deadline coming up. maybe it's time to write about the future of twitter again. my opinion has been changing. :)
up and stuck in the moment :d
thanx sa :)
sure i mean that!! :d
ok will do :)
yep i'm off now =)
lol people have been talking about me all my life...i never listen to my own press :)
please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
dave & busters tonight with my pretty cousin. who slidin' thru to kick it with me? :)
i love these guys. :) #nowplaying "unstoppable" ♫
i want a tweet limittt. and i'm gonna get one. watch :d
:) your matzoh ball tweet just ended up in a screen shot of my upcoming book, twitter & facebook for seniors
jammin to what? :) jb? <3 im trying to find a good recipe to cupcakes. are you on spring break?! i am!!
i am in florida getting ready for a party :)
sorry man i'm still helpin dad. i'm being a lumberjack for the day again. have fun get some cold rock and think of us :)
#shoutout2dagirlz on twitter that are sexy ^_^
you could pass his phone number over to me. i'm usually pretty tough but twisters scare me :)
please follow me!! :)
hey babies go down my followers list and follow everyone whose following me :) that's all yall #ff from me there ur all fuckin hot
hugs doll!! nice to see you! :)
my dad told me "son, you shoot for the moon. cuz even if u miss, you'll land among the stars" #shootsfired :)
credo. :)
did u decide?? :-)
welcome :)
hi catherine :d -waves-
welcome my new followers!! stay tuned!! efxaristw olous pou mou kanate follow :) meinete syntonismenoi :-****
lol you two are hilarious :)
can you dm me? :)
#ff@iheartnkotb1 #ff@manda_nkay81 thanks for the #ff ladies :)
haha, yes, summer 2011, i want to work with you!!! we'll show you how it's done this summer :) happy easter, chickadee!
filming a video this week. bloooooood on the danceflloooor! hehe. :)
good news in carney land :-) radio stations are adding us! wtts, kcmp, wvmp, wxpn, ktbg, kwmt, wfpk, wnku, wrxp, wrlt, kfog, kfan crazy!!!
good morning :)
yeahh :)
the basics for assignment 2 are done, finalizing it as soon as i reach the dorms where we have a higher internet connection, night all :)
up and stuck in the moment :d
like a christmas turkey lmao and now i'm totally stuffed from dinner :d
thank you very much for the #ff :)
i'm too far behind on buffy s8 to catch up except in gns but i'm a little excited about comics. :)
good news in carney land :-) radio stations are adding us! wtts, kcmp, wvmp, wxpn, ktbg, kwmt, wfpk, wnku, wrxp, wrlt, kfog, kfan crazy!!!
bartender in ashkand or made my manhattan, singular. if it were plural i would be passed out now on the bar. :-)
:d
your very very very very very late work. :)
i'll definetly keep this in mind! :-) tonights beauty tip: baby oil isnt just for legacy. use it as a post-shower moisturizer! :)
cardboard isn't so bad :)
i was last night, im going back again in a hour :d
im married. :o guess with who? :d
thanks girrl :)
is fast asleep. i'm not waking her up. she deserves it. and there's baseball on tv. i don't think we'll be going out tonight. :)
had a wonderful evening on the beach eating bun n' cheese :) #fb
butttt gotta admit my fab cartoon of all was the nkotb!!!!!! lemme here a woo woo!!! :) now that's what i'm talkin bout!
yes sir making my trip to the post office before the end of the week! :) been soooooooo busy!
i like those. i only do like maybe twice a year, but i remember them fondly. :)
you are my sunshine my only sunshine.< u make me happy when skies r gray :)
bawhahahah i love you too :-)
very true :) happy easter btw
hahha your welcome! i hope he does... thanks for the shout out :)
me :)
question. is brad ever other than p12 these days?!? :-)
that wasn't just an abbreviation of "bruce"? huh. news to me too :)
check out my new twitpic ! :)
no problem, we can still understand :) for my followers who speak english, sorry 'cause i dont speak english very well :)
are you back in colorado? you sure do deserve a break :) miss you and
hey thanks! haha r our moms cool?? :d -tay
jdbworldwide: just about to upload them! :) thanx again! :d: jdbworldwide: just ...
april 30th make sure you go see furry vengeance! my new film. is in it also =)
you're welcome and thank you! :) #ff
#imjustsayin, ima listen to dat song now my lips are ready lol lmaooooooooooo #dead =)
got a babysitter yet ? :)
exhibition game! but any baseball game means summertime :-)
hey lady :) following now. ok i'm following you now follow me back
twibbon was a great idea if it actually worked right. sounds like the developers of twibbon have some fixes they need to do. :-)
i did that last saturday...i thought i didn't deserve but realized..yes i do! =)
hahaha course you did :) <3 bahahaha
ty easter blessings 2 u also dear friend :-)
n thanks :) x
vanguard! :) what to do tonight??? club or bar..... :/
true story. i say that verse everyday. ---> :) it is what it is...great minds think alike. :)
i like me today! now i am scared to death!!! :(( // s'ok... you're good for the liking! :)
omg that would be sweet! :)
you must be up in sai kung. have you come across wan king path yet? : )
if you're 10-15 years old :)
everybody should follow now!!! :)
i hope ur having a blast in la me and the rest of australia will always love and support u :)
uuuuuummm, i think she said chi, and the color was something about frost or ice, which doesn't fit my easter thought :)
=) yeah u been gone a min glad to see u back
welcome :)
family in town and leaving tommorrow. don't worry, another hunt will rise again in a couple days :-)
thanks :) who needs cadbury when you have something this sweet 8-p
thank you kiddo xo & be supportive & compassionate. :) xo
my beautiful little sister :)
"following each other"- what depth in those 3 words- so many want to lead, but really, we r designed 2 follow each other :)
radio today. 12pm 2pm with & myself. bang 103.6fm lock in!! :)
hi holly!! you are great!! love you in gnd and saw peepshow too!! you were awesome and beautiful!! your my inspiration! :)
goodmorning :)
who else wants a free shoutout? :)
lol, at least she was honest enough to ask :)
great to see you too; cannot wait for your book to come out! hope to see you again very soon!! :)
that includes you! #shoutout2dagirlz on twitter that are sexy ^_^
#shoutouttotheniggas that are assholes.. racqui aint got nothin but love for y'all. keep it funky :)
sounds good to me! :)
lol! maybe one day, but that day still pretty far away :d
small shopping trip and bestie's bday gift for end of the month is done. plus a little easter candy :)
having a great weekend with the in-laws. home tomorrow to spend time with my folks, sisters, niece and nephew. see you all on tuesday! :)
yay :) you've seen the blog, right?
thank you so much for all the #ff love...you can't see me, but i'm bowing down to all of ya'll =)
president obama signed the wall in the basement of the boston opera house yesterday. above his signature, he wrote 'support the arts!' :d
oh hhah you're tired then. i think you should go to sleep :) we can talk later if you want :)
:) nawrrr, just in bed listening to music :)
hi love, miss ya! ^_^
uploading the first demo generator for our customers to svn. arf, we've been coding more than 12 straight hours =) #hackaton
that's wassup :)
i like those days, count me in next time, i'm good at it, :d
hey , coz your so amazing would you be able to help us reach our goal? we need 20 more followers :d x
thank you, as always :)
cody ur back!! is ur fan mail the same? thanks for the reply :)
happy birthday boooooo ! :) have a good one ! miss you <3
at #polyamory panel at #norwescon. addressing the "won't someone think of the children" argument. :-)
guys first two people to follow/dm get the record. thank you man. super kind deeply appreciate the support :)
at #polyamory panel at #norwescon. addressing the "won't someone think of the children" argument. :-)
wonderful day at the mall>>>...>>>spending! :)
brb washing dishes ^_^
lake huron :)
i love johnny depp. he's my favorite actor :)
