i believe i will. :)
were all trolls, whether u like it or not, u will never be nothing more then a troll. accept it, i did :)
i willl do ittt :)
very pretty, but unfortunately goat cheese isn't vegan, and w/out it you've got cucumbers on bread! thank you, though :)
i'm great...as always! :) hope your vacation has been relaxing...your daughter is ah-dorable!!
which video of mine is your favorite? :)
hehehe, you sound exactly like friends on this side of the screen. i consider myself told aw, & looked after :)
brazil fiesta tonight 217 bowery st (prince/spring -off rivington st, lower east) #diy-4square :-)
thank you! :d
bout to hit 200 friends on the if we arent friends, add me :) 200 sounds cooler than 199...
awww, we didn't do much over here either. it was only about 8 degrees. just went for dinner and a dq blizzard :-)
and tehres nuthing rong with that u deserve it :)
hooray! that's awesome news, thuy :)
oh god #rachpants #rachheight #maddow oh god. :) you just made me so happy.
nite mally okay okay... goodnight ilove u all :-)
everybody retweet this #makeyouloveme video pleasee!! need it number 1 :)
now listen, now listen, listen, (voice) :)
's the beauty of made-up languages! actually it's just phoenetically rendered from english, it's not accurate quenya. =)
okay ... wish u where. we can have a bbm confrence meeting :) hit me when ur ready
thnk u : )
howd i get to 1231? :)
i feel you there. but it's exciting stuff. :)
give me a photograph, to hang on my wall. superstar. :)
follow-------> :-)
what's on this face is what she puts on mine! =)
nothing better to do, so ima go do my hair :)
i'm good thx just a bit bored....hbu? :)
thanks for the advice. i'm following your lists now :d
thank you very much! have a great weekend! :d
we'll check it out :-)
aww you're to cute. :) ...it kinda rhymes.. i see were you're getting at lol ..and you always put a smile on my face. <3
everybody follow :)) thank you :) x
*sigh* :-) :-) #retweetthis if ur in love
it does look good on you! great pic!! :)
thank you, i try :)
omg food coma! lol but no heartburn. i hardly ever get heartburn. soooo full! it was om nom nom. :)
lol, you've gotta have plans and dreams you can give up on them when you're my age!<<never give up! ever! :)
oh haha they are coming to my hometown :) its love & theft, lady a and tim mcgraw!
good luck w/that. btw, you're one block away from mi casa :) just come here for dinner. ummm, just kidding. i'm not cooking.
i think you should become a fan :)
anyone wanna play gts? winner gets mega shoutout and listed 4 times :)
follow me plz ? =)
thank you so much, guys!! :) :) :)
thankyou lady :) look forward to seeing u there! x
we promote living healthy, organic lifestyles & food that supports this you should count & manage calories for weight-loss :)
awesome! :)
yes! about damn time :) #triptohky
thanks for the rts! :)
haha awesome :d i think tomorrow i might be wearing red, so my nails will be glittery red!!!
thanks for the retweet :)
yup! this my 2nd time...imma have more fun this time though! :)
love hearing her version! did you know about this? toni braxton singing your song "save me": :)
#peopleshould know that im proud to be the first about 200 people that followed :) <3
don't do it on purpose say hey from me if u get chance too chat too her :) <3 she's soo amazing... like heather is :p hee xx
honored for the follow... thank you! =)
big hugs for the messages, mentions, and ff- i luvs you spiffy people :) just back lasy night and getting my bearings. be back tonight!
#nowplaying up by :) prolly my favorite song off his cd :)
oh yea i like that =)
is proud of you for taking the steps to live a healthy, organic lifestyle! :)
aww, that's a p-diddy movie. :-) whatcha doin 2nite?
lol thnk hun :-) lets tlk abt somthing cuz it seems no 1 else is here :-)
thanks! i think it's working! hoot ~ hoot! <-- then you can get rid of tweetdeck :)
it varies. i like v-necks, hoodies, dresses, anything really. :)
its at the alberyt dock i think, not quite sure tomtom took us there :)
this song is addicting! :) #lilyallen 'straight to hell'
they could do with little clip on 3d specs for those of us who wear glasses :-)
buy thiiingsss! treat yourself. god knows you deserve stuff :)
i gave you five shoutouts, please give me 5? :)
i cant find any other info on the eq in dr i sent it to fox though : )
you're fuckingest twitty twit-twit twit for twitter? :) (via <-- that'll work too!
nothing says fun and laughter like "happy hour". :-)
no i am just taking a break from the beauty community and focusing on books for awhile :) i needed a change of scenery
i told myself i would never date a marine.. now look at me <--- :)
i sent you that yesterday! imagined sprawl makeup would be like that. keep the zero history hints coming :)
why not go all the way then and put some red tips? :d
wife optimization: how to select your wife the geeky way :-)
if you love twitter :d
the ipad is a game changer. using one now and here is socialcast running awesome :)
good night, mary ellen! :)
awww, you're being sweet to make me feel better but if you lie your tongue will fall out :d
crawfish done, clash of titans next! :)
ayyye beautifullll girrrrls all over the world..........i love this song! got nothing on meeeee babbbby lol :) <bob voice>
im following u now :-)
i would also recommend staying tuned to the website for new accessories as they are released. :) ^jc
good luck!!! :)
yes i'll be there with looking forward to it :)
i literally snapped the pic the moment i walked in the door & them immediately nommed :d
hey you :-)
:) this tweet will for sure impress big boss -> yourshow is hoffthecharts!! oh jeez....
waving back right now bit hard to see you through all the magma :)
hahaaa what up :)
dinner on the water with my babe :) tampa is so beautiful at night!< must b downtown lol
aww i was gonna suggest for you to not cut your off. but that's only cause i know you and i think you've got great hair :-)
i'm not tired lol. i'll just sleep in the car tomorrow :d
showered. huhr worshed. ong bak-ed. cinnamon diet coke & smirnoffed. this is about 15x better with the vodka! thanks :)
lol and now i say good night. :)
thanks for the #ff mentions! have a great weekend =)
thank you so much for #ff s!! always makes me smile :d
just found on zingled! :d come find me too! :d
come on! say something nice to your chilean fans! no ves que te estamos esperando? los ama :d
any of my austin twitter friends going to be there early for an ipad? get me one too will pay u + give autographed book! :) (sick in bed)
happy early birthday! enjoy your time with the little one! :)
right!! lol hella years!!! :)
and a good evening to you, ellen! :) how's it going?
helooo boleh minta follow back gak? :)
isn't it? totally fun! did you write up your academy awards prediction? make sure you come visit us at bit.ly/idolstats :)
if you want to be followed! :)
i go for nightly walks too every night after dinner, but i don't count those cause i've always done them.. keep it up! :)
yuup us :) now that we are talking about that stuff i love your bio ! inspiring ! lol
:)
shout out to my cousin,happy birthday daniel! :d
hahah okay, well i'm not fake, so no worries, :p macy isn't either, so we're all good, :d
if you want to be followed! :)
eire meet twitter? :) irish startup raises $230k using linkedin (by
hi; lily, andrea, hannah and rebecca :)
did you purchase the holosync cd's? interesting... :)
#ff the homie --- been following him for soooo long & still luv the tweets :)
thank you for the #ff :) right back at you -sue
stroll by the lake :)
if you want to be followed! :)
thank you very much! :d
at my tia nora and tio joe house eating crawfish chilling with the garcia's :-) #familyfirst<- i ♥them garciad #crazy lol
yep! miley, and some others :)
i miss the tweets of i hope you and your family are doing well :)
#ff kinda reminds me of but jus a liiiiittle sexier lol : )
just speaking the truth!!! =)
if you want to be followed! :)
sure of urself so u don't mind doin those things. :)
if you want to be followed! :)
great article about good foods that make you feel great! :)
b very, very cooool. couples night? we'll include and hubby. perfect. :-)
i have for all of my followers :)
thank u for #ff :-) [u@ ywvm :o)]
get on my list dirty tonight free entry before 11 and a shot with me :) text me names!! 503-258-7819!!
thank you for the moment by moment presentation updates :-)
he is a legend! :) mr marvel! only here for a limited time on sunday. ^a
follow-> <-now! :)
thank you and yes i did know. btw i can't dm you back. :)
awesome to hear about your success! check out these great foods that help you feel great: :)
our stomachs. we're drooling over blts. :)
i hate people. :)
ah, yes... not irl does make dinner difficult. unless, of course, you bring a laptop, set it across the table, and skype. :-)
he's fantastic! love him in... well, pretty much everything. :d
i wanna female with pussy like a fresh peach, when you eat it the sweet juices just drip from your chin =) mmmmmmmm
i'm sorry sweetie i keep thinking its the 321gameon... what i mean to be saying is i love the design made =)
if you want to be followed! :)
omfg! we have vicks!!! :) i fucking love vicks!
feeling like a voyeur tonight? :) live music at the enchanted florist
if you haven't already...it'd mean so much to me if you could sign this :)
thanks :) just had to make the statement & b/c i say something no i'm not asking for it (so many say that)
yep- which is why i tweeted him. :) thx!
i love it! "fingerling is the new pepperoni!" ....we'll have to see what the new sausage would be :)
:d
and it can be hard when you're short, which i'm sure totally understands!!! :) btw: i need to dm you!
want to watch & assist us w/ dramatic in studio & on location lighting this monday 11:30am-7pm? email us at jody@grayphotograph.com :)
prepare yourself for a weekend of zeus. :)
:)rt #shotout 2 all my aries happy bday guys!! sorry if i missed n e one :d
being a fanboy of a 31 year old coat-tail riding cougar is pretty cool! #hashtag :)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 new followers. i will choose two random people :) it may be you ( must be following! ) <3
hey vanessa, our pleasure. let us know if you need any help in the future. :) ^jc
listen to after hours with me 7p-midnight on y101...i'll have tix :)
i dont love nick i love you. rooooofl jk i love everyone :d
i feel lucky that i get to leave work at 6:00 p.m. on a friday.....today is an early day :) wine time!
goodmorning :)
awww whenever i go to job, she always looks out for me :-) :-*
are you not tired ? :) i'm getting sleepy haha, are you?:).
thank you! :d
damn, nobody remembers 2nd place though! lmao...best behavior ja, don't make that n*gga jack you up down there! :)
who believes that i will be a hit in dc? my girl, believes so. she told me when were having a phone conversation last month. :-)
congrats on kimmie following u, at last she has seen :) xox
going to shleeeeeep, photos tomorrow, deal?! :d there are some pretty good ones of me with a monster leg for a penis :')
hes everyone's angel =) yes....itz
ha, i know! it would at least make easter entertaining :)
hey friend :) how are u?? it's been way too long...
woo go london!! :d
berusaha untuk.. :( eh haiiii...udah bobok? ehem.. kalo draw arsenal akan bersuka :)
replied again :) hehe
i predict sales of thurbers' books are about to go up. :) /i think so!
haha that's what i hear! but either way, i'm coming i'm coming to chicago this summer for sure :)
says good morning. working on servant. :)
thank babes =)
i would be honored if you followed me back and made my twitter life that much more important =) << aha okay
but im sayin'... i know; riighhhhtt?? ahahaha... please give a big hug to the one and tell him to activate.light.body.now. :-)
i wanna chill too :)
why are you closing this acct? i'll follow the other one too. :)
shall i carry on preaching? i like preaching around easter :) l
it did :) and i sent u a comment on there :)
yay! :d hitting the big times!
:d julianne & nice to meet you !!!
who do those two high fiving make me laugh? :-) #maddow
coz it's holy week babe! i checked last week when i was there. happy easter myleneski! :)
new music video to share =) thank you performed live at the stronghold, directed by elad offer
thanks feee!!! :) happy bday boo!!!!
i hear great balls of fire playing :)
ohhh awesome! i have my cupcake book right here too. it has every flavor under the sun. lemme know what you prefer + your email. :)
he doesn't, he deleted it ages ago as told by conor. :)
everythings fine for now... trying to go out tonight :-)
thank you! :d
word :( lol : ) #mydumbass be fukin up a good thing.
i'd totally add you too, and not cuz you're so cute (cuz you are) but cuz i love your blog. dang girl, you can write. :)
