lmao. okay. i can't promise i won't be :)
oh, i know! i know! they thought you were buying it for prom night. yah! :d
:) google gets episodic in fifth acquisition of year (ap) #geek #webtech #news
grey eyes today artwalk starts at 7. come see me :) ((beautiful))
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
home! reflecting on how much i love good company, red wine, mussels, coffee and red wine :-)
kellie pickler is following me :) just thought i'd throw that in there <3
ooh, don't know about that, but he is pretty amazing. :-)
been very swamped, few more weeks of that & pretty soon it's gonna b smooth sailing, wink!! :) great 2 c u!
hi cheers! thanks :)
おぉ、as利用とは さんらしいですねぇ :-) アドレスブック.appでならメールにtwitter入力、asでicon設定かな。メール欄がよごれるけど 課題 自動方法 rt...
yum! :) one of the best parts of being an adult is being able to have cheez-its and red wine for dinner if i want to.
#peopleshould pay me for the free watching and the none talking. if you gonna follow, talk otherwise u are classified as a #legitstalker. :)
lmfao hahah hey sexy :) wassup ? hahah jk
i think both kids are really adorable, but any mom is going to say that! :-) cc:
you know i will :-) but in the meantime how was your day today? great i hope...
ahh thanks lovely :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
currently awaiting to arrive :)
i am so happy to be panda approved! :)
if miley says she deserves an ocsar well dammit she deserves an oscar and its not called being cocky its called being truthful uhm kay :)
#yummy #lovematzoballs but....it should definitely not take two days........ :)
having a great friday! what are you up to? :)
thankyuuuu :)
the sign of the cross on your door :) today! bless your home its passover an angel is passing by :)
showing some love :) <= 4sho i appreciate da love ma
thank you =)
have a beautiful day :)
yay i reached 200 followers!!! hello to my new followers!!! :)
hahahaha lmao lol dam u got me crakin up cuz its so true! =)
punking out cali style :) (@ music hall of williamsburg)
goodnight :d
sarapan roti dgn selai coklat + white coffee :) morning tweeps.. enjoy a peaceful holy saturday
ur welcome! cool! we're getting them followers! our moms will be happy :)
nah, it was my pleasure. :) i wanted to honor some of the new friendships i made, and you couldn't be left out. ;)
i'm coming to visit you next! look out. :)
lol dont matter :p i like em wit color :d color as in not white :p
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
nice :) im going august 31 im so excited
.@guiding_light many thanks for your efforts to spread the shared memories & continued love of #gl yesterday. (via :)
spending time with :)
if i would've had pick me up he would've been on time :d
anyways bitch! i am tired so i am gong bed beside my husband taylor lautner :) goodnight love ya x
you have so many words of wisdom :d lmfaooo.
can u give me a shoutout please? :)
smokin a jack for you ! =)
everything comes naturally, it comes naturally bay-bay-baby :)
my computer! interns coming soon :)
monaa! :) me too :/ how r yoou?
hi im alice ! :) whats your name?
ha! well said... and ditto =)
followed :)
bits of bacon are like the fairy dust of the food community. bippity boppity bacon :) have fun at the show.
about to get a spa mani & pedi from 2 of my favorite nail people. :-)
playing in the car :) it's only right....
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 new followers. i will choose two random people :) it may be you ( must be following! ) <3
just got off the phone w/ rcn, same story. plz send me upd8s as i'd be asleep then :)
so did i. lol! would be very cool if he wins! :d rated 100
bahaha! this looks so real! we have a new employee at my work! :)
u always run that risk if u go on chat roulette my friend... :)
right back at 'cha. :)
sweet, i'm gonna get a pic with you you guys can come meet me, take pics&get dvds all day sat &sun! :)
we're :( too! man i just checked and we don't get oxygen! :( a lobby may be in order! could tori help? :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
:-)
ohhh lol! im so excited to see you tomorrow! =)
hehehe :) have fun my dear!
follow mw papi...i'm already following u :)
haven't gone in a long time. but now that my financial issues are more or less over i can afford to go once in awhile :)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 new followers. i will choose two random people :) it may be you ( must be following! ) <3
oh honey time to move ovr to droid. i'm verizon too & storm, really? :) moved from bb-->droid. luv it.
hahha nope!! i don't think is going to be happy with that :d he's going to stay right here with me :d in the usa :p
there's this guy at the hospital that looks exactly like haha :)
enjoying a root beer float as the end of my #13bedar holiday :) this was definitely a very good friday! :) wonderful spending time outdoors
thanks twins! have a safe and great trip to la! :d
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
any audio guys/gals out there who can dub an intro into an audio real fast for me? like by 12noon est tomorrow?? :)
we're :( too! man i just checked and we don't get oxygen! :( a lobby may be in order! could tori help? :)
what time should i arrive for easter dinner? sounds awesome! :)
going out to okelley's in mesa tonight... nothing like 80's rock music to wake up the soul :)
the art institute of new york city.<--dope i went to the new england institute of art. :)
ok time to start the day. one week left to melb and brissy shows :d mega excited! whos coming?
#ff --- super cool dude, great tweets :)
excellent!! :)
thank you for that #ff :-)
will post hispeed footy in a bit, got some friday nite biz to take care of :-) stay tuned to my twitter feed.
can't ask for more than that. people really seem to be enjoying them. :)
i went to buy manifold album today but it was out of stock d: next time!! :d in my head, 오직 너만 가득해<3
i have a degree and decorum. just tell you friends for me :)
hey guys nice seeing you- if only for a few seconds... pleasure as always :) meet soon :)
hopefully, sleeping in...haha! :-)
thank you!, that's very much appreciated :)
helllll yeah! casion on warren street :d for the secret mans only. next to the kfc as well for double finger licking win ;)
i always secretly wanted spaceship earth to break down at the very top so i could climb down all those stairs #confessfriday :)
i'm blushing :)
ure pretty really gorgeous :)
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 new followers. i will choose two random people :) it may be you ( must be following! ) <3
lol whatcha know about my fav. song :) "she got that m.a.c on her lips when she doin it to me!"
will do. :)
thank you!!!!! :)
thank you your kind words. i hope to taste your cooking one day and even cook together. :) #ff
lol "party like a rock star". sam bass was never so well known as he was after that. :) lol
i want my free ipad #websdotcom :)
getting my baby started with sonatas :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
#ff one of the bestest on my tl --- love our convos n her tweets r the truth :)
jumping thru spots 2nite like #yyyeeaaahhhh :)
..::2nyce::..
..ima hit u up.. i gotta see what time i'm gettin off tonight! :)
yeah,don't worry about it! honestly :)
oh yes. the key is taking slow. ;) you're doing great so far! should we keep going or stay here? :)
don't give a shit if anna paquin is bisexual...unless she's headed over to our house with a bag of toys and a :-) on her face
retweet : if you want me to get you 25 new followers. i will choose two random people :) it may be you ( must be following! ) <3
these are the days that i am terribly jealous of you and where you work :)
all smiles . . . gotta remove the negative . . . the best way i know how . . . :)
new deqrassi : ) n aim xkusemagie feel free to write me>>im watchiin it..and illl hit yu up iif yu dnt mind
i've been at a volleyball tourney all day... finally leaving... :)
i dont care what says. and you cant keep him lock in a cage ivory :d me & justin are gonna rule the worrrllldd!
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
ooo u was in cardiff :o i was as well but neva saw her cause she was wid her dad n didn't come back!! :( try again :) sure she.
goin to mixtape private party on the roof of buffalo billards then goin to hotbodies for the xxx party =)
:d
sweet! welcome home. :) i'ma call you next week to chat about some tourney options... you rock...
aww i hear in the cars credits :d
omg dont you just love porn :)
let's keep that #hcr going :) why should we as us peeps not have medical care for all, not some of us?
<3 lmfao. i know. thanks. :d it looks like nick doesn't come on often, but we talk in dms almost everyday. x]
can u please followww :) thanks
finally, acheived this chipotle date with the hubby. this guacamole just changed my life. now, i get to see :)
my mom and my bff's mom justin started a fan twitter for >> <<can u give them a shoutout? :d
nice handwritting :)
thanks for the #ff mentions & rts :)
:) holla babe
neat! go for it! i love it when you write things. :)
clash of da titans was a must see! wid was da bomb go see dat shit asap! academy awards r comin 4 dat 1 :)
<3 you :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
at the pistons game with my girls... i shoulda gave these tix to and the boys! pistons suck! :-)
who cares! your other followers appreciate it. keep tweeting, mort! good stuff today! we love instant news and opinions! :-)
is looking forward to a very deep sleep tonight. :)
hey sean! hope you and your family have a very happy easter if you celebrate the holiday! :) xoxo
ooo i knew that :d hehehe.... leme stop that lil "via" threw me the fuck off lmao
:)
i sent you the e-mail. :) x
wootwoooot :) and you can buy me some to say thank you for the company ;) aaah i know me too :(
thank you :)
eh. ya salió el volumen 2 de she & him. :)
pre-welcome to america's finest city. :) it's a little chilly right now so pack a sweater.
lol! random or what?! good to hear that! i'm ok thanks... :) jus checkin out msn which is deaaaaad! lool!
i seem to notice the tweets about drinking. hmm.. perhaps i've got a problem or sound observation skills. :)
rt: got dirt? become a fan of happy soap :) #etsy<-best soap...ever!
we are getting our sleep number bed set up right now. can't wait to try it out tonight. i get to pick my own setting! how cool :-)
happy friday/saturday everyone! looks like we won't be having an easter picnic here in not so sunny northern california! come on sun-day! :d
it is. :) it came from target, of course!
lmao! love the way you got straight to the point there! :) haha, hmmm, let's see i used to have a thing for keira knightly, but
just about to upload them! :) thanx again! :d
at work still & listenin to ladies nite w/@ninacruz927 :) i ♥ these ladies!! woooooo
i wanna audition vs. he hasn't played for years. :] w/o you playing the bass?! sacrilege! would never happen. :)
hahah it's not all that amazing don't worry :)
oi you're the hubby, don't get it twisted, i is the wife, it's a date :)
i mean look doesn't look like an angel in white even the sky is agreeing with him =)
mmm that sounds good right now. :)
new icon!!! thxx to :d
i was 2 lol um 20 years ago today, i was 8 and probably not watching the ncaa tournament. :)
:) what's up?
lol so i got bored. i wrote "oreo" on my tounge. cuz i was bored and thinking of :) haha
so what kinda trouble did you guys and gals get into while i was gone? :d (and did you miss me??) lol
are you not tired ? :)
is it? oh good!! it looks good. :)
hey it's dev, i switched accounts, follow? :)
hazmat is the name of the guy who runs the earth kitchen down the road. why would they call him? :)
almost :) but far enough to, you know, live... lol
takn a break to allow my eyes to stop burnn. we'll return later. muah to all my tweeps. =)
cried so hard at the last song :)
ooh! drunk tweeting!??! use protection! :) hehee // lol always!
oh yes! i think that's a great name! eeeeeeeeeee! brilliant! are you buzzing? :)
so im going to the footy :) carn the dees! :)
reposando :-)
that's funny we'll both be in connecticut. :)
yessiree :)
i am coming to see you, not the apartment =) i am not worried about that =)
well, they're not whole they kind of deepen the chocolate taste. actually disappear better than the applesauce. :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
pretty cool to see what's possible with social media + non-profits + the right people + a lot of fun. :)
#ff very sweet! :) happy 3aster weekend :)
okay okay... goodnight ilove u all :-)
wooooo weeeee :) thank u everyone for all that ff love :) muah you all rock my world!!!!
whatever! it was a genuinely scary moment! not as scary as my mom asking for a head-on collision though! :)
orto the good old days :)
ayeeee just found my shawty on zingled :) follow her
nooooooo! the #wickedsantawitch! :)
hi torica, i just wanted to check in to wish you a good and safe weekend boo! : ) tlc xoxoxo
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
chillin at home on a friday night!!! love it :)
#ff he the twitter prez he is the vp. thx #secofstate =)
#ff the homie :) (follows back)
:) thanks!!!! bout time you're feeling better!!!!!!!!
awesome friends, appreciate your mention : )
going to see the last song tonight for the 4th time : ) lol. than going again on sunday, and than tuesday! yes i love that movie no joke.
thanks so much, enjoy easter... :)
follow -----> <----- she's so cool and nice and she's tryna get 250! go go go :)
