at 1:50pm it was a great movie! :)
lmao fucku! =) but currently, i can say. im two yrs older cus your 17 and im 19 so powpowpowpowpow!!!!!!
yes :) would u like to dm me your name ?
you're welcomed brit, hope you are well. :-) #ff
bahahahahhahahaa!!!! thanks : )
heii guy can u plzz go follow please :)
s/o 2 ====> /// hi :)
dreams of a beautiful pink commuter bag just came true :) heart mamma visits.
oh..thats cool! :) how old are you again?
going places mag features some of the best eats in malaysia including grandmama's :)
home depot!! kidding... in the mood for being silly. been so serious lately :) good friday to you...
i see amy leigh andrews in april's playboy. where is amy dewitt?! :)
beeem i vc? :d
yaay i just make it!! :) do you like it! pictures from ! :d
yeah, sorry :) ^jm
i just burped real loud... :)
check out the poster of season 9 of the piayon show preview video will be out later today :)
you are always welcome :-)
brianna is playing fallout 3, bleh, that means tunes for me :)
ahh thank you so much :)
goodmorning philippines! goodmorning world! :d told yah will be back by sat. :) will watch babe, i love you in a little while with my mom :)
nah. i sorta knew your age-ish cuz of talk of your grandbaby, but i totally had u blonde in my mind =)
they look cute on me :)
#shoutout to all the beauiful women in the #dmv! y'all make a fellow sista sooo proud :) can i point some out?
thank you for the follow friday love :)
oooh pretty!!!!! :d i have 2 light pinks, 2 hot pinks, red, black, 3 purples, 3 blues, peach, cream, white, off-white, etc :p
7,000 by tomorrow ..shout out to all my new followers ^_^
fyi, your baking is so sweet...but not as sweet as you. :)
ya know it's been rather chilly here lately. chilly by socal standards though. :)
thx4rt/mention! peeps 2ff #awesometeam :-)
thanks for unfollowing.. unfollowing you too :)
you in tampa dear? hugs :)
not pride just confident in how the lord has blessed me! if you were fly you'd be too! :)
lol i followed already and u i don't think u can follow a person twice =)
thanks for your comment! it's my fave from the album too. :)
something that deserves a "hell yes!" just happened : ) it's been a good friday.
thanx :) she's been a fan since 2 yrs old :). i swear she memorized summertime from watching the video...she knows all their songs:)
good friday... #putgodfirst :)
when you watch the same disney movies more than 2 times. #isadisneything lol! just trying to trend something. help? :)
thank you! :)
this is kinda bored , i need a twitter break :) be back later...
you know he'll go somewhere else and put up 30 goals :)
q:bite my nipple? :) a:ur my 100th formspring thingy jig(;
everyone follow he became my 200th follower!!!!!!!!!!! :)
i'm sure that would be good times! :)
thank you for the nice #ff love. my own family doesn't let me out much either. :-)
well thank u so much 4 the love and support. =)
:) i attribute my success to this: i never gave or took an excuse. florence nightingale
it's my 2 pretty girls. :) & :)
i can't really complain about them since they gave me an upgrade once & also gave me beacon tix last year :)
aaaah, eu to vendo high school musical no dc :b hsauhsuhaus é legal poxa.. u.u #revivendoainfancia :)
: ) yes. and i have yours the same!!
if you want to be followed! :)
one of my good friends on here stefanie!! folllow her now :)
thank you for the follow friday love :)
no problem sis u also have blessed easter weekend  thanks for the mention. have a blessed easter weekend with your boys =)
haha sounds good :)
please follow me =)
hahaha old gina is back!! :)
of course i already told him he said once the funeral expenses clear out it should be smooth sailing :) then i shall come
tonight's beauty tip: baby oil is not just for legacy. use it as a post-shower moisturizer! :)
hey man yep are you making it to the mainland for it? :)
i recommend for chirp list i'm registered :-)
thank you for :d much appreciated!
so yea i'm getting off now... talk 2 me on :) and follow! <333
can you please followww :) thanks
i know, i managed to get twitter working on my phone now so expect lots of hannah-kate spam :)
im waitingggg!!!<3 im comin for you 20 hours on a flight just for you :) teehehehe
taking steps is a good thing! things are pretty good up here. :)
went to click on that last tweeted link does not work, please retweet :)
goodnight guyssssssssssss. ciao! <3 <3 :-) , x
helloooo! :) happy anniversary! :d
thanks so much lori :) hope you're having a great weekend!
thanks luv :)
no problem hun! ^_^
hi new followers... i'm an asshole =) < a sexy asshole if that's possible 0_o << lol. very possible, thx!
what??!! :)
just fanned ya at facebook :) #perfectharmony
#ff <-- one of the best laker fans on the planet! awesome person too :)
who needs an ipad when you have two laptops? awww how adorable :)
ohmygosh! im at 600 and is at 500!!! :) this is so amazing! my heart was beating so fast! thank you!
is the famous singer and music composer in thailand krub...~ she has a face like an angel!!! :-)
it's at la peña on shattuck ... starts at 9 :) come through!!!
anything that's not.bieber....dies! :)
yourr welcomee :) x x
great weekend to you too dana. :-)
:) good
i'm just back from my cousin's house :) but now my arm hurts me so much
this is my favorite :)
:)
that's a classic, but i do like elvis' version better! :)
:d :d
lol.. i love u to courtney! :) i ♡ you rashee ;) lol
thanks :-)
i like this one the best or maybe you are just charming :)
i know! i want intense, chalene style. i just loooove her workouts & teaching style. :) it suits me. :)
very funny, herbivore :)
"food revolution" on abc now :)
im already following both :)
i am most certainly down, but why no alcohol?! :)
you like jamie oliver :) i love that guy and everything he does. i also love to cook and see more and more bh who like jamie
you have mail sweets =) the last rep i was waiting on me just got in touch. the people of atlanta rock!!!
#ff #followfriday <-- thanks :d happy easter to y'all
you can see my word count on my site :)
guess where we went! :)
lol yeah sure! ill dm him now and when he's online :)
#ff (cool femalez) «-- thanks hun :-)
no worries :)
it's all good. :-)
8 miler?! u can do it!! gotta full in 3 weeks, gotta get in at least one 20 miler :)
how's it's going? on spring break yet? :)
your welcome & thanks :)
tgl 5 syg.. :)
i just realized i'm in the middle of reading 5+ books, including one on how to manage add :)
thanks love! i'll gotcha tomorrow :)
i know we dont really talk any more, but i hope i helped. :)
6music late-night presenters play long tracks. they must have time to chill in the restaurant and pig out on cappuccinos :d (not allowed)
-- i was featured on a radio interview with brooke scher and host alex! =)
i called in and ask most question even got shoutout &
i am now! :)
#nowplaying when i look at you-miley cyrus :)
hellloooo....hows your night? :)
we will have one for each of the remaining shuttle launches; no worries :)
phone with connor... be back later :)
that is huge!!! :)
do. it. ----> :d
hahah of course... and its okay, it got my attention :) hahah
oh thanks! :d i love mark ryden , and that's a great video.
cool! im working on some v1 pics at the moment! :)
i have 3 boys and a husband, my ick threshold is high!!! a plus :) i have a low "ick" threshold.. it's a weakness
follow .. shes a lil behind on this twitter thing.. but she sure is bad :)
oh yeah i am :) its just really slow loading.
*raises hand slow doesnt want to be the only one* omg dont you just love porn :)
ive never felt more happy and beautiful. :) and all it took was a swing set. :)
haha, who says i'm not picking 1 up before? i let #lis48801 out after their exam so want to offer same surprise to #lis48820 :)
of couse, the caps can probably do with resting a little before before the playoffs. :)
have fun!! let me know if u actually get one!! u have to make a vid documentary on it. i wanna seeee it!!! :d #ipadfan
i just changed the name of my blackberrys name to alejandro. :d i feel like a true little monster~
airfare...yes i did :)
thanks for following love :)
hey hansee, yup, #funpawty tonight til the last anipal goes home and #atpawty from 4-7pm edt :)
its actually starting to feel like miami again. :)
:) shes everything. i have to go now, have a good night x
can you please follow me? :)
we definitely like it here :) it was good to meet you.
awesome! i think i ought to get a design job for some stable income. i've been spending time just reading mainly :d
ty and happy easter to you too :) #ff
i need u to txt me...plz lol :)
follow me plz i lovee thee rangersss =)
downloading #ipad apps before i head out to dinner... what app are you most excited about? :d
thanks for going to the train wreck today :)
so whats you guys favorite song from my world 2.0 tell me i wanna know lol :) i'll if you respond!
#ff he's cute :)
still flying hi from the love i got #idomusic. shouts to (...)the even more beautiful <thanks eric! :)
yay! thanks for catching me up! =)
yeah that's why he always goes with me evrywhere :)
try it, with 1 space only between the 2 words :)
hey babe :d
nice! good thing you didn't ask me i would have pushed grados :)
i miss the tweets of i hope you and your family are doing well :)
please sign it'd mean so much to me :)
lets talk then! :) lmao its soo dead :(
öhh thx a lot :) same 2 u
your welcome what's up? :d
:) i'm beginning to think you're addicted to me.
those look delicious, but that's way too much work for me! i like simple, fast, easy... :d
and its sooooo good too! i really love android phones :)
i sent you somethin' to look at :)
me too! even virtual hugs can help you feel better. =)
your very welcome lol :)
yes i'll call gary england and tell him. know who that is? our tornado weatherman who was seen on movie twister :)
just finished decorating my room with bamboo wall stickers! now it looks like bamboo grows out of my bed :d haha!
gerreddiiiiii hiii babes..how u been...when's the nxt shoot..i'm ready dammit : )
we do have someone here who's not drankin :)
thank you! that's better than 1000 stars. =)
french clubs usually close between 4am and 6am. and the party doesn't really start before 1am :d
#notfunny >> save the #polarbearssss!!!!... they dying lol <<< #ilike polar bears!!!!! :-)
so cute!!! selena looks gorgeous xd really good :)
off work! :) glad its the weekend!
no worries.. wanted to make sure :) i didnt want u to have sent it and me not get it.. :-)
in the city .. movies at 12:35am :)
#shoutout2dagirlz on twitter that are sexy ^_^
cool, than we'll go 'aaaaaahhh' :-) // heheh!
a little bit in love with you :)
why resist? :)
btw, you're good at singing! :d xxx
:)
attentionnn :) everybody please go follow my dude hes a good friend and needs followers :) get to it please! for me!
hes on stage at this precise moment ^_^ xo
and i'm going to cali next in two days :)
nawrrr, just in bed listening to music :)
hi there curt! so far so good on the teen driver, all fenders in tact :d still haven't got her out to run my errands tho lol
:) morniiiing :) good morneeeeng!!!
lmao *wipes forehead* thank god i'm safe from that. i ♥ being alone honestly buh i feel you :( snug a teddybear :d
sorry i've not done my usual follows but have finally been caught by the dreaded plague so it's back to bed, will do a #followsaturday :)
niggger :)
hold that thought... shower flow :)
good luck chica :d
wat were u guys talking bout? wont miss the next ustream! :d
good show: that was very gracious of you all :)
christian preschools close on religious holidays. go figure. :-)
