thanks for #ff :)
haha you know she's a beer monster lol
had a great night but fucking soaked :-(
got a pizza! yay!!!! :-)
thanks bb! :)
hey sweet ori :)
think i should call it a night fairly soon and get some kip! be fair you've had non-stop tweeting from me for hours!!! :d
happy birthday pattie!!! have the best birthday ever!!! love ya <3 :d #13
important : went over her tweet limit. so dm her if u wanna talk to her =)
#followfriday for sage advice, follow him... :) thank you for listening.
big news on today! so now you all know why i met with the ceo of lj and what my new job is. :)
sorry u can't make it to your show tonight but you have brightened up my day with this one! :)
never felt what i feel when i'm there :) i think has a fascination (read: (cont)
i'll keep my fingers crossed :)
i meant shit!!!! and i hope you trip :) love ya
#followfriday so nice to see you! i'm doing good, how about you? are you enjoying the nice weather? :)
good morning tweeples, its a beautiful saturday morning :)
haha that's good to know :) at least i'm not alone!
thank you all for calling in, you're amazing! can't do this without you :)
thanks for #ff :)
is there really no barnes & noble near you? i'm getting mine tomorrow and i'll send you one if you like :)
i figure if i find 2 that really flatter (& at a good deal!) i should prob buy since i'm so picky. :)
i note you're down on twitter as working on 'series' 4 should this not read 'version' ? :) also more geek subtitles on dvds!
good tweeple imho :) thanks for #ff recommendation; following from your list
heyheyheeeey. tweet me please. im seeing you tomorrow eeeeee :d x
welcome :) so what kind of food do you want ? lol
i want to do a feature on your work with since its autism month 4 my humanitarain blog! follow so i can dm !! :)
heey guys! again :d haha i finished my book :d:d so happy!! : )
no, real name! :-) the one you dmed me. :) i wish it was on april 22nd. that would be an excellent bday present. :-)
remember me was really good :)
thanks for the tweet leo! :d thanks again for everything you've done for me and throwboy. you da man!
lol i just hope there's alot more songs and dancing like they said :)
me :d
hello :)
chillin whats up =)
that was a good friday :)
i guess he saw beyonce :d
thankyou ian :) i can't wait for everyone to hear it! that of course is the next step lol x
in honor of ur return to the back rub u should play this :)
made my day laura :)
im your favorite looney though :d i want some cookies&cream icecream :/
good morning saturday! :)
telephone is on kiss now, obsessed? get over it :)
he actually says "boot" a term for a rookie :)
shoutouts to everyone who cares? i think so :)
#ff #follow this beautiful girl she funny and weird af i love her tho :d
listening to kiss&tell on repeat :) goingg asleep now, night gorgeouss peoplesss xx
np :)
the appropriate team will process the ticket as quickly as possible in the order received. :)
can't wait :)
wooo! den is ready for u!! :) sf-dc-nj den,co jimmymarsh!!!!!
follow back? :)
oh yes we do! #ff #slgt looking forward to meeting you too come on by sometime, we've got lots to catch up on :)
long day at work, finished 3 :) now watching some glory, never seen it.
i'm ready :-) about me and drinking dr. pepper. come on girl!
imma cancer! i was showin luv to all my aries followers tho! happy belated!!! :) i woulda hitchu but i didn't know...
sends a hearty face lick your way :)
im answering and listing and following as many people as i cannnn so just be patient :)
please nominate bbleaks 4 wirefly's 2010 best bb blog award just post r name/url in comments! plz :)
i got a couple new library books, if you want to borrow one. or you can cook me dinner. i'm pretty hungry. :-)
yes! totally love that :)
yeah im doing that good :) lol and yourself?
and just to be clear, having kids doesn't cause output errors, giving kids input causes output errors. :d
boy, this day just flew on by :)
~goodnight~
new followers: no stalking, say hi, i will always ya back :) if ur on private i may not get ur tweet. ps i have follow watch, i will fire
in that picture, justin was juggling :) he threw the balls into the crowd and i caught it, but dropped it and someone else took it :/
hah! ok i'll keep that in mind :)
she's pretty and u r too u have ur own unique beauty aswell :)
you just ate chicken with anyways! next time :) i go to chipotle like everyday
shout out to you sweet ms bella! :)
people are going to start to think i work for coca-cola. i don't, i just like its name. we're like, related. :d
teeheee -- good one!! :) so are you getting an ipad?! cc {{{ lol gr8 idea!
follow me back ? please :d
let it fly if it dont apply =)
have an awesome weekend, enjoy :)
yeh it looks great!! :) hi valerie! you're welcome! finally put a good pic of me :) you like?
#ff love & they are the funniest guys i knw on twitter , follow them if u wanna stay laughin :d .
thanks for the #ff love! you guys are the best :)
appreciate all the #ff's though ! :d
k gtg. gonna go to school. bye everyone ♥ wish me luck :) ttyl k
welcome 2 you ulla's dad ;-) an #ff to my dad who has a 50/50% chance of being addicted to :-)
does that mean you didn't think that harry smith's interview of the potus was not 'hard-hitting' enough ... :-) #hhrs
im answering and listing as many people as i cannnn so just be patient :)
may providence help you to overcome. wishing you and your loved one the best. // thanks so much will. : )
what? how cool!!! but no fl? soon right? :) maybe for the cruise ;)
everyone follow my buddy if she gets 7k tonight she will follow anyone who wants her to! she's awesome :)
looool okay. good to know :)
hmm i guess i can do my #ff now :-)
:d
i 2nd that notion!! =) can't wait!
nope . i said so in the blog even though i also said nice things. and im not a witch ... :)
heading home :) (@ 101 fwy)
not only would i vote for you.. i'd actually watch the show if you were on it. and i hate reality tv so that's saying something :)
watching 'the princess and the frog' #cute :)
#ff cause she's got the midas touch :)
i don't know whether to feel disgusted or to start waiting in line :)
okay, snaptu is a.w.e.s.o.m.e! must thank for telling me about it. makes even my silly nokia 7210 look all cool. :d
thank you all for calling in, you're amazing! can't do this without you :)
don't you just love people with no knowledge and big agendas? :)
lol nahhh. they already think that bestieee. i had nuthin to do with that .haha it was a joke tho :)
i am now a official mac owner. i joined the club :)
huge follow friday to someone who never fails to mention us in theirs :) --
me and usta hella fight and shit when we was younger :) we'd sit on opposite ends of stairs then make up lmfao ilh
group hug! happy friday! :)
also thanks a lot now i have to listen to the knife :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(

:)
followed you! :)
okay off to bk :)
maybe they'll sneak in a cameo or two, be awesome :)
...and congratulations on your pilot's license :) the last 25% of pregnancy
shadow . its all fun and games. i dont control feelings, so if your feelings get hurt, then oh well =) i'll live lol
shit sorry, been busy. got a couple good ones for you! get them to you this weekend for sure :)
:) ily moreee =p
it has to change, its vain :)
#ff these are champs :) calming2341
that sounds very geek-painful! :)
wouldn't you just love it if they could tell you? :)
thank you for the info!! i really appreciate that!!! i just wrote her about it! :) thanks renee!
how has your week been? you fabulous lady!!!!! :d
good and you? i'm from texas and you? :)
its up to yah. =) do u want <3
lovelyheads! i'm 5 hours behind you chums, so i'm that one. not the other seven :) either way it's terrifying x
yeah it's this crazy forum... they made up a profile & stuff for me. weirddd. i reported them. :d
looking for help from belleve peeps, anyone have a yearbook i can borrow from bellevue high 1979? i'd return it of course. thx :-)
doing well thanks! yes, i know, things have been busy, but hope to be back on track soon :)
love to you too, joyce! always appreciate your wonderful posts. have a beautiful and blessed easter weekend! :)
heyy(: follow back? :d
you got it bro! :) meant every word of it.
thanks :) #ff because she speaks her mind and tells it how it is plus she is hella cute
it was a great friday! that was a good friday :)
thanks -- no, none at all. not even worth mentioning ^_^
leo tweeted you dude! :d
the puppies are so cute!!! :d names yet? are guys going to keep them?
ask ask ask ask :d
hey heyyyyyy :) #ff come follower her:)
i love black & white cookies :) yummers !
low low prices! :-)
yes why??? :) are u here???
anything really, but 700 now :) and we're helping somebody with their goal when we get theree :d -tay
yayyyy! hair is super shiny, straight and healthy! brazilian blow out is the best thing ever invented for hair! off to whole foods now. :)
all of them do :) lol.
nighty night all :d thanks for all the following and welcome to all new followers :d
dr john is going to be my next trip to the cinema looks really good in the trailer, so poetic ! :)
going to bed now :) ttyt
what? its really good! :d
#ff : )
haha :) but i love her music lol
good goood :) im sure they are quite randomley awesomely cool, aha night night sweet dreams loveeeeyou x
follow me backk? :)
i need a new text buddy =/ who wants to be just that =) hmu
mint! i'm a pirate again/still :)
woohoo! 500 followers ....thanks :)
i'm feeling the burn after going up and down a ladder a million times today :d those gutters are clean as a whistle! whoosh goes the water
happy birthday pattie!!! have the best birthday ever!!! love ya <3 :d #17
hey that's an idea. people are always surprised when they see how everything really works .. right down to the teleprompter :) dc
really i love paramore :)
hey ness. i'm home now. :) how was your day? did you manage to rest a lot?
#ff dude :-)
its fate telling you you're shit :) i still think you're awesome though
i usually don't go to music mondays because of the whole staying up late thing, but i just might for this one :)
good. i won't be wasting my money then. :)
of course mcpimpinn :)
heading to morocco for a week. i'll try to bring back some sunshine :)
had such a great rehearsal with my group :) love my new dancers, my babie niito & miss parka :) mwahaha
omgeee i wanna see the lastsong !! might go tonight n take the little sisters :)
it is raininginging :) love it
going to watch our new bff in 'another cinderella story' <3 thankyou for today :) xo
caribbean women make me =)
happy birthday pattie!!! have the best birthday ever!!! love ya <3 :d #16
missed youu :)
shoutout for shoutout anyone? :)
apparently oprah ... she's the voice over person. :-)
so tired of organizing email addresses. pout. but the good new is once it's done it's done forever!!! :)
how are you ?
i missed you :)
yes, i cannot for the life of me play a guitar. i'm practically allergic! lol, thankyou :) you will you will xx
okay, if you're still online, tell me if you want :)
hey guys!! check out my new video!! :p it's pretty random and goofy lol but hopefully you like it! hehe :d
http://bit.ly/9qs2nr
nothing... sitting on a chair with my blackberry curve 8330 :)
depends on who is fighting & if its a title fight. =)
hello again twitter ! :)
lmfao. hahah
<3 nothing! trying to
get 2,700. hbu? :d
ack!!! it is! totally unrelated though i saw a cute big dog puppy today :) a bernese mountain dog
hi rebecca, how are you? :)
thats if you meant my girls, as far as humans like 10+ people :d
thats it? :) hello twitterverse! i am here.
a chair a bed n toothbrush lmfao idk now put me in #souljaboyschool :)
happy easter peeps ! :)
sent it :)
oh! lol thats me :)
no prob :)
i want to do a feature on your work with since its autism month 4 my humanitarain blog! follow so i can dm !! :)
<333333 haha. looks like i made a new twiend :) -tay
we are at smokey bones and tina just ordered a salad for dinner,... with a side of french fries. :) that's my girl!
hi there i'm ur 80th follower smile pretty please follow back :)
:) #ff ever polite and receptive naija chic rocking it out there in nyc....nothing do you,a ye o le.
yoyooyo!!! spring boat ride la mega@ da temptress sun april 18th adv tkts 25$ *18l 21m* gametightny.com :)
hey jenna! renee told me you're selling a car. mine just died, and i need one quick! can you give me details? thanks! :)
i already knw i'm gon hav to call.....jus doin a lot of runnin...jus stay cool :)
twitter's very good at removing spam followers nowadays. they disappear as almost as soon as they appear :)
sushi and chocolate :) what's your favourite food?
that would be me someone happy to be tied up by a rope top :)
riteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee im goinng noww nightttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt :)
ab is driving miss miller. funniest drive ever! i'm sitting behind him with no one in passenger seat :)
