awww :) i can't wait til i have mines
aww thanks. it's a really fresh one..great for men or women. thanks for the follow :)
wow u r dumb :p hahaha jk jk :d
welcome :)
nope! esp when it comes to buffoonery...that's my gal :)
had a great day wit :) o yea..y'all had a good day?
:) thanks!!!!! i honestly don't know what i'm going to do. i spent rent money for my play in london & now i'm broke! adventure!!!
you're so right! :-)
a pre-season declaration .. go sfgiants!! and ny mets and chicago cubs. luv em all! :) baseball been very very good to me
tweet me : if you would like me to follow you! :)
*cyberhugs* you can do it. =)
i'm ready* (a.keys voice) ;) hey mama. might have a project for us to work on soon. :)
thanks for the #ff mention :-)
it was awesome to run into you today! we should do that more often :)
your welcome sweetness.. you are so sweet, can't help but include you... :)
maybe next time soon then..gotta buy you a beer before we probably become arch-enemies in a few weeks :)
going through my brothers friends facebook photos.. shes totally ugly.. i really hope they are not dating. i don't really like her :)
escreve meu nome a mostra =) (@yeah_clothing live on
i guess that confirms my belief he's a very smart man :)
probably not, she just text me and doesnt care to go now. i am still in the poker tourney :)
do you have a dishwasher? :)
if you're 16 and older :)
thx for the #ff! :) have a great weekend!---------you too
yw :)
nothing worth accomplishing was never easy :)
headed out to dinner :-)
lovely :)
27 :) #perfectharmony
hoje estou investindo heim :d hahaha (@ineedcolor live on
ty very much very nice 2 meet u! :-)
thanx you too :) dont forget to watch forever more this satruday!
lol  kick bricks! :) but dat would hurt lol
thanks for the #ff mention :-)
woke up 6 this mornin wit a hangover/cottonmouth and my simply orange juice was perfectly slushed 4 me...it tasted soooooooooo good :-)
they love to claim my sources aren't credible. this time i hit em with an article from world socialist web :) #tcot #ocra #p2
whesooooo!!! :) ////@purocowboys5 aki te esta esperando chikititoooo! :d /via
what's good friday??? :)
thank you for the ff :)
whats 'kut'? msn! :)
wow! that sucks :( well just know i'm always here for you if you need to rant or anything x aww thanks for the hugs :d
if you're 16 and older :)
omg thanks for listing us you guys <3 you are the best :d
can't wait to teach funkanometry sf company class this sunday 4/4! after your easter plans you should come through! haha gonna be ghetto! =)
sorry for late reply...my name is alyssa :) where are you from?
followed :)
well hurry! i'll grab you a ticket :)
i'm good thanks twitter :)
they are gooddddd, but i just want to go to bed. :)
#followfriday changed his armor, but still is one of the coolest & hardest working twitter users out there! :)
i relive my high school glory years on the weekends playing a real sport baseball! :-)
oh and i'm still a nerd. embracing it now :-)
i hate pink, so why should i put it on my nails? blue, green, silver, funky-odd colors are mine. :)
ur welcome..glad i can help :d
thanks! #ff :) (cont)
... or something ... ya know it's true :-)
shoutouts? :)
^_^ whoo yeah #smallville
that's simultaneously hilarious and terrifying :)
why did u changed ur username?please answer just wan to know :) please..
awwwww!! good job baby daddy.. i'm smiling. father, son bonding! :)
you are so kind! how about that de day today!!! even warmer tomorrow :) ty
i don't have a ticket....i should be done with meeting by then though...if you have one or two floating around :)
thx4rt/mention! peeps 2ff #awesometeam :-)
you have email :d
a ps3! :d wanna play! 8)
thx : )
hey! love the blog! maybe we could collaborate? i'd love to have you guest blog and link exchange :)
hmmmm. i'm not quite ... sure ... how to respond to that one.... thank you for sharing??? :)
one more show done! 2 more to go in florida, i hope to have time to get a tan :)
uhmmm, i have 3729. dude you got owned :d haaha
aw, i just got my 600th comment :) very cool!
oh, we're ready ;) oh hey see you in 6 days! i don't think is ready for our crazy crew :)
solid soundcheck. greens and call of duty time :-)
#followfriday please follow very nice lady and fellow bird lover. great tweets, too! :-) {totally agree!}
thanks christina :) #ff
#amen! :) #zodiacfacts #the aries zodiac sign is straightforward, aggressive and adventurous and (cont)
well, i'm not sure i would disagree with that :)
probably not, besides, neither one of us ever budges :-)
awhh your so sweet :)
lmao :) thank you
:) you rule and i wish you lived here so you could paint my whole damn house
jealous! :-) have fun, hon! boys and i have arrived in the beautiful pocono mountains. have a happy easter!
jealous! :-) have fun, hon! boys and i have arrived in the beautiful pocono mountains. have a happy easter!
sent check now pls. thanx! :-)
dm me about bit torrent and between the two of us, you'll be all set :)
help me get 2 more followerrs?! i return all shoutouts :)
hey guys, any bit of lyrics you guys send me, ill be sure to show them to alex.. or you guys can just send them to :)
catching up on my vampire diaries and supernatural. love these shows :)
no problem :) and im good too :)
re your twitter pic looks like a riot at your place :)
any buddin im's in my area bristol england ? get in touch :-)
thank you for the indefatigable shout outs :)
hiya, thanks for the follow, nice to tweet you :-)
thanks for the follow :)
thank u girly! :)
:d permasmile. great night :) thank you lord! your death has brought us all life :) #goodfriday
followed them :)
can you follow us back? :)
updating all my squidoo lenses (8) because it's your voice, your fortune :)
hmm did i mention i'm somewhat of a chameleon? put me in any surrounding and i'll fit right in.. :)
thnx hun!!! :) yea it's her, mariah carey
she late! but at least it came card from mommy came :) $$$
install firebug and it will identify the specific css code for you :)
and scrunch your edward scissor hair, johnny bear. :d
not to rub it in to those not in san diego (ha!), but dang it was a mighty fine day to be pics soon. :)
will be announced soon. they're finalizing dates & venues atm. hope sf gets a stop. :-)
i am in nz right now, will be in pasadena sometime but not sure when :d
thanks :)
i wonder if he's just enjoying the feel of the upholstery against his skin. :)
wow...calm down jon! it's your twitterversary...u can't be mad. :)
if you're 10-15 years old :)
purely selfish reasons. the more attention, the even larger ego which means you write more. :-) you just stay healthy dude!
thanx always for us :)
you should get some ; it's yummy nom noms lol :d
has been advised that at easter time chocolate has no calories. phew! :)
she means uncle... hey its my 18th bday today :d i think u need another 2nd gen fan in ur followin list
thanks for followin back! :)
beeem e você? :d
yeah, i'll add those pages. i'm already following her ^_^
new computer, she workee. i think i'll name this one kara. :)
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
if you're 10-15 years old :)
hey there! hope you have a great weekend : )
hey ralph, please check your local stores for details. :) ^jc
i'm sure i'll tweet you all tomorrow! have a fabulous evening everyone! :d :d :d :d :d :d
<--- funny. i like you. found u one of my all-time favs, / he comes highly recommended carole :-)
i miss the tweets of i hope you and your family are doing well :)
follow me please? : )
i was wondering the same thing the music restarting every time the page reloaded was getting old too. :)
happy bday to chua kotakk ya...@tantrikotak tlg sampein :) kak gding mw ucpin hpy (cont)
thanks for the #ff mention :-)
#ff #fflove >> -- thank you, friend! you rock! :)
<3 yay!! a #vegan #easter is a #happy easter :) --> hooray for an eggless easter!
hey babes :)
thanks for the follow! i'm following u back!! :)
slept like a baby last night, had a good 8hrs of sleep, didn't party at all coz i gotta work work work 2day in boracay 2day. :-)
awww yes u are! :) i was jokin newhoo i dnt hve 1 n even if i did i wudnt bug u or jeremy loool
i would have gotten that lipstick but i have one similar already. its so pretty though :d
if you're 10-15 years old :)
info cipularang gmn? thx ya :) |
back from the paint off for ithacafest. soaked up a lot of artist energy. even running into coworkers didn't bug me. :)
germany, it's 3:15am here haha. i hate germany, i'd prefere to live in england or us or canada lol :)
you are so very sweet :d
thanks bro ♥ :)
haha! yeah, there's only a handful of people out there who, out of the box, will get both sides of this graphical hack :-)
thank you...i love lightening too :)
well, if youre serious ..lemme help! :d or you could be eating a peep or a gummy bear.
hahaha i doubt it lol my kitchen gadgets are more reliable :-)
woo it's my birthday!! charl :)
guys please if you love justin bieber you would follow :)
yet another strong, intelligent (and yes, beautiful) voice on our side. :-)
going bathing suit shopping this wknd at the crew. getting in a last-minute (utterly pointless) workout in preparation :)
hey, you say that like it's a bad thing! teeheehee :)
thanks for the #ff mention :-)
i love life. i hope you want to join me in this trip. | yes i do! :) your tweets are awesome!
guys!!!! reached her tweet and follow limit.. :)
i dont have a goal :) haha i just like getting people to theres. whats yours?
yes! i drive by there all the time. your close to where i live. :)
absolutely! i'm here if ya need help :)
congrats! :)

thanx
thinking about taking my mom to mia isla tonite for her birthday for some wholesome puerto rican food // jealous! enjoy. :)
mowed?!?!? tea! thai food! facial wash! :)
if you're counting on anyone in a wizards uni at this point in the season ... well, i wouldn't get your hopes up :)
if your younger than 16 :)
read ur dm please :)
awesome! ty so much :)
so urs took one week, how long is it renewed for? ye i need mine for not nxt week, the week after disney landd :) lool
thank u! :)
hey sana, we are working on getting more in stock as quickly as possible. :) the hd2 is a very popular phone. ;) ^jc
love how photogenic you are! thx :)
party over here woot woot *raises the roof* see not only crackers do it :) woooooooooooooooooooooo !!!
:) of course, glad to have you on board as a fan! enjoy your weekend
sorry i sound an idiot but don't give up because lucie and lloyd will be around for a long time :) xxx and u can still see them
gunna watch ur new vid noow scippy :) haha
pretty woman is on tnt yay :)
you too? :( i had to eat some eggs for dinner *sighs* but i get to eat cnady :d *stands and offers a hand*
you're welcome. :-)
daaaammmmmnnn !!!!! promoter made tshirt with my logo ! :) :) :)
hope you're well. how's africa? :)
you're welcome! :d
fireworks is the best :-) #fireworks
thanks for the #ff mention :-)
nice twitpic...veeeery nice :)
#shoutout2thedudes that wear their pants around their waist :)
yeah, except it doesn't feel as hard when it's right. even though it is lol. i guess "worth it" is the term :)
beautiful lake huron :)
anytime! we can head downtown!! hope you have a nice weekend. :)
lol...seriously. i have lost 6 lbs so far! encourage me : )
hahaaaa yeaah. i still think are the best :d
thank you :)
everything can be celebrated when you plan it right :-)
hey you, howdy! following you back. :)
hajar jahanam dulu dong pagi2 gini wkwkwkwk pagi ini dibangunkan oleh the cure dari ipodeck. "just like heaven"... :)
my fave song from mw2.0 is somebody to love. makes me wanna dance :d haha
did you vote today? we need your help to win the dogooder award. do it! -- takes 2 seconds :)
shoutouts for shoutouts? :) :) :)
:)
fashion student looking for experience or internship (birmingham, england): hello :) i am currently finishin... pls
thank you! it's getting on my nerves now ;) but the baileys nightcap i've just had seems to have kicked in sweet dreams :)
wow hw much was it?! soundcheck at hall 1 and i picked up money again.. but i gave it away this time.. :)
