thank you so much for the compliment! i'm just trying to be myself out here! =) #ff a real man
aww bless go to sleep then :) want me to tuck u in ? x
okay i got u! :)
you're mighty welcome! happy easter! :)
if that was a late april fools joke from the usgs, then it wasn't funny. happy easter by the way. :-) #chocolatebunnies!!
thanks for the mention :-)
i will dm justin bieber for because she followed ps go follow her & i will dm justin for you :)
lol thats what i always say. ill entertain a bitch if shes even remotely cute. none have even come close yet :)
why will you miss it? inline js sucks. using stuff like jquery selectors is so much nicer. :)
hey coooooon! :)
i am eating chocolate right now!! :d
omg that was you? you sounded nervous) yay i just won me some sd zoo tickets :) we are going to the zoo :)thnks
alrite :)
if you follow you'll get a shoutout :)
that's a shame, i went that way too, for a while, but you stagnate, live half a life. i want more, there is more, dare to dream :)
one person's "uh oh" is another's "hell yeah!" :)
thanks for taking a look! :)
jus watching a lil t.v -- chillin :) wat you doing? ? ?
you're welcome. : )
moved in now? hope you are having a great evening with your gf (and sammy) getting settled in. :d
i am so excited to see these incredible pictures of :) they are all so beautiful!
its almost 6:30 pm here! what time is it there?! :)
absolutely! i'm equivalent to a minnow or maggot =)
but not for a good reason dominican republic is trending? represent! :) whoop whoop!
tay, i was turned 15 on march 30th! please say happy bday to me? it'd be the best bday ever! :) :) please
just woke up from the best nap ever :)
can 3 people list me please? ill list u back :)
i watched that video 4 times. lmfao. and onto the 5th. :d
:) did they have any orange ones?
thanks for the kind rt's :-)
#ff my hunniiee even tho he be showin all myy guddies on oovoo i still qot love for the kid lol :)
thanks :)
i forgot how retarded good cherry airheads are! they're just gonna go straight to my hips! :)
love the name :)
yayy! yay is having a live chat soon.so excited :)
im not a tequila fan but that sure looks tasty ... enjoy friend :d
aw! hugs and love right back to you. enjoy the time with your friends say hello to the them for me! love you both my samich :)
virgo and taurus, please :)
yayness congrats always nice to see you win :d #perfectharmony
haha don't really :p she'd hate u and she'd hate me if she sleeping :p aww bet she such an angel wen she sleeps :) xx
any time :)
it's my pleasure :) how's work been going for you?
so just asked if he was on top of the eiffel tower in nyc lmaooooooooooooo :d >> def said empire state bldg
that means a lot =) cause apparently people like him a lot lol. soooo hopefully that means good things for me? lol :d
aww poor babyyy .. islu tho =) .dont cryy curry@alyssacamillee
thank you for the #ff! have a wonderfully happy easter : )
just making a joke on authenticity. :)
clica amor :d
thank you stephen! that is so kind of you! we'll continue to pump out the good health stuff! :)
just go!! their headed to the station now :) do you know if either of them are on twitter??
can you guys please sign this it'd mean a lot :)
yayaya :) im already following so you just get shoutouts. haha
i'm listening to it!!! you have a good taste in musiccc! :) ----i'm gonna shout you out!
that's why i typed it up first lol. i will ramble & had something very specific i wanted to say :)
ah! fruits. do you like peaches? they have the best peaches here late summer. :d
hey homie :) saw u briefly at snoops party when i was headn out :::: u been good ??
i get 6,520 and u get me 2,400 :) alright <3 ima try to be fast on this lol :)
out the door to lakers b-ball game :) ~-~ as long as your heart says knicks, we cool.
sings : trini is a very freaky girl! << hahahaha :)
hahaha! i'm excited. hopefully one day i can go to all of these awesome places with you when we're both out here! :)
this one is right up your alley :) how to feel good right now
:) how are you sweetthang?
it was like waking up after a night of partying, noticing someone extra around you don't really want there :)
: )
k back =) and done with dishes
*muah* love you! :)
:) thank you dear! you too! ♥
oh that's my pit bull, phoebe :) that was on new years eve
hell yeah i would. :) ok i am tired of the computer, i will call you.
i'll second that! :d happy friday night! party safely please! don't drink and drive!
my brain is not working properly tonight. i wonder if radiation treatment can fry your brain? :) haha
lol awh thanks :)
will do :)
lol that's so true! :d
if i wouldnt feel so guilty for touching an apple product i would probably do it :)
welcome back :)
it is a great friday :) i am well :) just finishing up a good friday unseen :)
looks good mate :) want me to it for you ?
after 2 months of looking for my ds, it magically shows up the night before a 6 hour flight to la. that is lucky :-)
hm, sweating for no reason? sounds like a fever.. bieber fever :d
q:first concert you went tooo? a:christina aguilera :)
oww me likey :) wat made u follow?
oh cool. was in 111 about to get my kit and head home. see ya soon. :)
going through the process of making my dog a service dog so she can come to miami w/me next week :)
i love the wave spray! driving across 520 was actually kind of fun today!! drove through wave spray. :)
thx! thanks! :) we are big fans!
hey thanks very much for rt'ing. :d
do this wtf why am i stuck at 811 followers yall help me git dat up ! :)
monopoly rematch :)
haha funny..i was watchin that yesterday :)
looking extra nice! go to m2 tonight! <---- new icon :) what ya think?
glad to hear it earthquakes are not my specialty :-)
i hear and robert pattinson are gonna do a duet for the eclipse soundtrack!! :d
wohoooooo!!!!! party in the house!!!!! : )
:) at least you tweet like a normal person. i believe i have a "problem"...
thanks for your kind words sir. life is a gift. :)
i see em! i just get too many to keep up with everyone these days :)
i love easter :)
#shoutouts2dagirlz .. just because :)
#ff because she is super sweet and can tolerate my humor! :)
boo, its all love- its jus u tall ppl get outta hand sometimes!! (here i go! lol) if that's how you feel :)
tanks for sharing #photography happy easter :)
aww baby!! thanks!! :) >.< love you too ♥
oh my just got home and met a very cute tall boy that lives in my building. :) moooohaha
had a nice nap_feeling refreshed :-)
i have shiny silver fingernails. it looks very mermaidy or robotey. robotic mermaid hands :)
hello ^_^ how are yu ?
glad to hear the surgery went well, sorry to hear about new moon... :-)
koo! wer leaving 2 dinner soon so i'll hit ya up when i get back. i wudnt know where tho so ur gonna hafta pick a spot :)
are you posting a review of the joojoo and the ipad :-) or are you waiting for the wepad?
<=== follow! :)
lol yeah. i still sorta love him. turns out he still has feelings for me too :d
it'd mean the world if you guys signed this :)
happy birthday!! :)
we got the dear darling daughter a zune speaker dock for her birthday and she's playing ella fitzgerald on it. :-) #prouddad
hey veronica. yes, i agree, our ricky family is amazing!! hugs to you my friend. : )
ha! and i find first impressions are usually spot on! :)
oh wow. thank u so much.. u made me smile :) lets do it again in rewards for hard work? <3
aiight ill make sure i check it outt! :)
yuppp and i can't wait either :)
:) to my new follower ...
that's what i'm thinking. gloriously large iphone at double the price. but a very very shiny one :)
thanks for the rt! have a fun weekend. :)
gemini and aquarius please :d
i ♥ getting gifts in the mail. thanks for all the baby stuff :)
just on this and bbming my friendd nothing really to do at 2.25am lol. what about youu ? :)
cannot keep my eyes open tonight. ya'll have fun and don't say mean things about me while i'm sleeping. :)
hi u there :)
hello sweetheart .. ! =)
was there a rant? :) thought we were supporting a friend needing to talk :)
well i'm sorta like your hubs regarding maid service! i prefer day hikes & a comfy cabin, inn or lodge :-)
can i get a shoutout? :)
of all the time to do it, i decide to start tidying my room now! well, i finally managed to put my bed sheets back on though :-)
keep em cominggg =) dont hold back
this degrassi shit type live lol :) (wrddd lol
heyyy wussup my dood?? =)
thanks for the #ff! :d
good on ya man. show that illness who's boss :d
omge im so happy that you're tweeting more often than bfore! iloveyou sunshine! :)
thanks for the #ff, & i miss chatting with you too! enjoy your weekend : )
dm me the details please :)
thanks girlie u are a real chick thanks doll :-)
yeah... well i guess i do have both genders. and fellow foodies! :)
follow ! :)
rlly its ok :)
my friend hates justin. she's being forced to listen to him :d im amazing
should i make more icons barbz ? newer ones ? :)
:) prikitiw jg dah . .hert hihihirt cie . . . cie . . . prikitieww. . . . :d (cont)
unfortunately, that doesn't say much. :)
agreed! (& so r u) #ff is someone worth following. he's my first follower (food) on twitter. :)
fellas you should definitely follow :) « awww haha thanks love #ff her too!!
well...one sort of naturally leads to the other, yes? :)
oh dont know who that is :)
gonna dj for some nice lookin models at deans tonight :)
c'mon. ask. you know you want to... :)
thank you so much for featuring me on your site! totally honored : )
bahahhahaha yeahh :)
for real. :) what are you up to tonight?
hooooome! had mad fun today, goin back out tomorrow to hang w/ some old friends again ^_^
yayy finally my age again :d
haaaaappy bithday charl :)
are you reading the #readalong tonight :) in case you're late to the party, our story is only human, so awesome
with my bestie ^_^ = no other way to start a weekend :)...jbynoe...
#ff onee of my neglectors =)
aw thanks! :)
i added you :)
new video blog, so... :)
good. :)
super shoutout to :) she was 1000th follower. chyeaaah
ohh hahha :dd i'm just tweeting and listening to the radio :)
sorry haha :) i'm a girl you know and every girl loves sexy boys. and ryan and chaz are in canada , yummy haha
:) thank you so so much darling, it's definitely going to be a an excellent, rather long night by (cont)
everyone keeps tweeting/ asking me and my friend questions about cody simpson since he replied to me :d
i love you to the moon & back, see you in 35 days i want a hug more than anything. love you :)
:) there she is! how are you?
happy birthday for tomorrow!!! :d
#nowplaying las de la intuición shakira :d loooooooove this song xd
holy shit! thankyouu sooooo much! we only need 8 more now. oh my gosh. you are amazing. thanku thanku thanku !!! :d
one of the many reasons, why i gave up on getting one. it's inefficient. :)
try it :)
happy birthday, martin :)
tema i just ate crab shrimp and brocli :)
tay, i was turned 15 on march 30th! please say happy bday to me? it'd be the best bday ever! :) :) please?
ty 4 that rt! =)
q:you like guys? a:mhmm! =)
i like pugs! we have some at my apartments such cuties they are :)
no i"m having a good day... just letting go of some people that are nothing but constant drama.. so not worth it ya know! :)
i played house & i was the daddy! =]<---mani try 2tell em...i always played daddy,& they girls didnt mind =)
:)
it's a holiday weekend kick back & relax for the night- & i are taking tomorrow during the day for just us :-)
here you go followers pho! i saved u some :)
twitter, weather, rss modules for sure :)
i would like that, thank you! :d what an amazing way to spend your days. i am happy for you :d
thank you! and to you as well :-)
thank you :d :d :d :d
does han, have her own twitter? :)
#wondercon was a lot of funr. met starrs and more!. will ne in daily morning rpt and to you 2 :) having fun?
oh yeah!!!! :)
haha... another convert :)
