thanks will definitely do that after i eat my vegan dinner :) now i have to make my own apps... virtual happy hour??
lol, some things are better left off twitter i spose :)
like i said in the blog, nothings even properly finished yet! but as soon as it is, i'll let u know :) thanks for reading xx
is a tommy texter. lmfaoooo. good times :)
i hope adam and kesha headline. :-)
but such wonderful crazy! :)
diary of a wimpy kid was good. :)
omg i can't believe it this is actually the best day ever !! justin bieber isnt a tt !!! omg !!! i <3 it gona celebrate :)
... i love the "official" phone calls asking if i am "mr. richard" because they fear my last name so much. :)
#spam my twitter name on your timeline :d
shoutout for shoutout? :d i'll give #followfriday's to people. (:
i've got a backbone, everything will be alright! :)
#ff dude :)
well i know it will turn out good sis :)
i want to do a feature on your work with since its autism month 4 my humanitarain blog! follow so i can dm !! :)
the weather's so nice, i got happy feelings. #maze =)
thank you. : )
lost fans from all corners of the world, say hi on our mag to go in the draw to win a namaste tee #lost :d
i'm in this awesome treasury give it some love please :-)
who needs color when you have resolution of 1080 to the 5th power p.... and 3d. =)
shoutout video is done :) gonna upload it noww !
very well! i hope you have a wonderful weekend! =)
thank you everybody :) this is exactly what twitter is for.
shouldn't we deep fry a bunny for easter? perhaps it would hop out of the pot :)
yes i am :) my great grandparents came over to the states from cork. haven't been to ireland yet, but planning on it.
going downtown for dinner then who knows :)
happy easter friend ~~ happy holiday weekend have a special time dear heart :)
no prob =)
yay! thank you. :)
me plus you. tap tap match. tonight at 7. my house(x i can bet your high score! :d
cos you're one super-cool sekurity dog :)
beyond excited!!! :)
g2g, its almost 1am! talk to u 2morow :) bye <3
its going n going :d you? :d
followed :)
iightt . : )
listed :d but can u follow? i follow back <3
goood :)
the roomies are getting it mane!! the livest ones in here!!! and :)
thanks..right back at ya!hope you day is going well!! :)
thanks bro :)
awesome as well!! pretty relaxing... took a walk on the beach with my mom and now i'm cooking dinner! :)
ainda não. tô em fix you. :d
gonna start the website for tomorrow :)
understood :)
follow :)
whatever makes them happy, i figure, in that realm. :)
^_^
i know! my love for this show has almost surpassed my <3 for 24. it's getting so good. i'm glad i have you to be 12 with. :)
13, ill be 14 in june.. what about you? :)
#np till the casket drops in the whip..... i think it finally grew on me iv been waiting 4 this :)
thanks for the #ff ladies! right back at ya! :)
yay :) new video is finally up after 8 hrs of processing
okay coool! i'll try to get you to 700 :d
can you guys sign this please it'd mean a lot to me :)
been good too :) but im bout to go eat some shrimp ettoufe
auction them on ebay. we want a grot cd! will pay more if autographed :)
-- ggots has a picture of chiklis taking a picture of you. we'll email it to you so you can send it to your mom. :)
no, thank you! :)
askk anythingg and imma answer :)
oh, you're right i never confirmed. sorry! yes, definitely on track for may 15 deadline. excited about it :)
you'd have to read the name of the wind first. :d
the perfect one will be yours, promise! our first 2 offers got turned down too and we got house #3 :) good luck!
currently, i am. it's a nice little area :)
i'm on tonight. live from charlottesville, va. //yea!! :) one of my favorite people !!
you're very welcome. :)
i knoowwwww :d same rofl i can see demi being crazy
i sent you a screenshot of what i see. :)
q: what is your twitter name?! a: katchja :) that is my nickname in any web-related context
1500 and two...yeaaaaaah! thanks to all our facebook fans :) www.facebook.com/boutiquing
yup. :-) good guess.
:) come on back... boston misses you! still can't believe u were outside my office window! what's up in perth?
me too! i'll be paintycamming a lot more often after next weekend. prepping for a big art show til then :)
done! :) to my first and most cherished twitter friend..please oh please #ff
thanks for the reply. hope you have a wonderful weekend!! :)
thanks for rting my tweet, guys!!!!! :)
yes finally. :d lol. regret it now-__-
happy bday shout out too>>> =) my babys getting old lol i feel like a daddy
yeah.. and i got huuuge plans for and us in the future! :d
lmao why of course not im no #twitterpimp more so an ummm... hmmm *thinking* i dunno but definitely not lol...just doing #ff =)
we're looking forward to hearing, too, mary! :)
good!! :d i see your hormones are outta control today!! lol
your welcome, i call 'em like i see 'em :) #fabulous
looking for help from belleve peeps, anyone have a yearbook i can borrow from bellevue high 1979? i'd return it of course. thx :-)
at the imax theater fuck clash of the titans is sold out grr :( lol. well me nd my baby jus gonna parlay :) or see shutter island
swimming with dolphins can cure a really bad hangover. who knew! i'm going to see if chihuahuas can cure hangovers on land this wknd :)
too much #ciroc berry & coke. . makin me tell da truth =)
i understand! just wanted to make sure :-)
thanks man =)
#ff : )
thanks to sweet the princess has hair clips to match both her easter dress & birthday outfits! we didn't even pre-plan it :)
hahahaha, he would be soo proud :d
thanks for that list babe :)
easter basket shoppin for my lil man :)
nooo, thank you :)
check ur text. ^_^
can't be implying that knitting needles have some non-bdsm use? :) #eastercon
wishing you much healing and transformative energy :)
:d so wat ya doin...except for tweeing.?
thanks so much for retweeting that again pamela! have a great weekend :d
yes i can be :)
soooo, who's gonna come take care of me ? :)
love that pic boo! wooorrrkkk! :-)
anything at all, any where! :)
cba watching now, i'll watch tomorrow. you got matt into them, i've heard a few tracks and they're alright :d
as do i; as do i :) is juss so love.able ;)
i want to do a feature on your work with since its autism month 4 my humanitarain blog! follow so i can dm !! :)
q:are you going to do any more make up tutorials? possibly a dark eye look? :)... a:possibly :d
hi jason, thanks again for the twitjobs shout the other day :)
going to bed goodnight :)
rt! if you love mike hough forever and will always love him and stick by him <3 :) x
wearing my flip flops today. :-)
:d i'm going to be an auntie!!
:)
of course, because it was inspired by a dope person (you) lol =)
found it! =)
whoops, just got this. had the lamb pie yum! also bought some great stuff at zape. :-)
can the prevailing context make one more dense? :-) it's my experience that there is a tendency to harmonize as a way of...
no problem! we all start out somewhere :) this was nothing intended towards people doing it the right way like you
congratulations!! and congratulations on your summer job too! yay! shout out to my 1200th follower :d x
and i got my hair spiked it looks funky crazy cool :-)
moda wussup love love ?! :)
its very cold, and i live is quite a small town too : )! and its quite near london : )
of course! thanks shah!! if u need sf recs let me know! :)
yeah. that too :)
lightweight! :d (he says as he's on a bus home too)
chamo-me jorge, tenho 24anos... :) welcome to the club, sir é oficial. sou viciado no twitter!
ok lol i just did :)
thanks! we're getting there only 16 more fans before the draw :)
pssh no, what would make you think that? :)
haha, spoken like me there! :d do you like travelling? and i don't mean the local train travelling to work and all. :p
thanks for including me :)
thanks :) made it :) she really is x
shoutout to follow him if u aint already :)
#followfriday for sage advice, follow him... :) thank you for listening.
maaan is getting everyone hype!! good job yall!! :)
can i get a follow back? :)
every boby shout! princess beebee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
follow follow her ^_^
#ff my homie prophit813 ...he's the next big thing, watch n see! :)
so is it good enough?! :)
hey thanks for the tweet dude! glad you like our pillows :d
lol. wassup? :)
can you follow me please? :)
thanks for using justin.tv for your ipad updates! i am setting up your account to be a little more awesome, hope that's fine :)
the carpool lane rules!! glad is with me :)
that's my girl.... just like daddy :)
thats cool were two :)
aren't you the lucky one? :d
it's not my fault, :)
why did i get married too? i'm all in on that movie ...2night<< me too bought the tickets online :)
thanks man! enjoy the rest of your time in africa. it was a blast catching up. let's combine forces one of these days :)
haha i like this :)
if you are a girl :) www.justindrewdaily.com
the autograph :) you see how the "a" in my name connects 2 his name and the heart on the side
yeh been good :)
=) you did your thing on livestream too.
thanks vry much for the #ff :)
awe how nice of u :) u live out der. ?
just booked a room at the capitol hilton. dc, here i come! :-)
are you still listening??? i'm gonna shout you out!//yep, i'm still with ya!!! :)
all the pictures from the homecoming are making me make this face :d
who wants to tinychat with me thouu ^_^
burgers and nuggets. nothing special :) how are you?
a new show =)
glad i could make your day. :)
so you're following me mmmhh :d
,no...wait... i thought today was saturday, lol.... but no nvrmnd its easter sunday :-)
6 rainy windy miles done, now weekend!!! 20 miles tomorrow :)
q:hey sexy :) a:lol heyy
followed back :)
bumpn my reggae :)
just want to wish everyone a happy easter :-)
q:i love you =d a:i love you too! :d <3
tilapia, quinoa and kale for dinner! it's been a great week for food :)
big win. guess what kris !! wigan won against st helens today! still top of the table :-) x
bout to gooooo out! :)
haha thanks =)
i probably won't tweet much this weekend. gotta pack and stuff, so depends how long it takes me whether i'm online much. night :) x x
ahannn! *-* hahahah! :d
finna take a dip in the pool && jacuzzi w. my gf :)
yeah, from everything i have gathered he is a very cool guy. tell him i said hi next time! :)
i am i am :) :)
enjoy my city as i move into yours this month! :)
biebergasm! :o baby baby baby ooh! yess justin! :d
will do :-)
either way, i was sad.. bc i like to get in a zone... and i wasn't even on the internet i was photoshopping w/ my iced latte :)
i see you come by it honestly :)
can you give me a shoutout? it'd mean alot to me :)
followng u rts (through looking forward 2 your tweets!/thank you same here :)
thanks for the follow :-)
what i like about naps is that i feel so refreshed to go light up another 1. ^_^
thank you :)
:) thank you & congrats on finishing your proposal. bonne chance!
yay!! that weekend works for me!!! let's chat this weekend and i'll buy the ticket! you better be ready :)
think half the nations girly population thinks it!! haha it hasnt made him bigheaded hes grateful for his fans : )
welcome :-)
waiting for my boyfriend to get home from work. cleaning the house today :)
on the road to san francisco w/ :)
happy #13bedar & good friday everyone :) how are you?
