elbow to the eye.... is better thannnnnn.... a boot to the head? :)
you welcome!!
gonna keep spreading untill millions and more millions people check it out! =)
told u! :) it sure is. rt: omg the movie was great and so suprising
i am tomorrow =) can't wait! looks like you have all of your apps ready to go haha
gunna dm justin for the next 4 people who follow ! tweet me if you follow, goo :)
play speaker of the house. drive where you want to go and enjoy the meal. :d
follow this amazing singer hes 5 away from 3,700 :)
i do actually. i'm 2.5 miles downriver of this covered bridge visitors welcome :)
:)hey! omg,the bg's you made are #amazing! :) well tweet me when your on! :)xo
so thankful 4 the long weekend. so badly needed the last couple weeks of the semester are so stressful. yet, so glad to be almost done! :)
awwie :d yeahh its ahhh lol
i knew it!!! :-) licker licker!! *licks you back*
a couple more updates added to www.cartertwins.org :) just a reminder that the ct's live chat is tomorrow!! :)
gotta sign off for now... tweet with you later! : )
always good to see your smiling face. but what happened to the cowboy hat. thot you going to go country. :)
#talltthemovie is now outt! <--go get it right now! :)
nothing nothing, relax!! :)
:) wherever you are, wherever you go he is the one holding your hand. ~rumi
okay, will work on it this weekend :)
yeahhh :)
spill! spill! and as for whose world it is, we only know it's not ours. we're planning to give it back any time now. :)
tickets coming up next get yours!!! :) text to 75759 when we tell you .....
k , my paramore icon is backk :)
#ff <-- the funniest lil chick i have ever met... <<< aww thanks boo! :)
tell him i said hello and nice youtube he did with you do :-)
thank you : )
. fantastic day of tracking vocals :) amazing the inspiration i had that triggered the completion of a song from start to finish in 3 days.
please follow me back :)
this lil' mf took its time crossing the street!!! hehe :)
:-)
q:good :d a:hahah, who is this?
-seriously wouldn't tell anyone :)
what are you studying? you could stall a little longer entertaining my question or get right to work it's a win win either way : )
omfg vix & sofia are my favorite company for bikinis! soo hot haha that's where my cash goes. :( time for new ones! :)
#nowfollowing sooo wussupp??? =)
thanks mama! awww its ur bday!???? happy happy bday! hv a gr8 rest of da day :)
oh little grasshopper, i like your gumption. :)
ok! that made me laugh right out loud! usually i try humming "girl from ipanema!" i like yours better! :-)
yeah, i'm gad to hear you got it! :)
what ya doin beautiful :-)
absolutely 2 fridays from now at least :)
im goood , you? :)
that is so cool. i'm kind of stalkerish when it comes to kari jobe, sshhh, don't tell her. :)
if you want a shoutout!! i'm giving shoutouts for anyone for 5 minutes!! :)
wow. cool. ur lucky then :d i want to migrate too.
lloyd banks feat. juelz santana beamer, benz, or bentley || uma das melhores musikas dele :d
opened a new page on facebook , please join me there! ^_^
listening to goodbye by miley. wow :)
aaaawwww :) have fun on your date! play him some page 9 :)))
nah, it was just bad timing on an april fool's prank :)
dang hungry....just picked up panera :) might head to the city with mr.yeah
thank you oh so much. we try to. so do youuuu :)
its about that time for my #ff . . let's see who made ittt :d
umm ms. lady tell me more about this party you're promoting :)
wish you were here!! this night is going to be nuts! :-)
haha i really hope so! i just asked her mum on facebook! :)
yes since feb :d
miami • the official after party • club ►play • south beach • #teamsongz-- i'll b there :)
haha so funny someone block me... ohhh welll :d
freakin cold. timetoshower. :)
thats wassupppp ! :d whens ur bday ?
aww the bunnies are soooo cute :)
yuuuup! she's a movie star now :-)
heey :)
thanks, bob. same to you :)
guddd morning! gudd breakfast is what? it's what makes you happy in the morning :d
thank you! she's having a great birthday. :)
awwh thanku! :d ur soo niccee! :d
thank you, it's all done now, feel like we're in a brand new home. :)
first gig of the night tis a funky house ting blaaaaad... stupid never fails to feck the dance up (via big ups :)
we've got 2 extra rooms :)
but you can't. and that's why it's so special. :)
i like it!!! :)
thanks lol :d
thank you. :)
me too :)
but happy miracle friday today, i am on my way to my beautiful future again...................... :-)
i'm ur #1australian fan make sure u come to melbourne to tour when u eventually do :) i love you :)
yup, i got a show tonight. going to rock the stage. :)
thanks :d x
watching the rugrats movie :d rugrats sucked when they added kimmy and then they murdered rugrats with rugrats all grown up
awww how cute =)
should be back to working on music again in next few weeks. thanku for all your support n wishes guys! have a delicious longweekend xx :)
though i grill all through the winter, burgers on the grill taste soooo much better in nice weather!!! :d
yay! that would be the best thing ever!!! :) crossing fingers.
i can be fiscal conservative but socially liberal w/out bleeding heart :-) sort of extremely middle of road :)
will someone please list me 1 time and i also need 4 more followers!! i love for everything to be even haha! :) <33
-withh thee bestiee dimplez =) thinkin about stealingg marco's car lmao .
special treat tonight heather m., goddess of the deli, is working the night shift. she & branden holding it down until 11pm tonight. :-)
everyone pleasseeeeee follow her --> pls!!!!!!! :)
thanks! let me know how it works out for you or if you have any other questions... :)
had a productive 8 hour meeting with a client today, finally relaxing :)
lol :d
i know that's right! ---> :-)
brief encounter at sunrise- somehow didnt get my one on one interview ..:( alittle rushed for u all ...enjoy fla! :)
don't you know that jebus is faking, sir it's just for three days!!! oh, hi! :) #atheism
:)
no rush! but i would love to see it :) told dh i wanted 1 & he got all excited, he has many!
bless don! :) special shout out for my #ff <<my true ones foever!!!!!
you're welcome! there's still plenty of time for severe weather. :)
we made it to the ferry.... woohoo almost home. :-)
you can check mine for me :)
ooh i love that one :)
thanx babe! i <3 international wingman extraordinaire! :)
ugh!!! you're a tease! that's alright, i still like you :-)
go follow if you love justin bieber :d
lol nice xd aww :d just listening to music hbu? <3
right now i'm having to research a lot of wiccan stuff not my specialty so i go off and research :)
followed :)
going bed. myloes hogging it. the fatty. he usually sleeps with the parents but they're away. night! :)
the last song was surprisingly good :) but miley cyrus=badddd actress.
a song for all my fans and girlfriends : ) -- level 42 something about you or try hot water ext. version
おー、おめでとう！！ 今日がお誕生日なんだ！happy birthday to you 〜♪ お祝いしなきゃ :-)
#ff :)
how many more lists should i make? :)
i'm doing great sorry it took me long to respond! :-)
day 2 of #30daysofbiking springtime bicycle dinner party/picnic: :d #xtracycle evening of awesome!
it's definitely not too early for wine. :)
yes it is .... :)
:) so glad you were not feeling unloved! ;)
i miss you already. :( haha have one for me tonight! :)
samiri blue is dope.....not sure about zen. good luck :)
my page is mess up! when we started i was at 10,455! :)
thank you : )
parlor date with the girls, then off to see the fiance :)
thankyou :) xx
glad to know i'm not the only one counting down the hours. :d
:) *slowly picks you up then lays you down* goodnight, miley.
you're welcome sweets :)
quee boooom =)
supposed to meet up with some friends at the diner tonight. :)
hope u enjoy the movies with ur cousins,please follow me :)
myst!!!!! :-)
tix, that is. though i do need a baseball fix. :)
sweet gotta love that seeing how to train a dragon 3d imax 17.99 movie free love scene points :)
without a doubt :)
bring me next time :)
watchin chipmunks first lol a kids movie then some action later :)
i only wish some of the #sgu peeps were there. maybe #comiccon ?? great! :d i love cons.
a bit softer and (dare i say it? ;)) more "girly"...ya know? this str8 gal's thinking she's looking good! :)
i got you 10 :) thanks so much! you got us so many!
bridgestreet is packed...and pf chang's has a 55 min wait glad i made reservations :)
if u fall in love with mitchel's eyes and smile :)
my day/nite spent celebrating scandi king's bday. :) allesegretti hello ladies hope all is well today
just kidding, appreciate the ff i'd side with peace loving lefties on war mongering neocons any day :-) & #ff 2u2 :-)
thanks for the #ff! :d
pls follow shawn marion (@matrix31) a nba player who cares about us fans! thanks! please #ff >>> done :)
haha, we are ganging up now :)
what's good jane? :)
he was on here earlier talking about shrimp. the kind you eat. :)
this is awesome! going to blog it probably :)
follow me back please :)
please sign itd mean so much to me :)
don't worry, the interview will be online too, and we'll share the link on fb and on our blog too :) enjoy palm springs (ahhh)
actually that is through feedburner. :-)
recording 3 new videos tonight! i will start posting on sunday! love you all and hope you have an awesome weekend!!!! :)
i'm an aries bitch and you love me!!! move! :-)
it might help ease your mind, but i'd wager that after a few weeks they start piling up there instead of elsewhere. :)
can you guys please sign this it'd mean the world to me :)
egg cupcakes? o.o link to recipe! :d
:)
talk to david, you may be able to join ours :)
omg... guess what? im reading that too!!! hhhahahahhha i wanna call u now! :d :d
happy easter to all my tweeting friends :)
me please :)
hmmm u sure been giving away alot of wisdom over there :)
yep, that's exactly what it says. :d
my mom just said "son of a bieber!" hahahahah. :)
thanks so much!! so sweet!! :)
wow, talk about picky. did the hue change due to sun fade?? maybe you need a big umbrella for your house. :)
who wanna be my background? ==> me me me meee!!!! loooll =)
i was suppose to rest today, but my body insisting that i should workout. besok aja rest nya deh.. :d
wahhooo :) to confirm: the price of 24.99 is for four bags #perfectharmony
bg i made. anyone can take it, comment if your using :)
i'm following you already :)
woo! just finished uploading all the family history info i have at this point into this new software i bought. :)
just had a amazing dinner windsore salad and tropical chicken breast w/ passion fruit marinade yummy :-)
thanksss<3 :d
never take life so seriously, noone gets out alive anyways :)
good news in carney land :-) radio stations are adding us! wtts, kcmp, wvmp, wxpn, ktbg, kwmt, wfpk, wnku, wrxp, wrlt, kfog, kfan crazy!!!
i know right? i see you found my other profile! :)
lmao off at the "my boo" ahahaa me n my girls n my boo is a aries. : )
but that's a pretty cool competition :) i will keep remind my followers <3
.@earcos ...a mi me recordó muchisisisimo a la intro de the it crowd #fringe :d
did you politely tell hem to suck it? :)
i did i loved it but then my computer crashed and i discovered hootsuite. good memory :)
thank you mucho :)
lol! you're welcome :) i see you on all of my fave follower people's pages, finally followed.
punishment for being a bit too naughty? :-) u been a bad baaad girl lol
this soothes my sore throat :)
if you want a shoutout!! i'm giving shoutouts for anyone for 5 minutes!! :)
oh my gosh what a cutie!! =)
aww, thanks! that's so sweet :) #perfectharmony
thank you very much for the rt. you are so sweet. :-)
#shoutouttothegirlz that are capricorns like me :)
#ff cus its his birthday :)
i just linked to a recipe on vegan yum yum, actually. :)
had a nice nap_feeling refreshed :-) <---- who cares?? lol. u kno i'm playin:)
what up what up :)
i'm following you already :)
