who are you talking to jon?!? self inspiration? :-)
iya chy knp? ka raraa :)
thnks love & we sure can! :) happy birthday mamas!! we gonna hve to hit the club 1time!!•
sounds really cool....can i be the "asst chief" then ? :-)
haha just burned his finger with tea i love skype :d
i can also concur that is in fact a real life person. thanks for coming out! :)
girl its the best u gotta have cherry kool-aid 2 mix with ur sugar then u dip it :)
feels so good to just relax :) looking forward 2 a chill night w/ my sister! 1 more day of work till my wknd starts. let the countdown begin
maybe it means ur doing what ur suppose 2 be doing & don't need a fortune 4 direction :)
is sewing easter dresses for my girls tonight. :) makes me happy although i am insane for staring this today especially...
i'm cool just relaxin til i have to go out. <------------- was that a dj in my timeline :) how you doing :)
the best kind of tired, though. garden fatigue! :-)
thanks for sharing! =) how have you been?
it's red: a tempranillo that i haven't tried before. wish me luck! :)
thank you pam! happy easter to you and your family!! hugs : )
if you want.. is alredy good. you've helped soo many and ur soo kind :)
congrats to your bro for signing with the redskins i know steeler nation is gonna be sad though.. how u been by the way :)
how's this? :d
guess :)
i am here to motivate you :) #readalong
followback?? :d
loved good friday service so so glad i've said "amen" to what he did for me :) (via
i do it everytime!! tonight's beauty tip: baby oil is not just for legacy. use it as a post-shower moisturizer! :)
thanks for your participation on devex. : )
i officially learned how to roll a doob the right way last nite..... :-)
driving home; i like looking at the lights at night :)
lol. looks like the boys have a few screws to turn this morning. :)
had fun visiting columbia today in new york, some funny quotes with lol , weather was so beautiful today :)
hey you :) i couldn't be better! how've you been?
vo faze uma twitcam com o e :d
wait.. do you want to do 20 for 20 instead? ill be at 7850 :)
come here and chat with us pleaseee ~~~~~~> :d
shoutout 5 i got bored xd lmao :d
:d shmank youuuuuu
#ff my new lover she's cool =)
dear god, thank you for my sisters, girlfriends and women all around who love sports!! #thefundamentalsandnotjusttheoutfits... amen. :-)
eh, you can go out to all those crazy saturday evening events now! right?? :) go get some sleep now! see you in a couple hours!
another big code drop on site is still under cover (except here) will be having some #dinner #food #review #parties soon :)
all the best with your new adventure! when you get settled, let's do customers rock! radio again. you were fab! :)
great! ur going to love it! :) enjoy. rt: going to see it tomorrow! already purchased my ticket!
i'm lame on friday nights when stuck at the office. i know. :)
please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
i only ever speak to koryn on there. but yeah they are awsomee :d
cancers and virgos :)
what would you do for a klondike bar? correction! ..what would you do for nutella? :d haha ..im asking you!
a million thank yous for your awesome toronto blog post dear. i visited some cool spots. :)
ill dm justin 5 times for whoever follows . hes dmed 7 people i sent ! tweet me if you follow, gooo :)
#ff --- coz hes fun to talk to :)
yay! you found a place!?!?!? great view! :)
anything with aries :)
awww thx :)
twilight it is :) um icecream or cake? lmao
nxt 10 ppl 2 sine i will tell justin 2 dm yu im spending a whole day w. him so ill do some convincing :)
squeeeeee!!! just confirmed me as a friend on facebook!! :) i love him!!
sonic is fun! i still have a mega drive and lots of games, but emulators have taken over, but every now & then i plug it in :)
lol yes you are hilarious! and unique :) i love it when you jump in the game!
sied van riel ... rmx alex ames " one day " on my page ... :-)
hey! ever since you told me to do yoga, i have been a lot more... enlightened :) thank you! -k
so i'm back on now. <3 spring break babyyy!! omgaaash thank youuu! :d haha
can you please follow please!? she's amazing and i wanna get her to 740 :)
followed :)
yaay! love you too :d
good morning all :)
i like tearing them down in front of their #p2 friends when they accuse me of not having facts. :)
hey :)
follow now!! :d
yesss i sooooo want a sidekick haha! :) i mean i want the 3g by google 2!!
i'll brb! super boring dito sa computer shop namin. :)
i have several good friends from el paso. :)
tonights gonna be a good night :)
#follow him :) !!! >>>>> #nowfollowing
thank you..certainly tried!! :)
starting to get into the wonder con spirit of things. heading off to see and the guys from comicvine.com. :)
& of course we keep kobe :) #24
i'm now 15 :) <3
yay! c u soon!!! re: thank you so much team piper! see you soon! :d
thank you jen. it has been a great day. how was yours? happy easter! hugs and love : )
entirely too cool. i want a fist bump from the president too. :)
idea for waves: design an audio plugin suite that you can dial in and then does whatever it wants.. the waves washington collection? : )
i love sex- related tweets.. :)
:) well thanks hahha
< my fav pic now :)
i won a ps3 from crackle! :d :) <3
everyone go follow :d
gee thanks ^_^
my pleasure :-)
i'll be back on in a bit. if your around. i'll at least be on my phone. :)
just a crush :) also an ex... lol.
yesss! ketchup is ridiculous! :d expect a lot of good looking staff...thats all im saying ;)
melissa on now! put on your thinking caps :)
awesome friends, appreciate your : )
is that the same as toodles? :)
oh, that is soooo amazing- that is what we are waiting to get....someday :)
just got done coloring eggs. :-)
awww, i'm nice to my fans and followers. all two of them. :d
very true. i drink tons of water too :)
thanks for the #ff love made my day :-)
haha i'm running for president :) of course after i clean up the streets of henry county ;)
what's your favorite song sings? mine is stuck in the moment :)
't wait to see ce soir ..and taste your yummy food ..you rock :)
