i gave a bunch of shoutouts....can i also have 1 shoutout..from someone? :d
followed! :)
vodka shots! =)
is that an ff? haha! thanks! :)
well, then you can catch it at the website. i'm just offering you options. :-)
trying something new on the panda menu t'night. "pork and green beans" :)
hey punk wassup :)
your weather sounds soooo cool...mother nature at her finest :)
:) oh my sketcher butt shoes?? lol
ty very much 4 the mentions :-)
i fell asleep after dinner last night, so sorry i wasn't able to party w/u guys, i was drop dead tired!!! see u later!!! =)
followed =)
just dyed eggs with girls. now watching little house on prairie and lovin on our pup. quality time is so important. :)
yep i feel you. i guess. lol.. jk :)
kids have been swimming in the hotel pool for hours and have declared it "the bestest place ever!!!!" cracking me up. :)
headed 2 see y did i get married too.. then to mags :)
hey miss irish... your boys of skyline here! follow us please :)
my hairs so big cuz its full of secrets :)
mmm enjoy your coleslaw and salmon :)
you are welcomed allan. thanks for the #ff. hope you are well this evening. :-)
sure thing! :) hope you had a good week! been meaning to ask, what did you think of 'where the wild things are'?
#ff cause i said sooo :)
it didnt wrk!lolrt trying to lure me with weed, you know my weak spot haha where u going? i have weed :)
i should have specified in my comment that i liked it enough that i would buy a full size in the future! :)
tomorrow i'm going on a date... by myself :) being single just let's me mingle ;) haha movies here i come
must be working, then. i think. :)
just dandy. hows yours? :)
noo 24th :) whats yours?
sooooooo jealous of your trip!!! have fun. keep up the posts. :)
i like it :d x [news post] robin hood tax commercial + bits and pieces + new look!
a trip to montana to see you :) sandi let me know when you plan on going :) sending dm :)
you're welcome :)
i don't know! i'm not sure if she was pitched the song before me or what! but it's cool to hear a stripped version! :)
omg omg eww why are you old? #fail please go find something better to do with ur life. thanks :)
thank you god bles you :-)
fizah02 haha u guys crack me up :) i 2nd that!cn u imagine ther instd of sharni?phew.total hotness!
thanks tanya. :)
fridays lookin good...even better now with yur twitcon ---> awww, glad to hear i make your day a good one :)
=) but you're a whole lotta other things, so that's cool.
i should! but i have a bday party to attend. next time, thanks babegirl! =)
follow mee??? plss???? :)
you are amazing too! nobody messes with my friends. i am always here to support you. :)
can you please followww :) thanks
oh sarah you know i'll aaaaaaalways loooooooove youuuuuuu :) miss ya. will i get to see you at all when i'm up?
please if you notice this tweet! :) <3
blair!!! hello right back!!! :)
thanks for the yes they are the na kapuna o lokelani :)
tomorrow i need to get me some sun :)
how r u? :)
well, thanks so much!!!!! :)
who is bob hoe ? or whatever quick my cousin is asking don't wanna look stupid :)
buzz by juan rios from buzz storage 7.2 gb (26%) of 27.3 gb :)
thanks :)
shall do :)
if your younger than 16 :)
:-) -- thank you for the #ff love!
thank goodness its friday =)
happy twitterversary btw...a year since you joined twitter. :)
wait, you're 6'9" and live in l.a.? i hate you. its a little cold today...will be 60's tonight :)
*winks* :)
aww, im sure he misses u and re'gan. it'll get better :)
:) i just got a coca-cola from a pepsi machine, maybe peace and harmony can prevail.
nvr put all ya eggs in 1 basket. :) [yesss !!]
;-) but i think you are amazing in all that you put in a day for work, family, education and self :-) hope you enjoy the holiday!
such a great place. every time i go there, i have way too much to drink. :-)
going to bed. see 'ya guys later www.dupple.wordpress.com :)
thanks :d
:) thanks for the #ff
im on wat u on boo, no alcohol for me tonight : )
thanks so much for the #ff shoutout! right backatcha! :-)
ok lol i'll try to create one :p and we can invite and :d hahaha
it was sooo beautiful there today. so relaxing :) wish you could have joined me!
agreed. the ending was sweeet though :) but yeah, more jimel.
why yo tweets protected? #itsnotthatserious cuz yo ass aint talkin bout shit no way! :)
:hat followed follow .. shes a lil behind on this twitter thing.. but she sure is bad :)
koryn, bcoz u love me. can you help us reach our goal? we just need 20 more followers. coz ur just plain awsomeeeeeeee :d
:d no problem
gotta love "perfect" people! <~~well thank you =)
:) #team work,drive &&` go to schl lol #shoutout2dagirlz that are in college
i think i've tweeted that same message for the last 4 term. those guys keep me coming back for more punishment. :)
just finished watching the twins at target field from 4000 miles away. what's not to like? :d
he is a contract star with brazzers, so he is in many of the scenes. :)
lol your at the stage that you need a $ machine wow--- i'm at work countin all dis $ n gettin all dese paper cutz :)
awww! *hugs* btw your pic tonight is gorgeous very sexy tegski! :)
you're welcome love :)
tomorrow when you buy an ipad you get the sprint overdrive for free or verizon mifi for $50..it's saving of up to $350! can't miss it! :)
i love how i'm super scared of horror movies, yet i'm fine when it comes to horror t.v. shows. :)
what? i'm not on a table yet- that's tomorrow night's activity :)
you two are ridiculously cute together! awww! :)
i just realized u changed your name back junkie :)
wise words--god never closes a door without opening a window--you are young, talented & healthy you'll make out awright :)
lol dang it!! you busted me! can't handle my wine!! :)
#peopleshouldfollow like legit right now kay thanks? :d
thanks! are you following if not, please follow her and tell her i sent you. its for a contest :) thanks!
your welcome :)
awesome #hawaii tweeps to #follow /via mahalo!! :)
great reading :) this weekend i'm reading magic bites, magic burns & magic strikes by ilona andrews
are you guys jealous that & i are taking a shower together? :d
thanks for the rt! :)
thank you. we simply have awesome beloved followers. >you guys give good recommendations :) #followfriday
