gotta have an extra one in the whip duhhh :)
everyone else...i hope ur follow friday was splendid! glad to have ur friendship ...hugz =)
we just found out that my sisters baby is a boy! new excuse to purchase from you. hehehe :)
e aee :d
well congrats, and yes you deserve it <<thank you! :)
#rtthis if you have a #twittercrush <- juss lookn for one :) lol <<---- smh #cosign
guns n roses, beach boys, springsteen... i know you have to have some between innings #baseballmusic suggestions. :)
#ff stl :)
not fully made yet, only a few clips. but i'm going to be stepping it up soon :-) cheers dude!!
¿che pasa? sprinkle in a little socialism here and there :-)
i say a backrub marathon :) i need to catch up on my backrubs!
frida says thank you. it's sofi's turn now. aww she is adorable! like the haircut :-)
staying in tonight. :)
yep! we saw it at the $2 show last week but some of us missed it so rdj two weeks in a row :d
loooooooooool! well i'm kitschai so, yeah! =) but lemme look at z site.
smh sucks well thank god u got it back :)
ooh yeaa? i've been good actually :)
thanks everyone for the #ff shouts.= i love you :-)
aww =) ! lol thank you.
so stuck on photoshop again... preparing some candids for my members blog :)
<--follow the best crystal fan page :)
 rt shoutouts to your hoodie :) < lmaoo ofc !
dad is very caring :) once they are in full bloom i have to put them on porch for most of the time..they are strong.
thank you! just realized you got to witness all my freaking out. :) tomorrow will be a great day!
that's righhhhtttt. and at #1 most requested on :)
thanks for following me :)
awhh i missed you too :'] <3 -- i missed ya way more, you saw the last song btw ? :)
you too :)
what, i smiled at the end lol :)
i got my fuel belt today i loved it on today's run/walk. not too heavy at all. :)
i love when they have the miranda lambert recording telling us to call she sounds soo adorable :)
q:can't wait to see you at adult con! a:yaay :) me neither
everything is wun-diddly-underful :)
thanks for the #ff ! :)
im great :)
it's been awesome :d thanks!
i signed your twitition :)
yesssssss twitter wifeys for lifeyy :d
big up for the follow & love :-)
hi scott, how many people in line right now? will join your line i think :)
i jus needed to say that..but i'm in a good mood :)
just 2 1/2hrs left i feel like its the first br ever :) #moist twugs?
just a little snuffly from the rain, he just needs rest :)
it was a m3.2. : )
hey dems :) it was
tweeps,gmn kondisi arah balik bdg-jakarta,any info? terus ke arah bandara.. tnx all :) |
#rtthis if you have a #twittercrush <- juss lookn for one :) lol <- me dos <- they shy smh
no problem :)
22 nope!!! :)
please sign it'd mean so much to me :)
everyone follow >>> be cool :)
thanks! nice to meet you dev, in kimberly. :d
how could we let it get in the way? :)
lol! this isn't a competition, dude! :)
your welcome :)
watch my interview with the bbc-talking photography & the 4am project of course :)
muah muah brosky :) <> i love u sis!!!
ty for the #ff mention glad you like thr avatar :-)
good luck with everything. i see you working! :-)
alarm set. see you there :)
new episodes of destination truth on hulu!!! my night has been made. ^_^
i knew somebody would feel me :) ...lol
well, that hunt didn't last long. i'm employed! more info to come. thank you everyone for all of your support this week! :)
hbd na kaa p.@afuzz :d hope u have a great day , wish u all the best nakaa ♥ ☺☺/thanks
it was lovely :) i have missed the beach sooo much over the winter!
whoop,whoop :)
had a great time at dinner with the family. :)
damn #shutdown lmao » lmfaao, ily we all knoe that, now every one on twitter knows that :)
:)
jealous!! expecting full report. :-)
i still smile when i hear 'one time' on the tv, or on my laptop. that won't change :) never <3
can u plz follow-->@loveismiley and tell her i sent you and i'll dm or another celeb for ya? :d
thank youuuuu :d
i'll be in touch. :-)
#ff just cause she don't talk to me anymore, don't mean she won't talk to you! (j/k lissy :)
shh, except for me right? :)
nm just sitten on the couch lol wbu? still babysittin? :)
that's righhhhtttt. and at #1 most requested on :)
we're havin' brunch at mom's. i'm makin' omelettes. maybe some bacon too. mom will be happy. no plans yet :)
i was gonna go home but its friday sooo hittin up my fav spot for some drinks! :) #fuzzy ???!!! :))
you totally deserve it!! i agree you are inspirational!! :)
« that's my stooopid sexy lady love :)
i'm saying raspberry white truffle!! it filled with win! :) #perfectharmony
welcome :)
can you please follow please!? she's amazing and i wanna get her to 740 :)
i had seen the wobenzym at whole foods. i haven't priced out the whites :)
i always do :p haha if her husband isnt on then i vote for her :)
can u plz follow-->@loveismiley and tell her i sent you and i'll dm or another celeb for ya? :d
#nowplaying one time jb :)
#now riding in thee car w/ dimplez & marcos going to pick up marvin =) ,
lol...just wondering if that's the recipe to your magic :-)
:) i also think that elvis is really dead & i also wanna know who shot jfk! have a great (& safe) easter weekend.....
yoooo, byrd. i did. :d said to hit london bistro beforehand, but that's logistically impossible w/such late notice.
i'm going to go on so follow me there :) with an _ :d
#rtthis if you have a #twittercrush <- juss lookn for one :) lol
every day, i build my tolerance up for ppl that choose 2 fuck with me :) it's ok. ''they know not what they do" lmao...
you still haven't told me how your iphone programming is coming along...... you have the book.... :d
:) happy to know that!!! :) i luv ya, you know!
agreed! thanks! :) omg! how adorable! probably the cutest lil thing ever;)
hi sisss :d how r u?
get well soon man :) hope your doing well in general
i am :)
:d #follow -one of the sweetest souls on twitter.. tough as nails though.that's why i follow her .. =p
ill be posting 5-6 inch long earrings of the same feathers :)
well, you're more of a rebel than me then! :d you do late nights well more than me! i'm pretty lame then :p
hi jon...happy good friday! :)
looove it :) see u 2nite tokyo!
i think you look pretty good. :) oh and no problem.
filling out luggage tags. i should put messages on them. :)
bestfriends lookin bomb a/f in tht bkgrnd :)
shout out to :) & #ff
happy happy birthday!!!! have an amazing nite :)
nothing really. haha wbu ? both of us are 14 :) lol wbu ?
awww we need to do that i miss u :)
i do like ur work. but im no model, im a photographer as well :)
yeah. i'm with you in spirit. :-)
mmmhmmm lol i just might come celebrate it tho get a lil turnt up :)
yup. she hides her youth well :)
:: omg wat did i do? ha. thats good tho im glad to hear ur doung gooood & had a good day :) miss ya buddy
hey girl! i got my drinks, candles, and shamwows ready :) how r u?
and if you're gonnna twitt limit yourself to dms :-)
just watched the dvd of zombieland! very good! too funny! :)
was just singing down the street when someone shouted "shut the f*ck up!" i responded, "i will not i am practicing for my glee audition" :-)
i will get the hang of it, i promise :)
haha your welcome!! excited for next episode of victorious! what is that one gonna be about? :)
me to!! :d :d ...omg and when you eat chocolate and you drink it with milk.....
u are not betty crocker stop using the word moist pretty one unless u are making me a cake :)
aaah, with an essay done, i can't wait to meetup with for pre-production meeting. :-)
it was genuine treat to meet her in person. doesn't take away from gratitude for experience meeting all 3 tweeps in the flesh :)
ahahah lol!
i bet it does =) my cousins are coming!
what you doing for easter?
me and r going 2 make something like this lolz :)
okayy! now i've to goooooooooooo! :d
ms. dakota fanning sure is growing up nicely. muy muy bonita. =)
several orders today to pack and ship :)
i'm doing mellow..it's all good. :d just a wee glass of red wine.
i can't see u literally.... but stop looking at that girls ass. :) ....and we'll share stories later fo sho.
fine fine i wont. so wuts up? :)
thank you for the kind comments....i am happy to be in your pln too! :)
#ff :) (cont)
finally back to honolulu. :) amazing day!
had a great day with friends, easter egg hunt for the little ones. now home with hot cup of green tea.... peaceful. :)
hi!! how are you?! :)
great to meet you and chat too. tony isn't a social media guy at all. not even fb. :) we make fun of him for it.
yeahh so i did a few #ff thangss & im annoyedd now to try to do tha restt.. soo umm yeah that deadd.. thankk yall tho =) lmao
yes they r :) wooot wooot! thx 4 the shout even after 12 yrs of radio shout outs r still the best! lol! :)
lol :) it's 12:06 pm
ineed 2 find 1 of them =) #zodiacfacts expect sex with a #cancer to be a fully encompassing sexual experience
lol he's a cane corso, italian mastiff :) i'll bring him over this weekend!! xo
haahahha sooo hott!! :d where's this at? lol
yah. why? and cool : )
okay folks.. no idea how i hav managed to stay up so late on twitter... but i shall bid u all a very good nite and a fab morning :) aurevoir
debated retweeting that and adding "posted by staff". :-)
i'll go to italy with u if u go :) lol
2day changed my whole life...---its all good though :-)
lol ya this casinos only about half hours drive. dangerously close lol :d
off to the dvd shop to get something for the kidlings and the departed for the parents tonite :)
haha, i tease. it definitely was a challenge, but still fun. :)
cool,what kind of car do you have? :)
i hate hate hate it so so so much :/ i think you got what i mean haha :d
thank you :) meow!
this is one of my all time favorite pics of and ri....taken about 2 years ago :)
:) classy work by they did some ninja work....now on to the next set.
"show me ur teeth" hehe im good jus getting ready for tennis & gym then gonna go out 2nite :) sorta been a relaxing day!
please follow me ❤ im asking you for months to follow me :)
q:heyy sissy! :) <3 how r u? a:hey! i'm great! how are you meggie? <3
new icon :d like it??
thanks. i can't take credit for that tree, though. it was shot. :-)
great game at rexall!!! 3-3 tie right now, 3:11 left in the 1st. was stealth vs #yeg rush!!! :)
i had peanut butter fudge w/guiness-flavored ice cream for dessert tonight :d
can you please followww :) thanks
adding newbs :) #ff the yoga fellas
morniiing....gym, swim and cook...:)) have a blessed saturday :)
hahh okay :p rofl . omg. haha i do that sometimes. rofl me and bffs that are girls go boyhunting in the mall :d <3
shoutouts for shoutouts? :d
whoa! that's a great photo! sassy and beautiful! :)
if you want me to give you a shoutout! then after, tweet me :)
it does....i just have to see it again haha i was crying too much :d
woo see you here! :)
:)
it was funny 'cuz i didn't even see it until i pulled in to the parking lot. he even fired up the engine :-)
i like nudes in my bathroom :)
about 4 hours away. :) i think it would be great if #vanmeter hosted a conference....would be great to connect again.
=) #ff
yup, looks like an april fool's joke :-)
yoooo angela is my bxtchhhh that is mee all the way ! poppin up on that ass dont playy!! lml ifuck wit her ok lemme get back to the movie =)
lol i juss realized i wasn't following yu back i am now doe! :) //;) good wyd?
calcutta! :) not shrikhand country.
just ate yangs! soooo delicious! :)
lol. and yes it is rob :)
yess .. are u gonna be out here ? :d :d :d
i love a good hug :)
at smokey bones w and the rents.... nice qt time with the fam :)
what? i'm bossy?!?!??! oh alright. guilty as charged. if everyone would just behave i wouldn't be so bossy. :)
thanks :)
on tuesday: i'm going to be having a contest!!!!!! tuesday at 3 pm est :)
well i'm not in love or anywhere near that, i'm just living life like all of you, :d
q:weird questions, eh? i know you love answering questio... a:haha yeah i do.. they r funny :)
mmm penis <333333 yes its me, totally just decided to sabotage your twitter :)
just finishing a burrito from lunch time... itis kicking in... headed to bed #happy :)
