well it *was* that dearie :) xxx
stop instigating marc. wait til it happens to u. and if u continue coming on cnn, it will. "hey, are u tj lemon? :-)
one more follower for 2,500 and then 501 more followers until 3,000 :) thank you all of my followers<3
i used to have 5 twitter besties, now i only have 2 :( & but i love these girls :) <3
since espn only wants to talk about lebitch james i'll be watching my #lakers on fswest :)
bwahaha you still have your x-mas decorations up, that's awesome :)
whew :d whats planned 4 the weekend?
hey :)
#ff this lovely lady :-)
#ff <~~~they're about their business! <~~~and the lord too :)
what a gorgeous sight...from the taco bell parking lot in weed :)
yup! ;-p i knew it!!! :-) licker licker!! *licks you back*
you not picked up the kick-ass soundtrack yet? :d
7863 :) is ur goal still the same?
that song is hot :)
this movie is cuuuute :) hehe
more ice cream! :)
:) i'll second that! :d happy friday night! party safely please! don't drink and drive!
atx bound!!!!!<yay!!!!! bbm me when u get here<-k :)
aww that is so sweet! i love it. thanks :)
haha yeah :)
spending time w/ the fam! i love these moments! soon my sis will be here & we can all then be 1 big happy family! :-)
u got a few of those to send my way not in the collage winner :) :)
yeah, you're lucky to work in sports!!..screw the yankees, but also love jets, mets, knicks,isles, st johns and lavins wife :)
going to home depot-thinking of you-need anything while i am there? :)
ha where yu headed ? & nuthin really just got home :)
muahsz beautiful! ;) gorgeouss <---- new icon :) what ya think?
agreed mami :-) if u dont like haters . . . why be one. hypocritical #females. we dont do those right loves .
hello friends-happy friday night! been cleaning all day and getting stuff together for a garage sale in a couple of weeks. taking a break :)
i know loadsa chris' , and they all are sexy, except of one. :)
#ff this lovely lady :-)
chris brown album this morning. :d have a good day everyone!
im giving 5 shoutouts tu for every person you make sign this!! %$^&*^ go sign!! <<now! plz? for :)
alaska bennett's couch is my home tonight. :) the coffee bean on de la vina is my home until then. free wifiiii
#ff and my partners in crime on plus they're really funny :)
and, speaking of which...i think i need this t-shirt! :)
a lil good night good company :)
can u plz follow-->@loveismiley if ur not and tell her i sent you and i'll dm or another celeb 4 ya? :d
daily lotus ~ follow your heart, trust your gut, speak your voice & dance with life. :)
damn! will inverted grow back as an outie! :) i have a similar story involving a nipple piercing.
on da road headed to #austintx so hit me up rite now if you stay anywurr by durr are if you gonna be on 6th street =)
yess haha :d
seeing why did i get married 2 with the fam :)
nice! here you go: 5242-4131-2363 ... dm or tweet me yours :)
sorry i had to go but i came back :)
work. sucks. get me outta here. pls? =)
thank you for the #ff wishes. the very same to you! :-)
:) it is a small cup overflowing with love after all:) cc:
cool!! well good luck!! i hope your dreams come true!! :)
guys!! ive got amazing news, go to itunes and buy "catch me if you can" and help dream come true! :)
good morning twitzers, hopefully ya'll have a nice day :) !!
im not childish :)
ha it's a cool game though. :-)
ah ok i'll email you asap! ty :):) :)
heey :)
i found a new dream car !!! ♡ :d
it would be awesome if you could tell ur friends to download my new single. its free :)
what do you think about my tweet below? click to like! click to dislike! thanks :)
hello :) how are u? what's up stranger???
going to miku, hoping to cook my own prime rib and trying out a restaurant called nao! :) u?
i like me today! now i am scared to death!!! :(( << why?? i love ya!// thank you :)
who wants a shoutout? i'm happy today ! :)
ok, as much fun as you all are (cuz you are a hoot) i have to go be all wifely now. it's in my contract. nighty night! :)
if you're a belieber :) √
thanks!! :d
you know i will! :) but seriously, when i need some sound real estate advice, you're my man! :)
and lol... nah i don use that word this early lol :d i do use others though! lol x
hah. cool. that was my main concern of course. :-)
; can you please give me a shout out ? i'm so close to my goal. i'll give you one too :d
definitely. i'll have some to play with if you wanna check it out next week… but i have a feeling they'll be everywhere. :)
great doll, enjoy the movie :)
can u plz follow-->@loveismiley if ur not and tell her i sent you and i'll dm or another celeb for ya? :d
oh i have insomia at the mo and im working on some music..and it's quiter where i live at night! :d
going through my upcoming events and wondering if i will see at matrix awards again this year. gonna be a hot one :-)
it would be awesome if you could tell ur friends to download my new single. its free :)
missing your commentary on #foodrevolution and your own experience! :)
me and making up songs lol good times copy paste tweet copy paste tweet copppppy copppppy copppy paste tweet lol goood times :)
goooooood morning guysssss! :)
hey. things are going good. we will be making that annouuncement very soon! : )
#ff my fav twitter dudes :-)
i live around the corner from roger williams zoo, never been, we should all go :)
you know who has always been there for me? :) especially during those bio lectures.
yea, i agree xd omg, it was actually hilarious lol! ha yes! & oh /: lol & btw, i'm glad you're in my twitter list you're cool :)
we're going to king's hawaiian for brunch tomorrow.. you up for it? :)
morning mom, happy perform with om :)
:)
honestly you have to watch the movie she did soooo good i am happy i watched it :d
everyone follow her!!!! heyy, can i get a shoutout for #ff?! :d
low carb while traveling: roast beef & asparagus harry & izzy's in 's town indy. ---> sounds delish :)
thanks a lot! :)
deyy needa let my bae off work like now mkay thanx creeps! :)
#nowplaying teach me how to dougie :) never heard it on the radio lol
thanks for the #ff :) i gotta check you guys out now. gotta check out too
thanks, al! i really appreciate that. btw, is that a pedal steel in your pic? love those! :-)
sure :) i will work on it now
oh new york! how i love you! good seeing you again! :)
#gratitude for the #ff recommendation #solidarity! : )
i'm gonna go with over... let's say 7.8 mil with a 1.9 a1849. what do we win? =)
having fun though :) me n look like some damn saps sittin on my balcony smh #fail
detroit, but moving to california for good :)
nope haha not yet, like 6 months and some days :)
your welcome :)
well i'm back home now but the lake was lovely, i've missed it soo much all winter :)
on the lookout for it :)
me please! :) who wants a shoutout? i'm happy today ! :)
short for elizabeth :)
love you too! :d
you are nice you are getting me a cc and were not mean to me ever :)
probably. the supreme court determined tomatoes to be vegetables, so i guess their derivatives would be as well. :)
those are the best ones anyway. :)
can u plz follow-->@loveismiley and tell her i sent you and i'll dm or another celeb for ya? :d
thanks :d
no problemo! :) my pleasure you guys are awesome,i love supporting bands! :)
wow is online :d please please follow me back? *puppyeyes
wordd :)
i'll send it to you :)
da nada :) (i hope that's right!)
no problem :-)
im good! :) it was 24c today where i live! it was so hot! haha i have this funny story 2 tell u when i call u... well 2 storys
hopefully to something different than the ipad itself :)
are you able to help me get to 700 followers on my other account ? :)
no not yet, just available on the website, for free, right now :)
if anyone ever wants me to sign a twitition, just tweet it too me..and ill try my best to sign it, as fast as i can! :)
thanks! glad you enjoyed it. :)
can you please follow please!? she's amazing and i wanna get her to 740 :)
i have to agree....that is my favorite too. :)
#ff cause her twittname is cahyuuuteee ^_^ !!
hi cin! no pink bunny suit, this instead (via ) #happyeaster< :)
haha u r going on a following spree :) -- i said once i got to 7k i would!(:
nice :)
you're very welcome. i wish i had self-edited and not used the word "great" twice in one tweet. bad on me. :-)
thanks for all the #followfriday twitter begs we stop chain email letters did not take as much storage :)
i dont wanna leaveeee but i gotta go right nowwww i'll be back to hold u down{ trey songz voice}....> 4 u kno who!!-->> :-)
come in here!! :)
life's good, hburs ? :d *bigger smile*
thanks :)
yes it is :) haha i'm
borer to lol
we're here. come have veggie pizza with us. btw the girls want you to come next time :)
haha, that funny! thanks for watchin' =)
boy, you are really good at describing the sunset. i think you should do an oil painting of it! :)
your welcome :)
amy leigh andrews is so beautiful!! wow!! :)
thank you. enjoy. :)
thanks love :) happy bday pretty girl! ;-)
checked menu for alice waters' spicy cauliflower soup w/ turmeric & marash pepper sounds divine :-)
that's wonderful (not the stroke of course!) dogs are so smart great that she let mom know and dad was saved :)
yup, i was right :)
sounds like a good promo to me :) if you're mayor you get happy hour all day everyday :o
yeah my mom and mil were both at my delivery :)
follow back pweasee? :)
no problem honey :)
its all good :) and np.<3
thank youuuuu :d
can someone with lots of followers give me a really funny shoutout ? :d
go ahead, call me fat, but i prefer the term pauline mata-esque. ... mmm that's more like it! :)
aren't you organizing ... it's kind of a given. =)
i think she likes me :-)
worddd since espn only wants to talk about lebitch james i'll be watching my #lakers on fswest :)
if you want me to get you new followers :)
purchasing new songs from passion pit, serj tankian and little boots. recommendations for new music? looking to be inspired :)
ha. :) my brother owns a bar and had todd back in feb. i guess it was good enough to have him back. :)
there's enough room to dance now in my office! :)
oh, i just found out that mr. whipple is your dad! omg!! now i see the connection!!! :d #damnyouzucker! #likefatherlikeson!
good morning all!! :d
its hard.. but niley :)
thanks for the rt! i'm glad to share the information :)
welcome back--i've missed you :)
q:how can i make u smile? fl a:by telling me who you are :)
q:do u like joe's shoes on kca ? a:for being honest .. no i didn't :d
thanks so much, jaclyne!! so glad u like it! :)
#peopleshould follow thank you for the #ff : )
cant wait to see how many views we get once the video stops freezing :) thank u fans. #teamdiamond #diamondgirl #diamondworld
this account sounds like a good idea! :)
:) but....
i am from another country, im from england :)
omg! val! pretty woman is a classic! a classic i say! a classic! :)
you are very welcome! :)
i've always had fun hanging out with christa, my high school friend :d gloria jean's coffee is good, but not strong enough to wake me up~
im down she is like me with the piano and all.. :) loved the performance! <- we'll all make real music
nestle hotline: 800.295.0051. instead of choosing english/spanish, wait quietly for 5 seconds. :) press 4. listen to the options, then 7.
lmfaooo jealous? <---- new icon :) what ya think? (great as long as it aint that shorty pop shit
bobbyjwisdom: he who sayeth nohomo.. thinketh that of a homosexual :)
#rtthis if you have a #twittercrush <- juss lookn for one :) lol <- me dos
#fortherecord this is pretty mack's twitter i say what the fuck i want =)
you still have time another giveaway coming up! i'm late to the party :) #perfectharmony
when are you recording your last tour? i'd like to see/hear it again! like now :)
he's gotten used to the pill pocket now, so one will do :) i have 1 dog and he's temporarily on meds. thanks for the tweet!
:-)
im giving 5 shoutouts tu for every person you make sign this!! %$^&*^ go sign!! <<now! plz? for :)
wassup :)
i created a twtvite for bangalore photowalk :) plz rt!
thank you guys who signed the petition :) means alot to me and all the jay sean fans :d
:-)
vent away baby boy that's what we're here for. :)
my buddy with the red star tats wants me to take some new portraits of him and his street bike sunday. :)
i hate being so close to the milestones!! we'll have the same amount of followers soon! :)
thanks :)
smooooooch. i love you heaps and heaps :)
whether you require my apology or my forgiveness, it is yours. i am your friend :)
hey girl i'll get you some followers now :)
