hope so, and if yes he should do some shows out of the us :d
i have no idea!! i heard he did have a song out i don't know what it's called tho still can't wait :d
alex! please, follow the team!
rt this tweeps! :) #iicdhouse
oh my days...20,000 tweets u shud get a trophy hahaha :)
so beautiful :)
someone was playing footsie under the table and i was, um, distracted :-)
hey follow me please :)
follow our friend please guys !! :) thx ~
haha yeah they are :)
yey!!!!!*♥ ... a buskar a mi bff ^_^
and it's a section on e. badu, i like this issue a lot =)
so true, absolutists are absolutely like that :-)
we're extremely proud of our duets and ecstatic that we could share this moment with you :) #perfectharmony
i wish i could but i can't drink and drive :)
hey :) thanks for recommending our latest application :) hope you're enjoying it :) #gratitude #thoughtpick
wow..i think i struck a pocket of #dwts haters..i feel so home. :)
o damn my bad, lol wrong person.lol but hi :)
it's hard to choose a fav off of my world 2.0 but i guess up and runaway love are my def favs :)
im sick, i aint been out boozing! im saying, go have some glucosamine and stop complaining :-)
b very, very cooool. couples night? we'll include and hubby. perfect. :-) //ha! nice to meet,relz!
hiiii gaga! :d i missed your tweets! :d please please follow or tweet me!!! :d :d i love you sooo much! :'d xo
thanks love :) and yeahhhhhh i was stalkin your tweets and saw you tweet nikki that. haha.
get out of te jeans for sure!!! comfey & something relaxing. since u don't bath maybe sudoku or something :)
yes it's billy joel :) thanks all.
pls follow me :)
oooo i like you its always great to match wits with the word play :)
hurry up to boone then! :)
thanks :) we actually had it taken a few weeks ago and i totally forgot!
looking forward to another session validating how little i know about wine :) hehe
#followfriday is more than pretty cool....she's hot!! and she knows what's going on in the music biz. :)
thank u :)
#ff because they talk about me on their awesome podcast sometimes :)
everything fab! can't wait 2 c ur vids, send me links!!!! :) nighty nite
hey!! we're going to try..we're in the middle of moving, but we need a break :-)
thanks to and for urging me to get out to wc :) i had a blast! i lost my voice from laughing so much!
me either, it's why i got out of the military and got married...much better at giving orders. :)
hey simon could you please tell your followers to follow us :)
anytime, man. you rock, sir. :)
sweet! you'll be exhausted by the time we play buzz :d
in some instances yes! but sometimes teacher must carefully provide guidance. there is no black & white in education. :)
you're the rockin' one!! :)
im on the japanese magazine world karate may2010 yay! :)
very happy for you too. :d still riding the cool foldy bike? i just want to change my commute not in miles, but location: pdx
working on music live! remixing one of my best: mind. :d #trance #music #live
what a wonderful morning. :) dude.. am i in love? haha 多分。。今恋してる huhuhu...
the post office guy here knows those things about me too. :)
awww my special trixanator! thanks for the #ff :)
hanging out with friends, going to the movies, just having fun :) u?
we're extremely proud of our duets and ecstatic that we could share this moment with you :) #perfectharmony
awwww! he sounds cute. pictures please? :)
can u read my mind xd i was watching that earlier :)
thanks! :)
my new hat... :)
that part always gets me. :-)
hey guys ~ morning . here . keep and follow me please ! :) thx .
everything counts! good luck :)
so far i've played it 84 times :-)
ii loove yoou. our angel sent from above :)
ok cool just checkin on you =)
u guessed it correct my friend :) have a great weekend!
the last 2 were repeats, but tonight is a new one :)
"oh hey... i didn't see you there!" ;) lol i love u and happy birthday :d
missin :( , so off to ustream i go :) ...
ty for the sweet mention. i just love your tweet artwork! :)
=) your cute my love
#jonasbrothers are my entire life :)
good times :-)
lloyd ft natasha bedingfield- let me know just let me know :)
what is that food revolution thing you're tweeting about? :)
#ff cuz he has sexyy tattsss =)
(big hug) i'm doing good, my dear! just got back home from youth service. :)
thank you for #ff! i feel the love from all of you :d
i dont use it for that i use it to document what i listen too from spotify premium :)
thanks so much! i love her! :)
lol! me too until i visited your page. :)
musiquinha pelo teu sono.... // ahh q fofo! thankx my friend! :)
and happy birthday! :)
photo: 2bitchezdeep: 2bd original? say yes, pleaseeeeeeeee! hehehe. ^_^
<3! have a good night. :)
sriracha is always a bonus in everything! :) love that stuff!
i'm doing well! thanks for the intro...love it! =)
*giglez* ^_^ thats sweet. hi tee tee
thanks for following back :)
can you please follow me? :)
haha thank you & i'm the lucky one. :)
well.......you are in albany. lol :)
lol suree i qotcha =)
awwww, thanks (blushes) very sweet of you. glad to be of assistance :)
yeah! let's sold out this ! friends, go 2 ! there are 5* & 4 * still avaliable 4 concerts! x :)
ookae :) i can wait ...
#ff this dude named :d
:) lol yeaa i love it
follow <-- she's friends w. justin :)
lol i'll save it for another day :)
since won't answer us have u had a frango?@shanibeegirl wanna know :)
:) u r too kind. ur lovely disposition makes me smile! so witty :-)
you could make a professional frowner smile.
hey lady! thanks for the #ff mention! here's my #etsy pick today: have a great weekend! :)
hi i love you gaga i wanna meet you someday you're one of my favorite people in the industry, from your little monster dayna :)
i'll get 10 more people to follow her then i'll get you some :) thanks for being so understanding <3
hope your evening is good, too, & that your frisbee player is recovering... :-)
