"hardened criminal". is that a pun? :-)
there's a different ones of him, just go to funnyordie.com :)
tx kate good to catch up earlier. have downloaded the catholic cheat sheet app :)
twitter forqhone :) www.dabr.co.uk & thanks s
the beatles 4 ever!!!! totally agree / de acuerdísimo :)
follow me please gaga! :d
btw, i am allergic to gluten (wheat) and i don't eat it all week, then i eat 1 gluten filled meal every friday. :)
hehe! i really like mine. and it plays flash, unlike ipad :d
new video! :d give it some love? let me know what you think!
--i'm lifted babyyyyy. you're love is ecstasyyy. everytime i'm wit u baby, i relapse & i ooooo.deeeeee! ^_^
awww u sick? :( did u see the last song? :)
how are they coming along? :)
i think that you are ahead of me :)
yo ..what's good? :)
ahh i absolutely cannot wait! i am so honored. send it to me asap :)
hiiii gaga! :d so happy you tweeted!! really missed your posts! please follow or tweet me!!! i loveee you sooo much!! :'d <33 xoxo
i know what you mean :)
wow what a treat for pinoy nba fans! 4 nba games on tv today?! 1 on btv, 2 on espn, 1 on solar tv? awesome! watchng cavs-hawks now =) lbj!
can we get some shoutouts? we are so close to 11,000 :)
he's a soft coated wheaten. cool guy. :-)
that is really neat :d
can't remember if i've tried twhirl. don't like change and i have hootsuite set up how i like it :)
my fave miami ppl my boss & my doll :)
beluga heights x a2z x mercury records x island def jam= mann :-)
will do :)
lets!!!!!! :d
so you're not coming to hob for dbt? :) #havefun
puerto vallarta tonight, back home to chicago tomorrow!! :d
thank you :-) i told my oldest he got to meet a real movie star and his eyes got really big and said "mariel hemingway?"
q:fave we the kings song? a:skyway avenue and secret valentine : )
lots! :) we must skype!
coo. i'm on my wau home from atl.. we're in jersery! almost home :d
hehe,,,,, yep,,,, anything!!!! :)
if you like miley cyrus &/or justin bieber :)
i made a date with my precious little cousins 2 color & design easter eggs tmrw. :-)
ur welcome luv :)
i'm a bit twunk :)
hank is number one :d
any suggestions for bgs? i read them all so send me some! :d
understood. only reason i remember that place was because i lived there. other places may be difficult to isolate for me too. :)
meet me in london girl! ok...if it's the london hotel in weho that will have to do :)
omg super nice but so not true :d ...at least i dont got wrinkels on my neck :d
yes, sir...maybe manana. :-)
yes :) it's on tbs-hd now.
yayy i'm so happy! :) your silly words have been drowned out by amazing ones. in the end, i win, you lose! ahahahaha ohh shit!
:) :) thanks! there's actually relief we feel b/c nyc puts so much emphasis on middle school. have to get the girls in the right 1
bubble bloopers tomorrow! < yay! hope you're having a good easter weekend! :)
agreed. but this is bangalore. we have so little to hype about! :-)
thnkk u =)
it looks like frog soup on the top of the pond water..they're gliding everywhere! :-)
:d for tell your buddy "thanks, %%$&$%!!&&@!!!!!!!!!" :)
they are just jealous :)
wooo girl ill tell ya bout some darkies :) u know how i do haha
yeah, but you rarely over-pay for a laptop. that's a key feature of the ipad. :d
there are plenty of people i'd like to kick but i try to refrain :) hoping it's gone when i wake.
oh lol i meant how many more for you...but uh thx for reminding how much longer i've got! gonna rock in fetal position now :d
thanks! :)
yeah i have everything working now just going to update the whole thing since i started and drop eclair_1.3 _mt3g/g1 :)
please follow me gaga.. i love love love u. u have been such an inspiration for millions out there inclu myself. :)
#ff my chaco taco aries lady ^_^ (imiss yu !)
thanks for the rts :)
congrats u made it safely what part of fl do u reside in finally made it to daytona beach : )
ain't read my bible all day............bout to get it in, den i'll be on twitter to chop it up wit yall. =)
have a good time in san diego!! you're in good company :)
haha nap is good! i just got done eating dinner :)
my night got better. 2 thumbs up for rock n sake :)
good evening! :) what's up?
loving your phone photos. i feel like a stalker. but, i'm not. : )
you're welcome and thank you also :)
i've been offline all day so i'm behind but i'm glad your mom's surgery went well. :)
on his: blogtv. :)
:) thankss ...being nice to me tonight eh? lol
the social crm accidental community has a community on facebook now :-)
i'm a new woman... i'm starting to not care! : ) and it really works for me #unstoppable
shelly's getting married! got the save the date card in the mail today. so happy for her =)
just updated my blog --> :)
#ff ==> && ran by #dmvsfinest! :)
ah i hope you follow me! i only tweeted once but please follow me :)
i love all the funny pics you post. brightens my day a bit :)
goodnight all hagn :)
why thank you! :)
hope you love the album :d
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!! june baby june! we are going to celebrate your birthday in style for days :)
rt: prolife social network we are prolife !!! join our family :)
#wishiwasthere :)
but sometimes...typos are funnay. example: staxy. :)
those eating habits need a...lets say...re-assessment sis :-)
i have that tongue picture as my cellphone screen saver :)
go follow it's her bday :)
just check back regularly (i'll do that for you, too) and if they start to go down you'll know you have to acttt. =)
im doing pretty good and you? :d
you're amazing. please follow your little monster, always. :)
o...i live in maryland. =)
hank is number one :d
how i work: i tweets containing #etsybot to help promote etsians! i retweet every 30 mins with a limit of 4 tweets. dont want to annoy =)
en route pour mtl pour le reste du weekend. youppi!! :-)
hanging out with my friend lauren :)
thank you! wish you were there to join us it was pretty yummy! :d thanks for the mention!!
happy birthday :)
ffh is up! early users please test it out and let us know what you like & do not like about it. :)
