and he's okay :) #allhailkingjames :)
:) we don't do the bunny thing (nothing against it), but we like giving gifts to our wee ones in honor of our greatest gift.
no joke... its just took my kid 4 minutes to fall asleep! thats the kind of day we've had!! =) hi !!! i'm here!!!
haha i have grey eyes too! :d
#ff --- all about the love of his life music :) ...and y'all need another german to follow!! (follows back)
time to raid grams house for goodies! :-) she buys double everything jus for me! my aunts hate that lol
taking my boots to the footy :) #twitpict
madness. but great madness :)
im a lefty :d
gonna buy my tickets now!!! wow thanks so awesome!! :)
exactly, anything is possible :) i hope you achieve everything you set out too x
indeed it is. not sure what happened there, but planning to get it fixed tomorrow. i appreciate the concern! :)
thanks for the #ff chica! :)
hell yeah! cavs over lakers in the finals 4-3 hehehe =)
that's the other thing... i hate coffee!! :( i'm runnin' on excitement right now! :d it's better than caffeine! :d
did anyone get eaten? :d
hello! :) when are you visiting us in the uk? xd you should go on a solo tour here :d i'd love to see u live! xo <3
best part is that when my dad and stepmom drove us to go get her, they ended up buying a dog too :d
happy birthday neng have a great life darl.. :d
we do like you :-)
duuuu... of course bring dem, dey are in for sure!!!! :)
i didn't know if your previous tweet was a la carte or prescribed order :)
:d
gonna watch a movie with k. might everyone. :)
*raises hand* i'm next!! lol :)
how about all of them? does that count? :)
wow cool thanks for the shout =d ... most twitter track love i have received yet :) ... that track is a freestyle jam w/
20 shoutouts gets us 0 followers :d
hey mac! if you ever need a pic of you from like wireimage or getty images,etc let me know i can get em :)
we are stuffed!!! great food here at cabo in noda! :)
and that right there, is kristen stewart signing my magazine :)
watch my interview with the bbc-talking photography & the 4am project of course :)
omg!! haha! i reached 10,000 tweets. dedication >> besties. :d
cheers bud! :) beautiful photo essay guys... i'm floored. *claps*
we have some pretty exciting news we have to tell everyone... :)
saindo aqui, até mais twitters :d offline.
having a twitter account doesn't automatically save you from being a loser :)
just saw you in some rap video :p they showed it on dateline.. love u :) xox
there's a party in your tummy... yummy yummy, yummy yummy! :-)
i'm mad at omar, personally. :)
otw to pim..gotta wait for my brotha to pick me up..wake up otw!!gonna watch happypop at sma telkom..woopwoop.. :)
u joined the list :) be a fb fan and get auto entries for all future contests and help hospice :)
both of our signs are great :) #teamlibra and #teamaquarius lol
of course we did! we're cool like that :-)
yup :) do you wanna do 20 for 20 instead ?
big burly fireman carrying out a tiny kitty. so proud. :)
yes, the griffin iclarifi. it was my case for my 3g pa, it has a slide-on macro lens =) altho useles now coz 3gs lens can do macro
you're one of my examples to follow, chica. you're looking great! sign me in for healthy dinners, please :-)
check back the following weekend at the mountain brook art association sale for an oil portrait :-)
thank you so much :) i hope all is well with you. let me know when you get a copy and what you think!
please #follow me :)
there's only one :) .@shoq do you mean of boingboing.com. if so, she's brilliant.
at least that's my opinion. :)
awesome bro. i'll be in contact with you. :)
#scoutshonor
lol give her a kiss from me!! :) dogs are such great friends!
injoy your eve of freedom :) you were in top notch form giantstep in miami btw, i woulda said hello but you were super focused!
yes, as a matter of fact i have missed you, and i did notice your glaring absence! :)
ha! very funny! i am available anytime for bike rides :)
you will not! and then you can be like me :d
you love me :)
real-time results focus attention on social media :) social media marketing consultant #socialmedia
my first housewarming present! thank u glaceau vitamin water! :)
rode 9 miles in 45 mins and felt good. had a much easier time riding home. :) thank god the weekend is here, i've run out of podcasts!
#ff my bestie for ever and ever :d
curious how many will be presenting on ipads or hope to :)
i can help u wit dat lol : ) reminds me of how they used 2 stare at me when i started shopping at neiman marcus
boo! well, i guess that's fair :)
you don't have to worry about that happening. :-)
sleepy sleep time, will reply to all replies tomorrow :) x
rest ! drs orders ! :-)
she's mostly self taught. although i can see the competition bug starting to push on his letters :)
me too.. #nickandthead i think we should trend that... :)
ill have bout 20!o_o have a great time tonight :) have ten shots for me.
everyone who i sent info to about a compilation cd, he's taking entries through april. northwest stand up!! : )
congratulations! that's great! :)
2,985 what about yours?? :d
dm sent proof: :)
made this for me :) thanks for your support!
{post} my re-cap of event in la last weekend. super fun & informative & there was lots of graffiti :)
i'm surprised that there's even five worth of the honorific i didn't think there were any honourable men/women left in politics :)
shout out go follow :)
< follow :)
don't forget to vote once per day for 's doggies . let's keep this party barking!!! :d
wow amazing :d yg followersnya diatas 1 !
omg! itv1 hd is now on sky hd. get in there :)
thanks for the mention! glad you like it :d
heyyy what's good girl :-)
i know!! cardio!! :)
if i don't go to the bay i do! :)
looking just like her father, you're gon be in for it lol <3 god bless :)
q:u sexii as hell shea a:thanks darling =) don't lie to her lmao
i have your cd "kellie pickler" love it please follow me! :)
no, whatever gave you that idea? :)
ah you guys like!!!! im so so freaking glad!!!! :) thanks so much!!
thanks skyler :)
what's for dessert? :)
haha, everyone follow or my cat will claw you : )
hehe, yes the braces are better now thanks. little by little, every day it fades into the background :-)
thanks for the #ff ! :)
:) thanx and how was your night?
