#ff back at you ladies! thank you for the love! :)
7:00 p.m. at 2150 s. canalport :)
now you are scaring me, wow, everything has a place in your fridge ? :) http://twitpic.com/1cqxk6 inside our fridge
let's make it happen :)<-- yes ma'am. will hit you next wk to set something up! excited! : )
ty :) #followfriday
my hometown! say hello to memphis for me :)
ask me anythingggg! :)
drunk? happy hour? shot? hot guys? anything is possible with :)
#listen { no drop love, is ever wasted } song to heal your soul =)
prolly end up just playing call of duty on ps3 online alone lol add me xqueena- if u wanna play me :)
hey, thanks so much for the rt! :) it's very kind of you!
good morning tweeps, have a nice daaay!! :)
.@katwalton (who, coincidentally, knows *boggle*) said the same thing wrt bachelor father :)
waste your time buddies :)
glad to hear you're doing great. :)
lmaooo! yuuuup <---- new icon :) what ya think? -i dig it. and i see sumbodies cleavage is increasin. lol
#shoutout2dagirlz on boobster :)
seriously?? i knew it was sometime in spring. wow! i'm glad i asked!!! :-)
upgraded my seats :)
at least its 75 and not 40 :)
looks like a wedding vid! ie warmth & good crowd :) here is the #kltwtup requiem video
yesss! yayyy! nice try. maybe next time :)
hey! nope, i was off today! :)
quizzess... :/ they are very interesting even though they are very perverted.. :) lmfaooo <3
participate in mydomain brand.me and win 1000$ apple gift cards, #domains, #hosting and more :) plz #ad
thanks luv :)
enjoyed your blog and am incredibly impressed you drive in the us and ny at that. brave woman :)
i did finish the last song :) it was so sad i cried twice i couldn't believe it :/ that was an amzingg book
just saying :)
"i'll put you in a wheel chair, we can act like old people in love." oh how i love him. :)
haha! :d i do that sometimes.. :p ..what kind of chocolate do u have??
ss hoee :) (via
me & about to meet up with and the crew its time for "laughs &fun" :)
woahhh cool... he followed me on my old account :d
haha i'm just using twitter, ikaw? :)
10:30am is japan time. good morning. :)
thanks :d i luv ur tweets :)
tried =)
maad luv 2 tha nu nu's: but love! :)
don't spew into others negativity...oh what a world it would be if we didn't have negativity...be blessed :)
oh and i strickly mess with the people who put me out in their #ff earlier today. thanks i got yall covered with a list :)
ok i guess i'll make you a bg :)
thanks, followed back :)
one less box to ship up to qld then! :d
please say hello to your second fan site :)
we do have our limits tho. we don't like our farts. anymore :-)
wait til you see the next one :)
you're welcome, it was my pleasure :)
ive been walking around with my stoned mates -_- funny times, but you won't get me having that shit! one of em has quit now :)
thank you =)
ffanks for the ff :)
yes! bless you sweetie :d
can yu please sign it'd mean so much to me :)
i repeat... i don't think u'll do it :) dnt test me. u could be a next victim ...trust
also...thank you for the ff :)
who can get me 3 followers? :)
hehehe :)
rofl well i dunno those people are but i think im following them but okay. amen too that :d
please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
you're welcome, sweetie! it's handy when there's a lot going on :d
#ff anothaa new lil buddy of minesss ; ..shes not as young as she looks in that picc.shes really oldd as dino shit! =) lmao
and now snuggling up to watch bubba hotep. what a perfect night. :-)
its ok... thank u! :)
i had no idea thats what you were doing. you should have taken a pic of me biting my nails while looking at my screen :)
check out just bought a bunch of feed bags for gifts...1 bag= 1 child fed in school for 1 year...sold & online :)
go follow --> <-- now :d
thanks :d x
moonalice "somebody to love" cc: ♫ ~ awesome!!!! :-)
yeah!
montreal wins, 1-0!
i'm off to bed :)
moonalice "somebody to love" cc: ♫ ~ awesome!!!! :-)
;) sooo i heard you killed the cooch-iiii<< that i did :)
no problem, no disrespect taken! glad it inspired you :) you're welcome xx
you forgot the kid from a christmas story haha...make that 19 demoralized animals in bunny outfits. :)
follow now ! because i said soooo :)
yay for the 1st bit and that sucks for the second part! i love pick me! :d
so excited! we're in #adelaide! :)
graciasss #nice <---- new icon :) what ya think?
um, i was in empire! empire! in the summer & fall of 2007. i recorded a track on the double lp and the 7" :)
another session with the morning side tomorrow brighton seems to be realising where the best music is made......! :d
lol ok bet cus idl strangas :-)
where the hell are you? antarctica? :d
ha, wooops, i was late to the party :)
what ya up 2?? :-) oh and i had wanted 2 know if we kould finish that phone konvo we were having a long time ago. ^_^
our team can link up with you dc xd well i'll be at dragon*con this year. :) can't make it to comic con
thanks boo :) yeah u did dhat
i knew that #midgetporn was scary, it got my laptop too-there u r! :)
lol! and you're stuck in the middle! ignoring is probably best =)
big up & trinity was goin off now 4hrs sleep then sweeden :-) r u ready sweeden???
no underwear subway ride (april fool's 2010) :)
and all this just cause i said i agreed with u on the pope :-)
sure i will :)
i hope so :)
mission i'm on my way!! :)
omission of mr. jones.... nice :)
hahaha, hoping i'm not to far behind! :) i'm wanting to follow in her footsteps! :) xoxoxo!!!!
its mad to see your music touchin people so much they have to touch other people, got me feelin humble right now :)
o rlly?? y thank you :) *schoolgirl giggle*
bg means background...like a twitter background...ha :) i just need to know if its a bg or not cause there is a size difference
lol i'm always nice, sweetie pie!! : ) be nice!!! you and need to behave so we can start the party!!
yay! i am going to float home from work now! thank you :) tgif! have a wonderful weekend!
for sure! she'll have lots to say. if you saw my interview with her on b/r, she's really cool and very hilarious too :)
i'm bout to get on the bus to go back home :) lol
:) u my only baby
shoutoutsss ? who can get me 3 followers? :)
it came back to lifee :) batabingbataboom . whats upp ? <-- watch that .
i'll stay tuned :)
i want your car then! :)
have a special story to write inspired by you, after this trip. hopeless while on the move. :)
i'm doing great! just got home from seeing hot tub time machine. haha. so good. and i'm pretty sure we have the same bio. ha :)
yeah! it was the best b-day ever! thank u!(39) u were sooo happy yesterday! happy day after ur birthday!!! :)
right on thank you so much :)
wait...did you say hot sauce?? hmmm...hot sauce always makes things better. =)
my favorite netflix tv lately: friday night lights, head case, everest, news radio ...umm, i'll think of more :)
i don't see why not :)
yes, i am a chick and i love to fish – eat it! :)
bath time! :)
heyy girl!! just wanted to show u some love and say i recently got some of your makeup! i love it!! :)
an all time fav. thk u dear :) nature boy – nat king cole ♫
i think if we lived closer we'd be there more often =)
spring break!!! entertaining two kids for the next 9 days. wish me luck. :)
#jonasbrothers new icon! :)
always liked that song :-)
whether you require my apology or my forgiveness, it is yours. i am your friend :)
#shoutout2dagirlz who might be a little sprung #thatisall #byebyenow :)
hot cross buns for brekkie and lunch. a shot of espresso just cleaned my clock :)
haha yes this is true :)
hi! i'm 15 yrs old & hve
been disabled all my life, i sent u a dm if u care 2 answer me :)
thanks for spreading the love :)
i met another heatherface online so i offered to make her a subdomain on my site. i'm so nice sometimes. :d
speaking spanish to our spanish flamingo ministry! :)
♥you♥ are super awesome~you are super cool~ you know how to make some1's day ultra special too! good job!!!! ur pal mazey :)
haha yuuup we backkkkkkkkkkk lol ;) 2 more weeks! --- i'll see u before then i'm sure :)
np. was awesome chatting with you in person. :)
who wants a free icon!?! tweet me if you do :)
if you want to be followed! :)
i feel as tho bartenders never quite give me enough alcohol, so i like to serve myself :-) im trying 2 get over this habit lol
ik i told zach to get ready bc once it gets reallly dark i'm jumping in :d he says i'm crazy but he'll follow hahahh
and hit up at www.onsmash.com "if u truely wanna get #based! i swear the papi should have his own show :) #sodmg<3
#listen { no drop of love, is ever wasted } song to heal your soul =)
made aziza, and i an incredible meal :) feels good to be home. so happy!
can i get a follow back sweetie? <follow follow follow :) <<- -followed
yes they do. just toooooo damn busy this weekend. :)
thanks for the listings ladies :) you both seem to be list-happy tonight!
thanks, lady :)
also how you been? :)
yea, my office is close to aura, primos, frankie's, christies... great location, right? :-)
#peopleshould totally join my free fanlcub :) and follow and :)
i feel like traveling to ct just to strangel someone :-)
welcome hun :) how old r u today?
you mean you're not don lemon? :-)
hello :) rb "vi@deann >>hi all it's "rocking down the highway" with deann tonight cuz "life is a ... ♫
what's the #tt? let me take the piss looooool! i'm ready! :)
there is a german chocolate cake calling my name right now ... hurry up and finish baking, cake! :)
i hope you're not worrying yourself sick :p i'm home safe and sound thanks to you :)
oh yeah! i have see yours!! totally know what you mean! :) i will, i promise.
mom asked me if my republican hubby really believes #hc reform is "armageddon" ...uh, no :)
good to see you guys too! :-)
what the heck! i know you're both still showing up to me :d so, #twittergood? :d #twitterfail
its okay :) cuz taurus is in may too andcb is one:d
feelin like bein "reckless" tonight haha :)
i'm off this thang b4 i hurt sum feelings i enjoy being a nice guy tho... bbl i love yall :)
i can just mail u a foodie charm 4 being fab :)
about to play our cd release. i'm so happy to see everyone here! can't wait to play and then hang out :)
your welcome :d
yeahh aquarius and libra are compatible lol :)
best kind of cheese is the kind served with wine :)
you can be the torch bearer. :) you had me at "cocktail olympics"
haaiii...rt hallo :d
sure :) after im done with someone else..
yea i know .. haha :)
das' how dog owners cry, with their noses. it's a dawg thang, dawg!!! :d
congrats on hitting 3,000,000 hits!!! hope another 300,000,000 hits will come real soon :d
just watched last night's #survivor. umm...@cheaty, sorry to see your guy go. but like i said last week... #bestplayerever :-)
ok, everyone says this i am sure, but i read your name in mick jagger's voice. thanks for the #ff. :)
he's actually kinda cute too :)
i love where are you now!! :d
have a nice weekend !! =)
twwiiiist!!!! :) i got you!
on now! damn, rachel's having some of my faves on tonight!!! :)
hmmmm.... honestly i haven't a clue! :)
haha. i love this. :)
it's all good!! :d
you are the sweetest : )
awe! glad you're having a ball! btw, loving the pics! lucky a**! =) enjoy it doll!
you look very nice on ya avi :)
new bg made by :) !thanks soo much:)
sure. you can dry. :)
thanks matty!! :-)
hahah :)
mici :) vas tu twitpicer ta new haircut?
please follow me back :)
nice! looks like it's going 2 b another crazy nite #vanguard 2nite. had a blast last time i was there (crazy nite).... :)
hopefully it works out :)
could u pls follow me ? it would mean a lot to me :)
i'm jealous squared! enjoy sir paul!!! :)
please sign itd mean so much to me :)
you seem to be in a good mood sweetie. and that makes me happy! :)
awesome! that makes me look so much cooler hahah, youre really good :d
heyy please follow and tell her i sent you, its for a contest :) thanks!
i was brought up by siamese cats, so is second nature to me there's so much that must be just demented to you :)
