hahaa :) hows yer day goin?
i know you said not to say it, but hospital :) if you don't go, put peroxide on it !
plz follow us were bieber & jonas fans who want the fighting to stop! :) #jonasbieberpeace
lol i made it myseelf, i think im just gonna ignore it allc ause im not just here for shoutouts & dms & stuff :)
thank you :) #ff my girls
one reason. its what he would have wanted :)
#backintheday busted were the coolest thig going :)
you're actually right, thats the right formula, bt for grades less than 15%, error is less <= 1%. we're good. :)
can't wait to see what the creatures are up to at 4am! :) x
jealous! enjoy :) !
:) thanks for replying. i confess to having done it very occasionally... in private, of course!
gonna do a cover video to baby post it later :)
hello! :d welcome back. :) i did! i relaxed all day today. :d how was dinner? :) x
are you getting an ipad this weekend? you're going to make pandora the #1 app, right? :) [blog: ]
lol ok deal :) / deal! going to eat a snack to hold me over, lol bb in a bit ;)
:) ;)
dear john add just came on !! :)
hey :) how are you?
i expect fun tweets from prom. :)
:-) who's been tweeting and dming joe babe and won't stop babe?? yeah i'll try my best but like i said it's busy as last leg xx
cool i'm looking forward to checking it out. :)
i follow and really enjoyed her #fridayflash this week: read and #fridayfollow. :)
i'm using the crutches basically as weaponry. in case my physical therapist tries to make me cry. thank u for the prayers! :)
they're the best :) every one go to city walk tonight at 7pm to see !!!!! these boys know how to rock out !
yep i get that now. when i set up the site tho, i didn't :) at the time blgrs were flocking to other sites ... sigh.
< here is another one for y'all females who say y'all love my eyes =)
happy easter to you too :-)
woohoo! congrats on the wt loss! that is damn impressive! :)
have a good one mr nail :) setting for the solo gig. starting to relax a little.../ from me too!:)
ye yeahhh! i am :) this if you are canadian!
what are you doing following tech people thats my job haha ps sorry :) cc
10 for 10 anyone!!! :)
i agree but i'm trying to reform :) ...... you should be eating choco marshmallow eggs & peeps!
oh shit thats cus bowwow be knowing who his wife is lol thats how it is sometimes :)
lol i know right!!!!!! lmaoo! im getting my hair done tomorrow tooo!!! yayyyyy! :d
hey :) o u were smiling at my friend? oh. well she has a boyfriend so... what's up w/ me and u? #awkwardflirt
follow me taylor (:--- ok :)
enjoying the tascam dr-07 digital audio recorder a lot more now that i can hear the sound it records played back :)
you're looking good in the splice trailer ! :) (horrorsquad.com)
oh yeah i think we have the agp planned and a 2s sometime this weekend :)
going to galway tomorrow :)
i love purple, too. :) you've got some lovely content glad i found you
feeding the kitty cats then watching "twin peaks" with in my basement lair! later, my lovelies... :)
happy birthday pattie!!! have the best birthday ever!!! love ya <3 :d #21
ice hockey's on :)
come request songs 4 me 2 sing (broadcasting live ) :)
yooo this picture im making is pretty hot :)
thank you! :d
coloring easter eggs with maddie :)
because cough is catching abi worrying me :d
really good insights. i enjoyed it. had planned to write serious, but was asked to go with funny. it was a kick! :d
& u sweety? :)
i follow the most amazing people :-) #thankyou
castle tiles is now on the itunes store: buy it now before you get your ipad! =)
sup :)
oh :) right that's enough of telling me what happened! haha x
haha yeah scotland (: i've always wanted to go to usa it looks awesome :)
happy birthday to one of my oldest rl friends here on twitter! :d hope its a great one!
have a great weekend, all! :)
i love kissing my boyfriend =) can't wait to make food for him after work!
happy easter in like 2 days :)
thank you for #followfriday :)
just finished making about a dozen necklaces including two for my red tent jewelry line :) i'll see if i can get most of them up tonight.
seriousness u 2 lie this bitch stole my hairdo!! grr! keeshes! :)
i sent you a yt pm, let me know if you got it, if not, i can dm it to you twitter :)
listed :d but can u follow? i follow back <3
art on the blvd 2night from 6-9pm here in town center. stephen ward is our featured artist. please stop by & look the amazing art work :)
dinner 2night: shrimp & veggie tempura. homemade calif rolls . i have happy (& full!) family! <<& drooling tweeps! : )
hey babyyy :) (#souljaboytellem live at )
i have been told they're not, which is why i was asking neal for clarification :)
tlk to meh :)
yay! #foursquare is working again :)
followed :)
haha :) sorry okay :) so no disney : woman lady gaga & ke$ha. men : i really don't have :)
omg yea i like it a lot :d
the fun thing about having dyslexia is everytime i see a tweet from you i automatically think it's from mariosexxx. :)
i'll invite some folks tomorrow :)
just booked a room at the capitol hilton. dc, here i come! :-) < i'll be the one in the purple thong with the mask on
thanks for seeing my clarity :) #shabbatshalom!
that's cause u r fine :)
caribbean women make me =) >> shout to trinidad women << will be going home soon.
nanu nanu muck muck lackum quitum muck muck! :d
yes you have :) lol. so u like justin, huh? -tay
whos still online? <-- me me me :)
follow me please :)
wahooooooo....that's the song :)
yes! i just wanted to make sure you were cool with it =)
omg ur pic is totally pretty .. =) its awsome
thanks for all the #ff love :)
:) he wanna see me wiit my stilettos and my t-shyrt
try going right to my site my mobile settings are set for bb so you should be able to grab it :)
anytime :)
lol digipen is a school in redmond, washington for people that want to work in the videogame industry basically :d
great job man! keep up the great work. you should maybe even start a section showing sites that use 365psd stuff. :)
thanks for all the #ff love, the rts, and all of the positivity. love to y'all :)
oh yeah, i forgot about the noise probably only cute for about five minutes... :-)
i held on tight :) did you totally fall apart? ;)
i doubt it might be a little weird, right?? :)
such nice weather in atlanta and not much pollen yet! i love it!! grilled chicken tonight on the new grill :)
can yall do me a favor? :)
i'm impressed btw, w/ oasis, looking forward :) #catholic
aw thx! :) a 'fingerslam' is when somebody pushes their finger down the urethra of a man's (cont)
yeah it didnt go through! hope you order em :) i sent out the shirt!
if you want miley to join twitter again! :)
hey what up :d
our new shirts can ship anywhere :)
going offshore fishing tomorrow!! leaving at 3am. gonna bundle up buttercup! :)
i know. i make it all worth while. you need to try harder though :)
thanx :) i'm going to the folks house now that i've gotten hold of the gf to watch my son.
thanks ;) #ff thee 1st celebrity i ever met off twittah »» ;; he's a real ass nxgga & i like that :)
. you're easy to remember any day :) no more biting dogs ok.
i didn't! i'll make it up as i go along! :-) what did you decide?
thanks :) x
going to attempt to install bleeding edge smart platform from github without help. let's see if those docs are any good. :-)
yes! get it in! :) ok, working out. don't feel like it. feel guilty if i don't. will be proud.
oh shut up yes it is :) haha if it wasn't for you we would have like maybe 100 right now.
that's fine, i can absolutely relate. i can't find my ass with both hands and a gps today. i'm not going anywhere. :)
=)
come get with me :-) lol
become a fan of yourmusicsource on facebook! :d rt?
oh thanks for clarifying :d
my sweet fiona is getting some new sketchers that she wants. sweetie pie. :-)
hey! np :) thanks for mine too! and i sure do wish i was his wifey lol
haha!! i could use one about now =)
you're welcome sweetie! :) great! you?
but i always respect everyone's right to do as they please, to each their own ... :-)
cool, i just saw your press badge here in the k stack at wondercon. :) will you be attending this year?
thanx for the follow.. :-) looking forwarded to working w/ you...
oh? just catching up with yesterday, or is it two days ago for you? :)
♥ kisses kisses kisses...i love being kissed. now i need a man to kiss all on me. :)
lmfao ....moseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee :d
:) u cute boo
q:kstew will be at the oscars next year w/ her man on her arms :) ... a:hopefully
no, you need a sharktopus stuffed toy. :) ooh, or mouse pad...
you are welcome! thanks for the #ff! :)
yup its my 1st time! :) wait so you're back from canada already?!
that wasn't an easy on to do my friend :)
i follow the most amazing people :-) #thankyou
hey tweople!! =)
can u follow me back? :)
i am thinking like soon :d <3
oh yeah? yay! :d
hehe , hey you :)
lol!! shockozulu :) ~rt well lookie who is now using his real name not some (cont)
so glad you love it! that took a long time to develop! :-) loving the limited time white peach flavor!!!
my word is veritas :) #smallville
one ends tonight still time with people away not that many people signed up :)
great post for april fools day! :)
woot woot !! text n vote crickets lol. unlimited votin text new to 79922 !! n =) !!
ask on her fs :) gogo!
u like em too? :-)
ask o'reilly :-)
lets all take a moment to realize that justin beiber is not a trending top right now ! the world has hope haha :)
i do. i am very blessed. im trying to stay sane :)
hi everyone: hi everyone, i've been browsing this site for a good few months now, and at last (obviously :) ) deci...
thanks a lot :)
awww haha thats so good ! :d ahh god sound like your having so much fun, hows lloyd then ? still being a diva ? x
i'll probably be updating my #relevant10 list again tomorrow to catch anyone not listed. :)
lol thanks im so excited ive never been on one beforeee :)
that's sorta tru although there's nuffin negative about those traits :)
fachel no ar =)
your rewrites are a gift. any author should receive them with open arms! :)
congrats on the win :) its a good day in the roddick household!!
i'm on tonight. live from charlottesville, va. //yea!! :) one of my favorite people !!
:) thanks! but such wonderful crazy! :)
hee hee! hahaha :) show off! :) --->rt my #ff fav's enjoy!
not sure i heard she got in big role in acting,got intouch with few celeb and try worked with right people! =)
if he could see the beauty of your heart & still go..he's clearly not your romeo. :) #thesinglewoman
he is sexy right ? lol :)
flipping through m magazine and who do i see?? my son enrique!! he's a rockstar just like his mama :)
my nails match my shirt today :)
#ff --> <-- she's a sweetheart :-) & loves too .. #teamkhleo
right! you guys were lucky: i need help meeting the band. :) #kissconcertboston
thanks for all the #ff love!!! xoxo! :)
ohhhh thanks! i'll check it out! :d
lady gaga on :)
lovely. another coconut cake :)
— thank you both. :d
yeah... we'd be ok with that. :)
u cud be right. my preperations 4 the apocalypse have not been fully thought through. i c where i may have gone wrong now :)
can you do me a favor pac :)
aha! well, you could have just renamed yourself and kept the same account. :) are you a public tweeter or still private?
#ff she is such a lady ! :)
thanks for the great interviews, marisa! =)
thanks! :)
yes quality time w/my bb is the best! :) that's it???? =d sounds chill i supposee. i (cont)
uhm, so yeah, some random little girl waved at me! :d ahaha that made my day for some reason, lol!
kay . i love youu ! :)
1 follower, shout outs please :d x
that happened to me when i was pregnant. anything you need to share? :)
happy easter to you & your family :) we will bake, cook, eat, rest & eat some more lol! yes planning for egg hunt sunday. xoxo
<---- great follow!! thanks for the #followfriday :)
there's four of usss :) -tay
:-)
is my best friend in the whole wide world at the carnivual :) are
yes!! i know and i love it!!! :)
#followfriday all who follow twitter rockstars! <--- thanks tony :-)
more of a necessity. i have enough creative endeavors to keep me stimulated :)
the coolest celebrity i've met at wondercon so far: i'm kidding, he's just my buddy. :-)
i'm surrounded by some amazing people, that is for sure! thanks pheebs :) x
