yeah!! :)
200th tweet.. :d 100 tweets in one day.. lol.
hi!!!!!! how are you????? :) can i ask a little favor to you?????
i get to see three times in april. so excited :)
i'm late to the party :) #perfectharmony
awww was at disneyland in paris :)
lol..thank you :)
haha okay :) i will tell you for sure!!! :d <333 thankyouuu (: and byeee for now xoxo <3
search for lovinlloydd's channel on youtube :)
i did a few (very few) changes to the files would you like me to upload them ? i am making an avatar maker too :d
thanks for ff shout out! :)
thanks for the #ff love, everyone. :)
no i will later :d
hey what's good? :)
cuz i wanted to say hi ^_^
wit my sis then going bak to see kenny rey again :)
i stay behind on tweets till i'm caught up. :) i'm just now starting the 3q. :)
right down front for in rochester! and i walked right by hoping for a pic afterwards. this is gonna be great!!!! :)
texas, wat it do ? wat the bizness is ??.. -- i'm here !! :)
i have the best friends ever! my good friends are in disneyland now & bought me a park series 4 vinylmation! :d
all good. all good. :)
shoutout for shoutout? :)
check the policies page. there's one there. :-)
hahaha thx. n that even tho i do a lot of smoking and drinking :)
already following =) <3
lmaoo, ayee watch ya self before imma have to shove curry water down ya throat!! don't mess with the zohan :)
check your dm! :)
can u plz follow-->@loveismiley if ur not and tell her i sent you and i'll dm or another celeb for ya? :d
got both :d tossed you an email shortly before that tweet
i think i'm going to say " i want a hug from the fearless curly blonde :)
#peopleshould follow me cause ur timeline wnt be sorry!! :)
thanks...my husband {@trlayton} did it. :)
sanibel is 's favorite place to be!! loves 2 shell in sanibel =) how wonderful!!!
thank you! :)
yes! in the meantime, enjoy my fav subtitled teen drama :)
i would make a reference about the priests looking at someone else, but that would be inappropriate :d
auuugghhh! thax 4 the #ff :-)
oh, not weird at all. that's just me at lightning speed. i meant the latter definition though i left out a syllable. : )
yes i did :d it's a pun !
seeing muse and silversun pickups :)
hopefully getting my car valeted before work, then after work ime getting it ready fir the autotrader :d
i'm off to bed. stayed up this late to play ffx-2 & i'm now completely exhausted! night! :) xx
you're fine :) i think it's awesome that you wanna promote a band that mch :)
thanks for the follow back :)
life is so much better when you surround yourself with people you love :) <3
lol i can't lie, i love being 18 :)
get it babe. :)
bout to eat a light dinner ugh i am still stuffed from early today then more updates :)
sounds like some somebodys cooking up a pot of karma :)
q:u super thick, pretty and hella smart… how do i get at u?... a:sorry i have a boyfriend. =)
welcome. :) how are you doin ?
aww i'll send good & warm weaher vibes ur way!! :)
going to sleep .. had fun with my family today :d but now exhausted
hey !! #ff cause this niqqah is the ultimatee clown.. def b havn me crackn upp erryy dayy on da timeline :) !
i am :)
besokpi bru paskah syg :) nup selamaaat paskaaah ...*telat* hihi
pre-ordered it at barnes and noble 5 minutes ago. i think they guy though i was crazy :)
ngantuk, mandi dulu ah,have a nice weekend :)
thanks for the #ff! :)
will u join the photo campaign? 2 help those with disabilities we would love to photograph u! :d
hey here u and shudda came :)
okay :) so how`s your night going? doing anything fun?
you're welcome, my master. =)
ok...ready to pass out from all the sunshine and gardening today...but just got texted by the cousins! may have to go out :)
i look like a tomato.. but it was welllll worth it! :-)
well the movie is :)
i was going to see the last song but i couldn't wait so i already went last night :) ...are you into chick flicks? be honest
thanks, you are just so lovely and kind and and and. :)
but i wanna see what they say :d
have a happy easter, gary, jay and joe don! :) god's blessings to you and your families always! :)
i know!!! i can't wait to see the last song! i love that song :)
sad that the from first to last concert was sold out :(, but happy to have spent with my brother! =)
at home!!!!!!!! =)
segun no hubo terremoto en republica dominicana! please :)
:) i'm sure you'll find something to fix it lmao
"the reds, whites, and abused", "thank you happy bunny :d rb happy holiday!!! :d rb@happy_bunny: "... ♫
follow me if you want :) thanks
#ff :d
vegas!! pink cup thanks to :)
yu kewt..you my new tweetheart!! =)
:) the shows alright but i <3 the boooks waaay more :)
i got the job!!!! =)
ahh that sucks, at least you'll be able to achieve it though :) and you're not much older than me anyways so its all good
go follow she's amazing :)
is a alien! :) just like me! :)
only the strong survive =) its all good bring it on!!!!
:) i miss you too love
hallo morning all :)
beg him for it! and i did it :d ahh my dad has not :( yeaah my dad has paid the (cont)
haha! it's the (kinda) part that scares me... lol!! :)
:) i find this amazing.
i see your true colors shining through :d
today plans : back to bogor, have an english test, watching w/ awesome plans... heheheh :d
oh, yeah. totally fine. just a bit annoyed at my parents, but it's all good, really. :) thanks though. :)
thanks! :)
dying eggs with my cousin :)
qem curte paramore da :)
hi there! i had a nice day in lujan... very beatiful city :)
if you want me to get you new followers :)
any man that say's "google me" is gay.. #yeshomo :)
crunk glow in the dark mini golf :d
thank you :)rt follow! :) (cont)
yes, i ship to canada! :)
i'm up early! gonna help out :d
