sorry. twitter is a whore and unfollowed everyone. followed bback<3 :)
i think i got to all your guys formsprings :)
ha!! very very excellent point!! that's why i love ya chica! :)
glad i could help :d
yay! ^_^ fuck bono, that's my motto.
were usually out late afternoon in yaletown, msg me if your down :)
that should be fun :)
mauuu !! :) you owe me roast duck northbridge,
tap tap justin bieber sounds perverted... :d he does have a perverted side! yesss! it has finally shown itself :p lmfao
i was right. :) i am so smart
oh that's cool :) do you like going with them?
appbrain looks sweet. i use 3banana all the time. i also love solo. lots of fun! :)
yeah i do :) and of course! thats the best ride there! :)
its :d i co own this and i love yaa peary<3
well then tell your bf to bring you someting to eat :)
oh my lol wel am livin in stanley at the min witch is county durham but am from kenton :-) lol x
anytiiime!!! i only sent it to non-sucky artists who you'd be happy to be associated with. : )
awesome...we'll definitely have to hook up on thrusday. :)
no :) just saw the truman show. can someone explain to me why jim carrey wasn't nominated?
thanks! :)
:( lol haha me too lol well i gotta go :( ttyl love ya peace out brotha! :)
some breakfast before heading out :-) food's great!! leaving tomorrow!
nice... i avoided the police. :)
lol when the hell did u do thisrt with she is the best :-* <-- :-)
by the waythat discount tire commercial w/ brad k & jeff hammond was filmd abt 2 miles from my house :-) ^ o sweet #tweetcrew
i think that was the point of the quote. jerks in every group. :-)
lol aww your welcome...and you can also do shapes with different numbers too if u try them out ---> ☻♥ ♦ ♠ ○ • ... :)
#ff -> <- her omg shes so beautiful . ^_^
chillleennn...how are you love? :)
#ff :)
heyy ..waahdupp =) ?
its about to go down... ┌п┐(•_•)┌п┐ utah all day :) #lakers #lakers #lakers #lakers #lakers #lakers #lakers #lakers
lol naw it's my little shoutout trick and it works :)
thanks for the #followfriday guys :)
thx bro. tapi gak bisa kebuka yah? monggo dicek gan :) courtesy of
q:wow ur really good at this a:haha i no :)
hahaha well i love u so much that im on the plane right now and its jus aboutta touch down im waitin on u at the airport :d
lol i see you having a ball! grownups have more fun than the kids sometimes lol :-)
you rock! thanks :d have a great night!
haha now ur trying <3 she will answer you :)
hey is wondering if u can follow them bak? :)
it's open but a work in progress for april. grand opening may 8 :-) is that the gallery?!? omg, it's awesome!
by the way well follow back everyone soon and reply to all of you :)
thanks, joelle. :)
thanks, so anything new happen? :d
happy weekend! venusday holla! :)
i was just pulling your chain i know :)
q:no qustionbut i love twilight!!! a:don't we all =) haha
you could buy me a new guitar :)
thanks for the update? :)
the party tonight is in #dc! i didn't get the memo. :)
thanks victoria!! thanks for keepin me posted on that :)
i'm ok. just been stressed with a few things but nothin major. you can still come snuggle and feed me starbucks and dessert :)
first fridays! :)
i deleted my previous backups (one was corrupted) and it fixed it. then it backed-up & installed new version in 10 mins. :)
i do :)
it was...for a number of reasons. life is currently very good for us. :)
i hate my ponytail.. i prefer my pochantas straight look :) (cont)
#twitter female power rangers :-) #followfriday
yay :) i'll send u my bbm facebook
yeeeees!!!! great city! i love atlanta....and atlanta loves me. :) #bestfeelingever (via i'm glad you agree!
let me know too when you find out :)
yhh, goin ends todayyy tho :) , mmm fried fishh mann, im dribling
yeah. im canadian i like maple syrup :d #lolsugar
my wife is now considering to put her kindle on ebay tonight :)
hooray! the gang's all here.. :-)
: ahha. im done know :)
uh oh! may 7th is a private party. :-) but i'll have more cali on the calendar soon!
i am proud. very. i may also be a tad afraid to tell you that i am eating ice cream for dinner. :)
well then go back to tweeting your peeps junkie :)
nice! have the best time eveeeer! and me too :) it's my fav city in the world.
lol- i like being alone with chocolate :) #perfectharmony
thanks :)
goal for goal? mines 4,080 so you dont have to ask mine. :)
beautiful night in orange beach ~ :)
sounds good :-)
yes! :d i am terrible with suspense.
follow please(: <3 bonnie and clyde don't have tobuide as much as we do... we do! :)
hey, thanks man :) i released for iphone /
noooo it doesn't start till monday. :)
i posted the recipe on fb. i tagged you :)
please follow please :)
naaah, that ain't my fav, she was too much pain! but i do love her. =)
you are already z-list! you gotta move up the charts! i think you need to come out like ricky martin! :)
heyy again! :)
ill come say hi at tantrum :)
can't wait! :)
if you follow >> << i will dm justin, caitlin, ryan, christian, cody, pleasure, and jessica :)
ohmygosh they would have been busting a gut watching me. i had icicles hanging off my beanie :)
if you come out to spearmint rhino las vegas tonight and tomorrow night of course you can :) xx
thanks love-change starts with us 1 person at a time x many = change :-)
end of the 1st quarter: 5, 4. #nll. go rush!!! :) #yeg #lacrosse
no need to apologize...gooo get it! :)
haahahaaah she is coming to walmart. wth my life. :)
shall we give a ring & see how she is? :d
yes, yes you do :) my kids would love it too :)
lol she a groupie? :d u got a game this weekend?
shoutout pleeaasee ? :)
tap tap justin bieber sounds perverted... :d he does have a perverted side! yesss! it has finally shown itself :p lmfao
yay! sounds like a pretty low-key day :) and i'm hoping to be on tomorrow so i can tweet with you a bit hehe
i just signed up for a business account with yelp. now i am waiting on all those reviews to come in (yes, that's a hint) :-)
oh. follow :)
is so beautiful, we need 2 get her more followers :) !
guess who's as cute as a button?... you are :)
#ff "the whole crew" roflmmfao :)
10 minutes until geekmmm office hours open in our private chat room. looking forward to chatting with my single geeks! :-)
.@hardknoxfirst but i would give up my iphone to live in the country and mountains any day! :)
#weirdoosassislike the only reason i still use twitter in hopes of one day a twit pic slippen out :d
i was quite well behaved today...even with impossible neighbor :-)
hey hey que ooonda :d
q:it's been a past for a while a get a flas... a:thats miley cyrus :) um... botton of the ...
i hope re-follows us again :) haha but a girl can dream right ?
yea i do. its "the hangover" :d
i love going to the dentist. she still gives me stickers :) #random
heyyy girl! =)
i had a feeling it was =)
wow is a big deal and iv only just realized it :) and she's following me! whoooh i feel cool now :d
what up :)
please please please #follow me now :) and to all the haterz shut the fuck up !!
guilty :) but what else is there to do for 5 minutes???
you're set with guest list :)
bol!!! yep, absolutely :)
okay honey bunches of oats :)
you look so cute in that bc business photo essay... awwww. :)
watched alice and the wonderland... i actually liked it alot! :)
having breakfast the cafe, hotel mulia. so happy ada kimchi, i've been craving for that since forever kayanya :d
heyyy :) hope your ok!!x
hehehe masa sih nakutin? makasih yaa...,tp itu ceritanya happy ending kok :)
hi carmit! what do you think of this dress? i picked it out for my prom! :d :) <3 xo
for all those who thought we finally got a law firm dog, we're not in topeka anymore :)
what's good for tonight?! :)
my twitter friends, tq for your mention : )
i added youuu. :d
hanging with the wickedly sexy such a sweet cupcake. : )
i do too! :)
yes sirr good to hear :)
thank you :) see you there.
hiyaa . jsh lookin for new buddies . :)
meee :) your so pretty and talented (and thats not bribery to get a shoutout ahaha)
:) so u can teach an old dog new tricks & it feels gooood:) let's choose success!
i have to agree with it totally doesnt :d
some challenges are best left unchallenged! ~ yup that is a lesson i learn over and over :)
hey i need your help. can you look at kayy_chan's tweets and tell me the things she said about me? i will follow you if you do :)
is on stage. atl love. :)
im gunna dm justin & christian for whoever follows right now ! theybe both answered before. tweet me if you follow, gooo :)
should really tweet me back :)
awesome! ^.^ thanks =)
back in miami, going to apple store on lincoln rd. first thing in the morning to pick up our ipads! :)
thats so awesome 4 you both. in person & not on webcam that i saw back in jan, will be oh so much better. don't hurt him :)
awww thanks :d
thank you for the #ff! :)
yay, back!!! :) no more twat jail!!! :)
hi robin! :d do you have any new projects that you're working on? i love+admire ur work&choreography! :d you're awesome! :) x
mini golfing; & vs & me. girls own :)
it's okay :) maybe next time! do you wanna hear the song anyway? i can send it to you.
bed rock ! please sign :)
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :)
why do u negative tweets but not positive tweets =/ the onli b word u are is bomb :)
welcome. :)
haha, alright for some! :) i feel guilty (i shouldn't do really) when i lie in late when everyone else is up. haha
follow now :)
ember, maag gue jadi makin parah :) re: non-stop work.
aw, did i miss at #fridayoffice??? we need to coordinate next time so we have time for more than a quick hug :)
spent last night gg thru my old tweets..its no wonder my friends are worried for me..sorry ! no more emo-ing =) awesome me ish back. lol
#ff thanks & <3 to #lost :-)
i wouldn't be in that few. i have no humor but love it! :) well, i do follow a few fluffies...for comic value.
i love you, guys. all of my 2,900+ followers :)
thankkssss i'm luving da new icon pik!!! <---- new icon :) what ya think?
or who :-)
boarding my last flt into houston getting tired but the go getter in me must keep going! :)
hollllla at my new followers!! say hello!!! :) :) :)
i love all the pet pics. they are beautiful and make me smile :)
annnnd his girlfriend in real life's name is brandi :) lol. now look at me! lol
heey :)
cool :-) indonesia.. i wish i live in canada.. lol..xd
i will fight the temptation to stuff my face with cadbury eggs and 4 sure watch!! :-) you crack me up! xo
watching funnyordie.com videos lol :) you?
lol awww karaoke is so fun! it's a great time to just be plain silly! :d
yes he will! just check out www.justinbiebermusic.com and click tour dates! :)
too na lista ? \õ/ upper west side here we go :d
wow, there are so many toads outside my pond. it's really loud out there...i love it though :d
#ff =)
made it over the pass & the road is good again. :d
we had a blast! i have been in a total nsync mood all day. watch tour dvd's back to back, i miss that :)
thank you for helping me :d
watching the "degrassi" ......1st time ever watching it :-)
i am 10 new twitter friends away from 25000!!! who is my 25k twitter friend???? hmmm 25k tweet me!!!! :)
thank you so much for the mention. that was very sweet :)
cd be skiing year round on the main slopes at this rate :-)
reds is my blood.. ynwa :)
we're doing the same :-) though we will make easter cookies tomorrow night to have on sunday.
it was really nice to meet you toort oh my just got home and met a very cute tall boy that lives in my building. :) moooohaha
no problem. i'll email you as we get a little closer to the release date. :)
i love you kat stacks!!! :d
uh oh gettin readyyyy! first dress of the spring!! :)
great job on 2nd and 3rd for happy and grampa :) <3
if you are tired that justine bieber is always at tt & you want #theworldlovesjemi as a tt :d
hanging out with my fam its my mamis bday : ) my uncles are sooo halirious when they drunk
if history tells us anything, ipad apps will start dropping in price as more apps hit the market. iphone apps dropped by ~50%! :d
im warchin a bunch of moviez! i love friday nites :)
