everyone follow he's awesome and so nice :)
a surtent amout of min but if you want to call my house like last time you can :) <3
he's entitled to his opinion...he's wrong thou :-) if he starts doing unethical things or a jerk to ppl who dont deserve it.
was up hun :)
that's definitely a win, but i was expecting something that was a bit more exciting than a sandwich... :)
im going home... i dont feel too hot and i need to save myself for this coming week !! :-)
show da maria bethânia fds que vem!!!! :)
i love and and and :) favesssss besides taylor lol :)
does anyone have an mp3 of megan's song? that would be so lovely :)
welcome! thanks love :)
here it is :d
looking forward to it :)
thank u so much haha u got me like 4 new followers :) everyone follow her and sign her twitition!!! :) <---------------
about 35 minutes from now. :)
they saved a cat!! :) just now!!
ok :) cool...let me know if u do something
#followfriday <-- many thanks for the mention, good lady. how's the night-following been recently? well, i trust. :)
well asap ... hoever deadline is the 30th of july! :)
sold my car! :)
#ff mii personal follow dat asap plz nd thnk u =)
yeah you both should come..... :)
if i got it, spread it, boy i know you want it. :)
can yall get me to 1895 followers? all the shoutouts yall give me ill give all the shoutouts yall give me back :d
another haiku about 'wine'? ... since that is the throw down word today ... maybe later :-)
thanks for the love :) hey there! how are you??
catching up on email, twitter, and tumblr after a crazy last two days. i've got a ton of new followers.. say hi! tell me about yourselves :)
whoever has tumblr plz follow me :) ill follow back :)
lol, you guys, such wild tweeters! :) #perfectharmony
we are going to have to think of a way to appropriately twitter celebrate (twitterbrate?) our joint birthday! :) #party
's new shoes i got her :)
is a sexay lady! :-) #verticallyblessed #ineedashower #bunnyteeth
u love us tho =) i didn't realized i followed so many youngsters...lol!
oh! thanks for the clarification! :) hey wats your website's pagerank?
just spent 45 min in the gym now i'm in the pool. rt~ looking hot/sexy. xoxo :-)
i agree. :-) real love is liberation.
r u talkin about the school carnival they had lasdt year?..that was sick! :)
please follow tell me if you did and i will give you a shoutout :)
:) rt: rt: yg lgi cari pacar dong :)
what facts? i think i'm missing something lol :)
go somewhere else :)
for fb..adding so many reqs ea day...thx all :) glad to make it home just now in the rainy windstorm we're having here in vanbc right now..
have fun!! do you get to be there for the opening? make sure you clap for the people- we love that :-)
aw thanks :d
#zodiacfacts #gemini most compatible signs: leo libra, aquarius, aries :)
followed :) thanks for following me!
:)
i love anchorman :-)
omg thankyou soo much!!! :d
we support you as much as we breathe! ♥ =)
thanks for the #ff everyone :)
haha! they are dangerous! :)
i would be too, i might not be able to meet him either its fine :)
thank you! :d
heyy boo! hope 2 cu tonight! :)
luv the evil bunny :d ... evil bunny, trix are for kids...
true. i'm into honesty. :)
yes i'm here until may 4th. afterwards, ny. i'm always down to shoot. :)
big *hugs* to anyone still up at this unearthly hour i'm of to listen to some pink floyd :) night all x
q:sometimes love comes around, and they knock you down just get back up... a:knock you down :)
hahaaaa. i should sleeep! but i dont wanna :)
im finna be on twitter for aboutt 10mins cuz gotta gett readdyyy ! soo hiit mee =)
uuuum lets talk about life. doo da doo life is good :) lmao jk. what do you wanna talk about?
oh..cool! :) i like taylor too but i also like demi lovato and boys like girls
ask me anything! <3333 ill be comppletly honest! spam it with 34595434 questions if you want :)
okay thanks :)
i am super giddy to get an ipad. :-)
heyyy reenie :) long time no talk loll where have you been?
hmm i think i will have to sleep on all these ideas :) .... get back to that evil work of yours, jun taxahashi!
#teambobbybillions , you fucks wit it ? =)
the egg haha, now i'm entered to win 2 tickets and backstage passes to the miranda lambert concert thursday :)
good luck with your project. let us know when you get'er done :)
guess who's as cute as a button?... you are :)
ohh samme. one of ur activities should be textingg me ^_^
i heart you my nurse :)
u missed an amazing experience earlier :) lls ..never left the country and came back in one day lmao
goodnight :)
who is excited for easter??! i am :) chocolate! eggs!! bunnies!! xoxo
thanks :)
#twitter power rangers :-) #followfriday
:-) ok, ok, convinced me2 go out 2nt so....meet me at club ampersands tonight! n wear black!!! all black!!
s'okay bubba. me loves me some shruuemp gumbo, pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried. pineapple, lemon, coconut... :d
my laptop is revived! :)
having breakfast and a gamble before back on the bus again :) (@ tropicana casino)
:) the more efficient a force is, the more silent and the more subtle it is. mahatma gandhi
good :) so wuts up?
was treated to dinner tonight. my life is good with pork tacos & guacamole in my belly :)
follow me?:( i wuv u <3 haha wuv :) i do! pls follow me!<3 wuv wuv wuv!
looove the new videoo, stunnner :)
sorry just thought of it-- randomly.. haha :)
q:you are awesome :ddd <3 a:thank-you! and your awesome too. :d
i hope you don't get a defective one... :)
i love you.. and still really like you babe :)
omg u actually followed me :o omgg thankk uu :d :d :d :d <3 <3 <3 u made me feel special (a) haha <3 :d :d xxxx
i know! :)
heyyyy :-)
this picture makes me :)
heyy sis!! just got back from shopping got some clothes. :) and guess what only 8 away from 300 followers! wat u up too?
thanks soo much :) <33333
tasty ass! whoa, i broke 2000 followers :d thanks for followin'!
lmao!! anyway.. =/ im hungry.. who wants to order me chinese and pay for it? just gime ur credit or debit card numbers ^_^
but you can beat it this same time :)
listening to this great funky jazz band called the bill murray experience in greenwich village. :)
hey kinsey, sorry i didn't saw your reply a while ago lol! i'm back now are you still here? :) clara
yea i get that a lot lmao, i wana be a writter just see how it goes :d yeh i sure am =/ its gone now thank god,
weather report says it will rain! some more u watch from platinum paddock, why must worry, bukan hillstand! :)
florida is going to be amazinggg =) ali u better get ur ass back from toronto so we can partyyy!
heres and easy pop quiz! will like this one :d
good night sweet:) 'could click?! thanks :)
on sectionals now. nearly caught up again <33 love #glee so much! might audition for #glee season 2 as well :)
i made your follow friday list?? wow thanks :)
i'm not even supposed to be eating but hear i am scarfing down cake in pain.... i'm such a #fatass lmao hey at least i dnt gain weight :)
bobbyjwisdom: he who retweets another mans sexual tweet shall be that of homosexual prowess < i dunno, sounds good :)
q:hi a:hey =)
i'm taking a break too.... :)
that could be a good thing? :)
i'll make sure to throw panties on stage when i check out a fe concert. just kidding :)
driving east to pamlico county. i love north carolina :)
idk why youve never been to but im glad you found it :)
ahw thanks :)
:)
condoms & guns seem to go hand in hand i'd rather have em & not need it, then need it & not have em :)
yes omg<3 lmfao that was a good one. :) bieberload. ahahaha. & text me:)
every time i look up from my iphone my kids are playing with their nintendo ds...everytime :-)
made the reservation for tomorrow evening, we are going to carne vino in the venetian :) wish you could come too <3 it dinnertime
great job on the 5 mile walk today... walk or run, you burn the same calories per mile :)
thankyou for following gurrrl, i followed back :) xx
list 4 list? just tell me if u listed (ill know if ur lying) then ill list you! :)
she's a serial eviscerator, and i believe she has struck again. #maddow// you would be correct. :)
u guys should totally follow if u do ill give u a cookie! :)
ah, i understand :) i know that kind of feeling ... but the ride sounds awesome, & am most excited for you!
books i got to read todayyy :) looks twisted. let's see if it keeps me entertained (cont)
sure did :) i had a lowkey mission last night, i'm sure you still got it in...lol
haha , thanks . girls must alw be clever to protect themselves , yes ? . :)
preach it .... even :)
are u from america? :)
thank u! so, whatchu cooking? :)
i really like the headboard :)
thanks for #ff! :)
lovee youu :)
now that would be cool!!! :)
adorbs! i became a convert recently too. :)
this is going to be the longest weekend ever waiting for the call/email on monday.. ahhhhhhhhhh :d
played golf with my son today. he thought he could take the old man. i shot 79, son shot 87, but he out drove me on 17 holes :)
cuz were not all gunna be together tonite...lol okay :d
i'm not trying on purpose, i swear! lol. :)
:d #worthaf this easter special used to scare me witless...
#kobe with the three year contract oh wee baby wait for all the rings :)
kimberly i have to talk to u lol :d
in the studio with jayb august and iota goin in.... /via < i see you boy! get it in :)
oh really! i love you! pulling up the website now :)
i just threw up a little bit in my mouth. :)
watch, comment and subscribe please :) love you all !!!
the hell she is! xd :)
did i mention i'm on #ipad :)
waiting on so we can have some drinks alfresco.. =) what a beautiful night..ahhhhh...
yes, please! :)
you're the world's most influential person gaga! we all voted for you at time.com! :') love you sooo much. :) *squishes*. xo <3333
hehehe ;)rt rt: rt: yg lgi cari pacar dong :)
just thinking about you :) and loving these guys!!! ♫
okkkk. said slowly. lol.. i've been #twittermarried to for a while now :-)
all smiles i love all my followers and the ppl that for me :) hahahhahaha
hence why you can use your ds there and get up dated stats at the baseball field :)
i completed my upgrades 2 days ago fam. all is working perfectly now! :d
as well there should be. now to get the feds on board. :)
everyone go follow --> <-- now please :d
that's right..take it like a man :)
it's been a really nice day. i'm hoping that carries straight on through until bed-time :) i'm glad that you're feeling better!
i miss you tooo! :) maybe we can get together after easter! when are you in la?
e7na elversion elgded mn elparents :d
#ff :d ♥
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :)
not sayin' the cowboys are world-killers, just that we beat the eagles three times last season. :-)
dont liek thai food.. we ate left overs :)
making cookies with my sister :)
#ff :)
i'm good! happy to be done with today's work! :) how u doing?
guys plz follow --> if u havent already <3 :)
ahahha!
made 2 tt,many replies,& was featured on a radio interview with brooke scher & many autograph for my bday! =)
no thnk u! lol ur welcome :)
currently building the html5 port of quake 2 (http://code.google.com/p/quake2-gwt-port/) this i have to see first-hand :)
thanks so much!! #ff :)
btw there's a buyout in vancouverrr :)
fact#14 i am short :d and proud of it (:
just downloaded. :)
that's great, tricia. i know your one of my top moms to follow! :)
you'll see the pics in the next month :)
micheal kors is an asshole. but he's funny :d
you sure are milking the whole day light savings thing aren't you? you go girl. :)
:) back from vacation!
and aww thats cute glad you got an olly hug :)
your welcome :d
renting out a room in noho. anyone interested or know someone who is looking for a place? fully furnished. month to month. hit me up :)
fair enough! have a great weekend lady. :)
yeah im one of those 97 people mitch is following :) it feels great :))
thank youu :)
ha ha ha! somedays that is so true! :)
awhh! well i'm on spring break :) im rlly excited for your album you have no idea :d
thnx so much for the mention in your #ff! :)
ok if you dont like it then unfollow me.. just saying..i cant change who i am :)
