gonna sit on the idea a few more days, but i'll prolly pull the trigger on it early next week :)
i lve them all thanku! :d sooo much hha
thank you very much for the fun #ff, greetings for you. :)
brad paisley and lady gaga should go on tour together. i challenge you to tell me why. except you, because i told you. :)
lol. thanks a million!! :-)
next weekend. :) come! :)
#ff the fuckin man <-- nice! thanks doll :)
you're quite welcome! wonderful compliments to us by lynne, and i was glad to share them! :)
heading to kl now for a bonia event tonight with anita sarawak....wow.... :)
meeting ex-in-laws for dinner. i am so lucky still to be able to have a good time with them :)
well, thanks again! i'm really excited, and looking forward to tomorrow whatever happens. :)
guys if you want to follow you..go tweet them. k thanks :)
; thaank you ! :)
hellooooooo there! we're in the same city :) hope you're having a nice holiday!
tbm =)
#ff << my wifey 4 lifey =) she beautifullll follw now
does work with kbm? so excited won!! :) :) congrats to your bobcats too. :)
haha :)
i'm a jay girl! as in jay cutler :) but i used to be a jordan girl back in the day!
yeah maybe ill do lunch or dinner ther with some bh friends :)
no problem :) how are you feeling?
yup yup..join us ! =) we're all late anyways ! hahaha (say meet at 1030 at vivo....er...lol)
thanks!!!!! :d
thanks hunni :) i think people should deffinitely stop smoking around me so much.. yeah but mine isn't..
ice skating with my friend alex! scary! but fun! :)
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
is spotlight ur brother or just friend :) ?
lol! i have been watching the church violist say stuff and crap for about an half an hour! so funny! <3 :)
how funny i already signed up! :) #perfectharmony
ugh! pink! *bleh* i loathe pink... but if you must. what can we do to turn you pink? :)
in which state, mr knox? it's a long road :d
thx 4 the rt! :) btw, wat color r u?
plz keep voting for adamlambert at the 2010 time 100 most influential poll, drag it to 100% plz thanks :)
yes i do after the movie :) ill come to u
yea i know. =)
still look adorable though :)
thankyouu !! :d h0ws it goinnn?
if it's anything like the ninja movies from the 80's then i'll love it :)
thankks hun your the best ! =)
smhh uu for playinn ball like u kno how to.. ! .. dnt play w| the boys if u not a boy.. mmkay! =)
haha oh well there's a lot of community talk on my feed that's for sure! :)
finally! chillin' at home on a black saturday morning. :)
and you rock on "community," btw. :)
i'll let you know when they are on a national station :-)
agreed! :) <3
ahahaa yeah. oh well i can pay my mum back with birthday money :d
resources for #iwb interesting mix, wide range, with brief description :-) #librarians #nswk6 #edtech
:d haha how many does that make today? 4 or 5?
:-)
why did i get married too! :d
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
coordinate with all and let me know what is finalised. :)
strip club and have the dj playout the justin bieber album :d
love the new default. :)
thanks for the ##ff love honey bun! :)
hello. i think you might be thinking of samantha sang. she did vocals on the original version in the 70s. :)
us old folk used to call it pacing oneself :)
ah, you've all gone to bed! just me then. *tweet* suppose i better hit the hay too. night all x :)
is like yahoo pipes except calls it "crack pipes.: heh. :-)
can you follow please i'll give you a shoutout :)
shower and sleeping i think :) dm me for my number
well casey told me to spam you.. haha follow :)
i didn't know you like taylor swift haha :)
yvw :)
thanks! followed :) and listed :)
that's why we need your help :)
i shall prepare some next time:) we can only shoot on sundays or mondays because of our schedule. we will plan something :)
hahaha- thanks for the #amish rt! :)
and i'm keeping the shooting skills honed :-)
now following hola miss :)
why not? =)
w. the bro : )
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
sounds good. have a happy one! :)
hey u :) im the hardrock... where you at this weekend? i'm headed to the palms for some playboy charity auction.
omg. they leaked pics of you in high school! lmaooooo. :d
you are totally in the #traincrawl! :)
love is love queen.. hope all is well. if you know what i mean :-)
oh nico! it was banging!!! have u keeled over yet?? #talkingtomysistil7am...lol :)
ok thx...awesome :)
so true babe! proud to call myself a victorian :)
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
you've recently changed your avatar haven't you? thanks for the comment on the blog. i answered your questions there :-)
awesome news!! :)
well there u go! lol! i enjoy the drama! :d
i'll be sharing my thoughts & exploring my ipad live tomorrow at noon pacific. :-) funny about riptide!
awww :) yeah she reminds me of my mom od
you are the most influencial person to me and my niece. :) you should check her vdo dancing br!
so freakin' cool to read that is going to do p90x. yes, i got my arms crossed like an x :)
:) true i guess.
hehehe! :) #ff that hot guy or girl you saw today. just starting following them around.
missed u maria! your presence radiates in my timeline :-)
gurrlll you cannn siinnnggggggg <thanx hunni :-) xx// =d xx
watching dexter :)
sure. i'll post both recipes on my blog and post the link :)
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
hehehe. i like the way ya think! :)
thanks for the #ff! right back at ya! :)
haha..nahs..don't like clubs at all =) and i'm trying to cut down on drinks ..makes me have a tummy..haha
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
wepaaaaa !! she got a donk :)
oh i know exactly who you need: the mcconkey co. easy to find google. hope that helps. :-)
does anybody happen to know if california or oregon has a "korea town" that sells manwha and jared kimchi? just wondering :d
maybe i should have ask are ya'll staying outta trouble :)
so tastyyy :) at workkkk again. bored again haha
so i'd say it's more segaish :-)
catherine oxenberg. -- yes! quite a hottie back then :)
totally. and yes, very lucky! but i'll be blogging lots of pics and videos tomorrow so stay tuned and you'll see :)
heyy follow me back? :)
anyone going to adultcon? i'll be there signing for teravision, come say hi! april 9,10,11 : )
my bad i'll work on that u right =)
thai...these crab cakes r uhmm delish :) but i need more food
will do! :)
i am too? hmm how funny i already signed up! :) #perfectharmony
me too! ^_^ and i think u owe me a drink! #jussayin
yep, 6 of us sitting near each other. fun, but like you, waiting for a solo concert. soon, pls!!! :)
thanks sis! wow :-) have a good weekend..
#invaderzim marathon :) |smh, lmao okay
isss ok, i'm fine. i feel like i've been thru a washing machine tho. :) tomorrow is a new day. :)
hey follow your friends :-)
didn.t i tell y.all 2 follow ?! goooooo click follow :)
neil just told me the hills in california are "majestic"... just thought you should know. (via lol! what a nerd! :)
feels so good to be taking a friday night off to do what i ♥ &that's to dj! spinning a private party@caesars absolute suite! wish me luck :)
yes, you are. :) love him hard, sweetie.
can i have a shoutout please? 3 to 1000! :)
u should let me loove youu. :) <----i heard that!!!
congratulations! he is precious!! let us know when you figure out his name! :)
me if you havnt please :)
but who would not respond to your text, that's their lost :)
i would have come to your bbq! damn....but we would dance to your music now. glitter&heels. kiwi bitchen. :)
guys if you want to follow you..go tweet them. k thanks :)
*gasp* never?? but... but... but it has sir laurence olivier in it! #phoningitin :)
quit?? but then what would i have as a vice lol lol :d
the lengths to which went to, to assert "boat jail" was a proper term, just makes me love her even more :-)
good; youu ? :)
im so jealous of you. please come home so i cant be jealous anymore, bc were just gonna do everything together. thanks. :)
going out to shoot random things after breakfast. feeling inspired! :d
heyyy :)
nonton tweeps di sctv. aku udh punya cd nya thank you, andrei :-) nanti msh ada (cont)
everything is submitted for bpa nationals. all we have to do is wait until may to go to california! :d
kay let's make it a date =) bwahaha #dollamenudating #nshit
thats good =)
that's wassup chica... keep doin the damn thang! #model #mom #poppin :)
woman is the dominant sex. men have to do all sorts of stuff to prove that they are worthy of woman's attention atypical... lol :) :)
thanks for following me, martha! i'm currently scrapbooking with materials from your line! =)
i got my doctor who trenchcoat. what if david tennant regenerated into me :) ?
thank you for the mention! :)
hi everyone lets chat :d ;)
will do :)
dear you're extremely adorable when you're happy. please never stop smiling like this→ ..love, яichε :) ♥
ªkªkªkªkª tauu dech yg 1st limit e(¬-̮¬)e akhirnya bs ngetweet lg, hahaha :) #infolimit
alright everybody i'm turning my phone off now,i want to enjoy my birthday party tonight revival 783 college st west see ya/ door $20 :-)
#addictedtobass fuck itunes, dey can chupar mis kojone$! ping~xe steve... he he he he estoy addicto! y tu? #sf cali :d
2 more go follow please & u will get a shoutout! :)
nothing much, just came home. hbu ? :)
haha no but there were cookies and cream ice cream :-)
just entered to win an awesome veggie tales prize pack worth over $500.00! i would so love to win. :-)
i wud be like all this time ive gone to yur concerts and u bearly g-*stopped talking* ahhhhhhhh :d
ah yes! i <3 it :)
you're one of my hard-headed followers, i see . women don't tell their age . :)
#seeufossevcs eu saia do twitter e ia ver o 'se eu fosse você' :d
dear spectacle fam, skype party tonight? but not super late.. say.. 8pm (gmt+7 or jakarta time)? :d see u guys online :)
lol ok i did =)
thanks i followed back! :)
i like the sound of your jive / omtr integration hope you'll post a blog article about it :)
todays beach finds.. was an awesome walk on the beach with my honey :)
the bday girl is tooo cute! :)
thank you derek. you are a mensch! you will always be my pal :) #50kfor50k #mffo
wordd, don't worry though your too pretty for that :)
lol no .. other guys haha :) (they know themselves) :)
back! :) what's up <33
thanks for #fflove buddy. :)
cleaning my room then packing for tomorrow and sunday :d listening to
hope you have a good weekend too :-)
i love that show :)
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :d
:)..awww thnx alot mo..ur always such a wonderful lady,u 2 :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sure ;) ur welcome :)
nice chatting with you as well... :)
only 15 minutes until lakers match :-) yuppy
thank you twirlfriend! just trying to be like you when i grow up! :-)
every single follower has to follow ! i produced his new album and it s dope :)
lol...it is a nice beaver isn't it ;p too easy! nice beaver :)
have fun! :) r_achmad just love these social networks. very informative. rite now i'm at kampung gajah. thx 2
cool. god's gonna change someone's life through you tonight. :)
omg! i got my 1st youtube honors! yaaaaaaay :) *happy danceee*
whats the weirdest question anyones ever asked youu? :d
thank you, darling andrew, for the very sweet #ff mention. you know how to make your mom happy. :)
it's like lol but it's barking out loud! :)
i am sure it will work :) i have no doubt
oh man! i would give anything to see that re4 trailer! so so excited for that movie!!! :d
yup that's you! ladies and gentleman sammy! :)
some days, for baseball fans, are important as church. :)
thanks and for as always a great party peter will be busy this weekend :) #perfectharmony
nothing im happy :)
course #2 cheeseburgers and hotdogs :)
i will talk to all you peeps later. have a good night and weekend. =)
thank you for always making me smile! :)
i wear balck to support all causes : )
