i've seen it! it's freakin awesome! ^_^
jumping on cam to see my fav rk boys :)
thank you all for your rt's! :-)
#ff myyy mr.incredible :)
guess who's as cute as a button?... you are :)
so inspired by the ty segall love fest last night that i'm actually having feelings of hope for humanity :-)
my twitter friends, tq for your mention : )
i love math :) i watch our local college channel's algebra lessons for fun.
me too! loved the original now want to take my daughter to see this one :) do you have an imax near you?
haaay!! :d
lmao.. you're scaring me :o haha jk and rice is sooooo good! :d
haha thts very tru. but seriously try to memba though. plz? :)
good morninggggg semuanyaaa! :d have a great holiday yaa
i like formula 1 as well. ur frnd vulpine vixen followed me :)
no- just kick backs -beach & hiking ~ nothing too wild :)
let`ss have some funn this beat is sickk ! : )
heading to starbucks again :)
so excited to see in san jose with the team tonight! it's gonna be a good good night :)
ask me something | tell me something | be nice :)
at with and :d
yesterday i got a marine blue, today i got...blue lace & make mine lime :) last week i got a hot pink. i have an addiction.
who is excited for easter??! i am :) chocolate! eggs!! bunnies!! xoxo
thank you for the #ff :)
lmaoo you bettter :) heheh ! i wanted to go out but niggas being lame so im staying my ass home !
so great! (pic & testimony) eat blue cheese chips & drink a kong for me!! :)
no cool hwhip :-) lol damn you don't watch family guy :o
you gotta follow me so i can dm you it :) thanks
soooo happy that u tweeted.wassup jasmine? :d
it was! i even ran into coworkers there, and it didn't bug me :)
angels and kings in nyc tomorrow at 1 pm! we're playing an acoustic set. who's coming out?? :)
american idol... im shinin now..... they luv ta judge me.... simon cowell :)
prediction: ipad won't cause a paradigm shift. will my 60-something parents leave print for the ipad? probably not. :)
had a great time watching the daily show last night. love the fact that you can watch it anywhere in the world online. :)
if you find the passion of christ on a screen, it would be too freaky! :)
don't worry about it i know you were busy!! we will connect again when you are back for sure! :)
heading out with my homegirls!! #fabchick in the city in a minute :-)
these messages have been sent by jesus :)
who is excited for easter??! i am :) chocolate! eggs!! bunnies!! xoxo
can you please follow i'll dm justin for you :)
tell me something about you :)
new episode on #starz of "spartacus" :-)
q:can you follow me on twitter?my twitter link is a:when i get 1000, i will :)
i was impressed at m's report! cocktails aren't traditionally part of the passover seder but i hope they made some :)
lol ! but my background is my new motto :) by me but watch hoes gon try and steal lol
aww, well thank you for offering to be of help :)
hmm. today was tiring. and i ripped my pantyhose lol but that's ok. jay smiled =)
"hola mi gente!" i'll have the first episode of "youtube's hottest girls" ready for you soon! it's good shit man! :-)
just catching up with u all!! : )
now you can relax :)
omgggggg i can't wait until monday :d
#ff & thank you for being my follower #1000! yay! pleasure to meet you. a good friday indeed. :)
heading to woodland hills now :)
not feeling too good still :/ i'm gonna go offline, and get some sleep, god bless you all, & god bless :) <3
thanks for the shout out! :) hope your weekend is great! :)
"hardened criminal". is that a pun? :-) (omg! i never say that! lol)
coming to the #io9 meetup at #wondercon? we're at on the side without a noisy band playing. :)
hi eliza! just wanted to tell you i love your movies! i think your a great actress!! :)
say a little prayer for me :)
hi: little bored, walking on!! :) and you?
thank you guys! plz follow and tell her i sent you :)
#shoutouts to #teamaquarius #teamniceboobies #teamborninthe90s :)
i'm so lost in your love , and i can't escape it . but somehow , i love being in love . :) #llf
♡ babe i love you ♡ grand opening of #babeiloveyou today! :)
i would jump on him and say lets get naughty bahah :d
yeah i know! badly need shelves to finish unpacking etc.. hoping i can find what i want & get out. famous last words though :)
yaaay were toodling back to the hotel right now! :)
no problem :)
energy is the "why" :-)
awesome :) can u plz folow me??? :)
thanks for the rt!!!! :)
purple davinapurple #nowplaying 'wizzy valentines' by mr =)
: thanks for the "text" that just said"text" your such a bully wit it. lol --lmfao :)
there's my c_famous lol here i am! :)
kcooool :)
go you! :d
you and me both =)
eh. they'd be small, powerless tyrants in the wild. i think i could fend 'em off, lord-of-the-flies style. :) #clap
hi tim! what are your plans for sunday? are you coming along to the brum photo walk? :)
enjoy your cuddle time and thanks for the mt :)
:) i'm not on that side, but i do enjoy your service. you could have included a braveheart clip the end of that ;)
oh okay give em my number :d
what religion are you guys? you guys pray a lot...i was just wondering what faith you were :)
wow! thanks for the generous and kind #ff today. i feel like the lucky one knowing the lead pixel monkey. :-)
just leaving the office very productive day! now its time 2 chill w/@patrickthagreat :)
i knew you were too smart for that. still... i'm not that brave. :)
tell dem again lyke deze hatterz need a lyfe seriously n dey need to stop tryin 2 bring down people cuz it aint working :) :) :)
there are 6 children in my house and they're playing with every toy that makes an annoying sound. except bop. he's sleeping. :)
thanks for the rtl!! =)
i need 2 more followers til 800 come on now :)
truckload of peopledrove by apple store & yelled "nerds!" pretty funny. see you tomorrow nerds :)
i've been meaning to get more into 's stuff . heard her talk on mpr, makes me a lurking fanboi :)
alright . its "us" =)
hello what did i miss?! fill me in :)
i'm good :) i would be really happy if you followed me though :) ily xx
your coming to miami??(: is there a way for me to meet you?? i love you(: and i would love to meet you :d
the greatness is back :d
isn't it weird? there were definitely "better" paintings there, but this one stuck out :d
who wants to play guess that song? :)
for a good time, listen to and pronunciation of dick giordano's name :d
on the bus (finally) heading home to shower and change before the wrap party in #admo! see you soon :)
thanks! could you tell her i sent you? just so she knows :) & please follow
i'm sooo glad i'm not alone on that one... right now!!! :) me 2 is it me or are u (cont)
to be honest you and should sing "kiss and tell" together :)
"when ur forced 2 stand alone, u realize what u have in you." unknown #quote :)
this is good :) my mission is 2ensure that no other moms have 2 suffer from misinformation like i did. motherhood is hard enough!
i love denise. very much. :) you have some pretty cool friends too.
what are your plans in the desert?! :)
this> tuesday at 3pm est i will be having a contest!!! :) stay tuned for more details! you must be following me to win!
follow me pleasee! :)
good friday service with passion 268generation  :)
pls israel isha lisha batterd womens hotline also receives calls frm palestinian women in west bank 972-4-8650977 :)
trimmmss win ☺♥rt +@ankatamaaa+@reyzee+@ochauriona+@verawaloeyo+#molen&rio+#alltraxtroopers=great announcers :d
the weather has been so great the past few days!! perfect for running!! now only if i would get my butt out there and run! :)
#shoutout2dagirlz who have long hair no offense to those who wear wigs and weave =)
can you please follow i'll dm justin for you :)
outstanding lego art! :) my son has a new hero and feels justified in buying more lego
gonna start following people when i get 1000. only 4 away so if you wanna be followed, get me 4 more followers :)
can some1 dm me how many followers i have? if u do ill give u 2 shoutouts :)
thanks for the #ff love hon :)
sure am :) lol u know me doing work on that i just unlocked the "adventurer"
who is excited for easter??! i am :) chocolate! eggs!! bunnies!! xoxo
yep, hootsuite is the best. i use it for my // enjoy!, also thank you for listing! :d best to you. #lists
i'm trying to get my brother to wear a plaid shirt b/c it's what would wear! lol // yes!!! :d
you'd buzzed day before? i wasnt around then... :)
hey, i'm looking for an easy ministry :-) j/k
send me them pics son!!!! just got the call!!! i'm going to be a model for the a&f store at the grove :)
60 times listed? and im a beginner :o haha #rogerdat? im growin up **sniffs** [now bk to reality] ha :)
you just haven't gotten past the "training wheels" size yet :)
#followfriday <-- thanks, m'dear! you're ever so nice to think of me. you shouldn't have... :)
here are some pics of us in dc :) we had fun!
texting lacee about why did i get married too , she said she was dying of laughter hahaha , seriously guys go see it :d .
im good. just chillin. tweeting..watching tv :)
awesome but not parteh girl? ;) hehe must jio u to club soon :)
heh...any fan of community is worth a follow...joel or no joel :) she can attest i'm not so bad either ;)
thanks for the #ff :)
well then, i stand corrected. :)
just watched it last week. it only made me love her more. :)
in his position has a lot to watch, but surely a mission like urs so in line w/ his will get his attn :-)
my country is a #tt =) -- mad love to dr. hi neighbors
no, not that one, but thank you. :)
congrats on w/ the ps3 win! that is huge!! :d
and i can't wait to tell you guys about it :)
not too awesome given my legs are entirely not ready for summer. scary really...but comfy. :)
no, trex isnae going. too tired. last night was the last of 5 straight 12s. it's just me & my inner fuckyeaholympianmayheim. :d
thanks :) and no not yet, i'm gonna see it soon though!
me too. :)
so i got suckered into doing promos. ill be running around viagra triangle & hotels til 11pm. catch me if you can =) #fb
:) ur a keeper
my eyes are blue :)
how many of you are excited for the new product? :)
#ff my favorite ppl :)
texting with mah loveyyszz :)
love n wonder about music & impact? look up j goldman-it's not the genre-it's ur energy-that helps things grow or not-food for thought :-)
good old days. who says u can't make a music video 4 a bbq :)
i'll play around with the logo in photoshop and see if i can come up with a clearer version for the thumbnail. :)
haha oh. :( lol but im not a blonde... and ur not are u? lol :)
:) it's friday....long week....
and follow me!.. bwahaha whats up my new followers? make sure you check out androidfeens.com :d
sophia dying easter eggs :)
hiii. :) have a great weekend paula. :) thank you for your tweet today. :) it made me smile. love you lots. :) xx
hello tweeps :)
gio goal, please? :)
:d it just kinda...came to me today
:o ul bring me some fish ?? :d
gonna start following people when i get 1000. only 4 away so if you wanna be followed, get me 4 more followers :)
disc happy hour snax? now your talking! :-)
yay i can see you again! :) #perfectharmony
i like night, everything gets quiet and i can actually concentrate... i generally work afternoon/night. good to have company :)
ouch; my eyes! if not being familiar w/ those reborn dolls makes me out of touch i'm so for that :)
sorry its :) and please sign <3.
if it isn't love why do i feel this way ? why does *he stay on my mind? lol. 92.3 rocking the jams. #sumbliminaltweet :) tht #gooddick man
hello dennis in korea! :) *waves* i *hope* we have all time zones covered fingers crossed :)
:) am spelling challenged. tried to apply for a grant. but, guess spelling counts when doing that sort o thing. am also tired
i need 2 more followers til 800 come on now :)
goodbye :)
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :)
funny i listen to you :)
tried day without coffee. had a bad headache (maybe also too much borderlands). made it to 6pm. now, sipping at starbucks w/ m. and i'm :)
this one :d
aite i'll promote u a lil more :) ....i'll dm u some key account u should talk to the ppl
add me on skype! themissladiee ! :d catch me on a free line!
alright someone tell me when gets moist at 12pm est. not sure what that means, but c'mon it's donnie we're talking about :)
lol that is true of all of us at times, but your sis 2night has been so entertaining & it's free entertainment :)
thank you! :) i know! i get tired of one pic quick
i will dm justin and give you a huuuuge shoutout if you follow right now ! tweet me if you follow :)
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following us though] :)
yes maybe wanna go to the mall :) with my fam too
i am so glad you did! you'll find out how awesome and nice he is! :)
get out there and go get one :)
me and are offically bestfriends now :)
ayos! five pala! is it easter or christmas?! =) pare, 2 din on btv, but non playoff teams, gsw nyk at 1030. so thats 5 games!
getting ready to leave washington dc :)
hav a nice day na ka p'songkarn :) today hav work pao ka?! kub gum lung pai kaoyai kub
awww thanks love :) lookin good as always love!
no baby luv....i turned 24 jan 16 :)
gena you brighten my day :) i am honored to know you #followfriday
we love you too. and im good :) but you will make me happy if you follow me <3
#ff have a great weekend! :-)
