not long home after a ghost tour at blackpool's opera house for the cast and company of riverdance! what a great night thanks guys :-)
sure :)
awwww....thanks for the mama :)
argentina is waiting for you :) #jonasbrothers
2 more ppl follow :)
goodnight :)
doing well, getting ready for tomorrow's event at #capital one :-)
it looked nice, yes it did. & i love my alien & aliens. but still... :)
the consensus at dinner with the honeywell clan is that snowbladers deserve to be made fun of :)
aww... i think if it looks like a short dress then it's acceptable :)
niggas talk about greatnesss whenevaa they speakkk aboutttt meeee ; :)
it's so good! :)
morning morning :d , have a good saturday everyone
listening to your interview with right now!! it's great so far!! :)
thanks to and for giving me love :)
just open your internet browser and type in www.puppylovejewelry.com or click on it here..it take u right to my shop on ebay :)
no problem. i often wonder the same of myself. :)
i'm far from good. or average. :)
.....i need some groupies too to figure that out :)
yuppp its me =) hehe thnx
hey i just got ur wedding invitation..i would love to come and best of luck for the preparation.. :)
will do =)
aw thats great! i hope it works outtt :)
where's my daily popcorn? :)
follow 4 follow? :d
so interesting really! do you get the mafia and gangs etc coming in? i have no interest either but its exciting :)
yeah i was gonna say that! :) its defs true. i dont love him quite like you! :)
you're welcome kevin, and thank you back. you are such a total sweetie. :)
i need a really good futile japan era movie. someone give me some recommendations! :d
lmao u dumb lol …at good friday service. -- just did the washing of the feet. thank god i got a pedi! lol :)
almost out of work :)
haha just drove by the staples center & screamed out the lakers suck :)
you legit just made me want chocolate chip cookies :l i think i'll steal yours :) lmfao
lol i know im just eager as fuck to watch it, and now i have :) so im happy.
i'm all about easy! :-)
show did kid :)
www.formspring.me/alexalovesjb go ask me thinngs :d im supeeer boredddddd.
... ok shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! im gout to watch on frank & wanda since i never made it to touch him at the mall! :)
it's a lot of real heat still out there but i get to listen to soulja boy, gucci and wacka flack on the regular...blessed :) lol
awe dont say that!! :) people like you!!
naomi campbell photo shoot entry! i need 10 votes in 48 hours to make the semi's. text: tvote j6y77g to: 011 49 177 178 1208 please vote! :)
had a yummy dinner now tv time wit my boyz!! : ) so proud of how much my son knows n does for his age!!
ask me anything :)
demi on 'the soup' :d
mos def. here's some chicken crispers :)
happy birthday have a great one :)
fried fish. :d
comment pictures, i'll return. if anyone can photoshop, comment this status pleasee it's not for me it's for someone else. :)
hey! can you say 'eee wachin' to me? it's 'hey whats up' but in spanish :)
switched my twitter :)
yellow tail for six dollars a bottle at walmart! and here i thought the store was almost completely useless. :)
so much! shananay would be the best to talk about the last song =)
i heard [[: that's pretty fun. :d
janide been sippn. thats my roll dawg lmao. =)
can yu plsz follow me? :)
im starving so ill fix myself something to eat brb :)
pls do share a pic of u in the cute dress, pls... :)
o.m.g.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you singing "here comes peter cottontail" has got to be the cutest thing ever. thx to gloria 4 sharing :)
kelso!!!!
you had me at hello :-)
q:ask back yaaaa :) a:siapppp hoho
dear you and kandi got me addicted!!! bitch i feel gooood :)
you are quite welcome, sir. :d i likes ya!
hujan hujan hujan love it :)
i think i'll arrive there around six. my mom's coming w/ me. ^o^;; she's j's fan too. :d text me when you get there.
waiting for this bitch to call me :) to go pick her up at the bus stopp..
iya aykeeeeh,aku takutnya macet trs jadinya nginep,soalnya senin aku ujian :d
this is my 3th tweet acc, spacial made 4 spamming.. ^_^
thanks for the rt's :)
#ff follow bc she's my sisster whoo i feed :d
and i wanna give lightshow with my new lights :d yee yee
how great is our god :)
brad is working : ( with the sweetest guy ever :-)
going out this weekend ... should be interesting :)
a very happy easter to everyone!!! god bless!! :) <3
picnic in the park followed by coffee on college and crepes on queen. this was a good friday!!! note excitement :)
just saw a clip of the scene i was an extra in in camp rock 2! (i wasnt in it though) but ahhh :d
-tell me a secret lol :)
you're welcome. :d
:) easter bunny cake!
sure can u please sign this though?! and then i"ll follow u on all 3 of my accounts :d
oh, of course! i forgot! → that's another guy i really really like here on twitter! follow him! :d
follow back please :d
:) laid back and enjoy the music.. can't imagine how beauty it is! this is life, flowing :)
watching the soup! :)
taking sophia to the puppy store :) hmu ? ahaaa ahh i'm eating the bestest apple !:)
sure sure :) followed
goodnight :)
girls, never let anyone make you feel down. know why? you are fearfully and wonderfully made by god :)
im bored!(: in a little while i'll go for a ride on my motorcycle(h) thalia w/h madafacckeeer :d
haha. ok you silly random person. :)
lmao two & a half men :d
ur welcome =) whats up?
read this ! ada yg mau di follow ? tapi folback ya :) lah ..
sibuk chatting,, ber ym an b tmn2 kmpus. huehe.. km lp skr?? :) sibuk apa? :)
omg 1 of my favs!! oh really pretty woman is on :)
mann kristina tryin to get me down to suite tonight girl! you know i'm not about that ish no moooooora! drankin at the crib join me? :)
thank yu! :-)
love the new pic. :)
lilu dallas..multipass!! :) still in search of lilu (lee- lou)
howdy dowdy ;d lol im brilliand thankyou ^_^ hehe, how about you mrs stack? ha
musick & watchinq bahd boys 2 ; kant wait for tomarrow :)
it makes me happy . :)
ikoe ikoe if you ever make another youtube account let me knoe so we could make a collabb :)
i mentioned a "ufo" in my previous tweet and a bot just rrt-ed it. it has got the dp of a ufo too !!! lets see if this one is rt-ed too :d
nahh im just going to the motorbike shop then home :)
q:hey pretty lady :) lol a:hi miss :)
