proud of myself..after "being the bigger person" there's only 2 ppl. that i genuinely dislike. fuck them though =)
ooh, i'm excited to see how it looks on you, lady. :)
i got no idea lmao but i know what he was doing last night :)
woohoo! i now have two 5star reviews for my book :-)
having drinks with the lovely, beautiful and friendly :)
:: is famous but still notice all of us :d -- haha. no hunny. i'm not famous.(:
aw. glad you are having a good time! wish i lived closer! :) <3
these are amazing ideas please keep them coming :) xo
awwwe! & i love youuuu :)
some wine and some uncharted 2! =)
wonder what you're dreaming now . :) is it me there in your dream ? #llf
y u care bout their bill tho :d
whether you require my apology or my forgiveness, it is yours. i am your friend :)
its dna as in de social network analysis... well that's how we say it in jersey at least :)
<3 u for that! xx yay!!!! you and aka mila are thee best team ever!!!! :)
follow------> :-)
i will try my best :)
thanks ya'lls :d
keep following--->>> next person to gets a dm 2 jb, christian, sean k & cody s :) tell me if u do
4 more & ill follow anyone who wants me to :)
i did. depressing tho. :)
got it, you have been added :-)
already fanned on fb! :d #perfectharmony
loll yupp :)
look at my foot compared to .... i felt so happy =)
but i will say, homeschooling isnt for everyone. some just can't do it and arent called to. and that is a'ok! :)
#followfriday awesome friend thank you!! :) i am having so much fun with that project! how are you today?
happy anniversary to you both lisa! :d
hoe! :-)
#thanks 4 the follow =)
whatsss goood =)
boyfriend and i at sea world a few days ago: we like to have fun on roller coasters: :)
:) yes. i'll probably have it up by tomorrow. it's for a meal plan, with the soup.
yeeeeeeee... its koryn madsen add me upppp! :)
fun day!!! stoked to see and in nyc tomorrow! big day :d
i like to spam people's formspring inbox. just ask :)
omg..hey,this is so unblievable.stil have the sign photogragh and everything...such a pleasure :)
well you are pretty awesome and we're kind of alike so why not? lol :)
everyone reppin the #dmv should add #me :)
thanks for the shoutout :)
right! :)
thanks #ff her b/c she's the sweetest of all in my timeline! :)
who want's to see in a hardcore match at extreme rules? :)
heeeeeeeeey :) are you okay? baha
oops =) careful next time
yay! let's go streaking! 101 followers :)
just watched you on qvc!! sounded great!! :-)
#ff << my wifey 4 lifey =) she beautifullll follw now
hahahaha :) yeaa i like baron davis he could be really good..
im boredd, someone talk to me! :)
btw, you're pretty. :)
cool, just chillin after work. having a cup of tea tweeting :d
im with early night for me. sf store tomorrow morning :)
please follow me :) im a jasminator too!! btw, i love ur songs, serious, i own this and candy :d love u!
back to work i finish at twelve wish me luck ! :)
it's very good for me! evil coz my legs are sore :) but in a good way! i feel fantastic!
lol awesome show with chelsea =)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ko44vu7zkbc ur a good player =)
lmafo :) making a edit video for kiss & tell :)
rotfl i know right! :)
heheh well that's good then! :)
you have many gifts and talents that make you uniquely you. your purpose in life is to share these qualities with the world. :)
fantastic! have updated the blog! :)
lemme just write my paper so when he gets back its cuddle time :) <<< must be nice lol
when i get 1000 followers :)
haha no problem!! :d
ripped by :d
#ff , even tho hes the worst texter i know lol but his music will have u goinnnn. :)
goodnight everyone! it's 3am here, so i better go to sleep now. :) have a great weekend monsters. <3 love you ♥
it was good! what about you? :)
did you know that honeycomb cereal actually looks like little honeycombs? ahha... :)
lol you good :)
both are great , it's gettin closer and closer everyday i'm so excited !! : )
new background and some new quotes added! check it out! =)
thanks =)
:) when j forsythe gets to heaven, do you think he's greeting everyone by saying "hello angels.'
so i went to ulta today and was mind blown as they have nyx cosmetics there. i'm so fucking happy!! :d also i found zee kpak! ♥
it's ok, i got it! i will ship out to your pp address on monday :) enjoy!
listed 5 times, please follow back? :)
it's in god's hands but we're praying that nicki will give celesse one more chance. :)
hi my name is mr tessa. wazzzzup :)
if the stars align.. gotta win tix, i think. must!!! :)
it's a fairly new occupation read my latest blog post that inspired it: edgeofbrooklyn.com :)
what a wonderful pic of them on the tree :)
tyler perrys films r always good. i can't wait to see the preview and the full movie :)
no problem! it's still friday :-)
rsvp for bangalore photowalk plz rt! :)
thanks, have been getting quite a lot of feedback on this. :) initially thought apps could resize to full screen, makes sense now.
oic :)
can you guys sign this please it'd mean the world to me :)
sip mbak! have a nice weekend :)
:) i know huh *giggles*
interested in the simply flawless gear? sign this petition and if i get enough 2 sign, ill send it to :)
dude! great write up on the dj battle :) very un-biased and detailed. go dj! :)
repays the favor>>> #followfriday all ladies that make me smile :)
ooh i do like desserts :)
yay! glad you liked it. i sometimes add more parmesan too :)
thanks so much! :) happy easter!
life. hahaha. always throws you curve balls. :p and i can't even be mad. :) i don't always get the "things" i want...but eventually, maybe..
i will get justin to dm the next 7 people who follow >> ! i promise. tweet me if you follow, gooo :)
yea:h i like my hip best :) xx
follow cuz she's cool,prettyy andd has the voice of an angel =)
shoutout 4 shoutout.? :)
:d thanks! was from last night
do it. got my 1.5tb 1 month ago... gorgeous. :-)
i'm a jasminator and my name is jazmeen :) haha follow me pls? :) luv u jasmine!<3333
idc what anyone says..jill scott is a beautiful women ! :)
friday night. nice and warm. reserve officer riding with me. let's do it!!!! stay safe! :) #police
photoshopped! :-) #next
hollisterr :)
bobbyjwisdom: and the lord said................... bitch suck his dick and quit bullshitting! :)
how adorable! um, do you have time to do mine??? :)
getting more and more excited ...... 2 hari lagiiiiii :)
sammi helped take photos with me. now to edit. i'll get her blogging soon :)
oh youre like my best friend. nagising sha kahapon thinking he had to go to work. then he realized it was good friday. :-)
"boarding soon, no turning back...also giving up all other vices..." let's not overdo it, ok?... :)
it was a joke... trust me,i kno you dont! ♥ :)
ohh ps. someone else is also helping :) lol you got us 2 followers so faar (:
oh so you've been there? :) welcome to twitter. pete is a columbia furniture rep and a hoot please follow.
its me :)
i sure did see wdigmt : )
agree !!! :) there's nothing funny about autism, so let's stop making jokes about it. g'morning all!
shoutout to -->>> <<<--- please follow!! :d
(@artists_that_we're_about_to_announce) feel free to let loose the dogs of war :)
lol just got your tweet about the leakage. i'll make sure the lambs r no where near the backrub tonight :)
:) hope eryone has a nice night
omg... the last song was amazing! i cryed so much haha. :)
can ushare thoughts abt life as a playbacksinger?140 characters :-) e.g traveling, jet-lag, sleep, schedule, eating cycle etc
hahaha... morning brother... :)
watching footage from last nights rehearsal :) see look im starting to spell rehearsal right not rehersal teehee
ight thanx =)
april 1st was the first day of the 90 day challenge! :)
i assume they listen to the release date cause obeses store is around the corner and dudes may or may not murk their face :)
gotta love the music too :)
oh this is going to be a good night! :d
love wandering through places like that! :) stone gothic windows are gorgeous! :)
little bro followed in his sis' footsteps onto carnegie hall...theres pride swelling in my chest :d
that piece was called"sitting on the bus rapping about things i see" =) *bows* thanks
oh yeah man! now that i can talk about swagger..... fuck yeah i'm happy he has won the whc =)
i decided from now on i will do a lot more seperate #ff for some of my awesome twitter-friends :)
dbsk almost have 1 million sales this year :)
thank youuuuuuu :)
that makes me feel important :)
i pick you as my new follow based on your challenge! :) i'm about bringing happiness with hugs so following you to *hug*
we love u too =)
your #ff 's are of epic proportions... :d
making tater tots :d
by the way, it was so good to finally meet you yesterday. you're very nice. :)
no problem :) can you give a shoutout though? thanks!
makasih! :) have a nice weekend.
tori can u get me some followers!haha<-----------follow her! i've known her since she was a baby! she's dope :)
nope, not as fun. i also found a thing of bubbles, a water gun, a deck of cards, a slinky, and a twist popper. :d
i know what you mean :-)
:) awwww thanks can u help me get ppl to sign i'll give u shouties:)
thank you for the #ff ♥! :)
ur health is more important but i'm excited for u to go see that movie. ^_^
not you :) i won't unfollow anyone, it was just a thought.
i knoww :) thanks!
thanks john :) i hope it's yummy! happy birthday i raise a glass to celebrate.
spent most of today playing video games. it was grand. :d
thanks, you're pretty awesome too--especially after getting that pga card! :) glad you read story.
are the red sox really opening against the yankees? do the really want to start their season like that? :)
<<<< follow <me please :)
uh, that's...gross. mental note: no trips to nc for the foreseeable future. :)
lol that would have been me tonight, if i hadn't gone to eat with amber. still gotta go to see my mom before bed. :)
haha, everyone follow or my cat will claw you : )
hey that's me :)
dam. tired fuuuuuhh. bout to go home n enjoy a freshly cooked salmon! :d
lol that's so cool! so you were able 2 get good seats right away then? yay 4 you! i'm waiting 4 bay area gig 2 get announced. :-)
having fun is an exhausting action-- but that's the great part. =)
thanks for the follow and the shoutout! nice to meet u :)
oops! sorry. that was a big grocery trip so i prob won't be back for a while. =) nice to meet you too!
i look at your avatar and can't help to see the irony in your argument fellow casper :) let us unite in our light reflectivity!
can 6 more beliebers go follow ?! :d
you have dm. :)
in bed in ma drawls and a tank top wit watchin ghost adventures :)
lol! thank you :d
oh ok wb :) hey i'll brb.
: )
im not sure if u got my dm but thank yoou :)
doing a lot of bookmarking on delicious right now. will eventually get around to formatting this laptop. :)
boooo!!! haha cool, u know where we're at :) see u later!
follow ... all jokes asiide :/ lmao! :)
#mybad i forgot this was twitter....ignore my last tweet....go see the movie!!!! :d
you're up late! stop playing games! :p :d
first of all, it's not a boat, it's a ship. second of all, it's the brig. :)
we went to jack astors and had burgers. more to visit on a friend's birthday than for anything else :)
hey i gave my 2 cents! hope ya cut it nice & short. :)
my fave miami ppl my boss & my doll :)
nordstroms cafe for lunch and crumbs at the americana :)
our random ass convos lol ^_^ awww i won't miss you. i have your number, lmao.
ill never fight with a good friend over money or romance. both just cheapen the friendship. :-)
who's on? :)
i see. you guys need to plan the meetup. i like the vzw peeps. :)
agree to disagree. by the way, were you representing sdsu? :-)
i will give u a wake up tweet!! :)
i love any1 whose connected with cudi so is the shit to me. love his music & tattoos :)
that was self-referential of course :)
idc what anyone says..jill scott is a beautiful women ! :)
hey :)
:) u were incredible speaker 2day! love what u do n communinty! luv what does 4 community!
