i want to "apparently have an apartment in seattle"! would love to move there. :d enjoy it!
you were a perfect lady. thank you :-)
for a good time, listen to and pronunciation of dick giordano's name :d
love your fashion commentary!! :-) guy in hotel lounge in sf wearing faded glory jeans. uh, is it 1977??
eating my fav ice cream..kinda dont mind if i go out or not..im pretty content now! :-)
nice flowers picture. you'll appreciate pic & words: :-)
thanks hunni :d <3
funny except that my sweet little boy will be in middle school in 3 years. where can i stop time? :-)
it's fine! :)
after a 3 hour drive i finally arrived in the desert. luckily split the drive with me :)
thanks! i'm hanging with some other friends at another place. drinkin a star hill stout. all is well :-)
lol stop :d you can totally say it, it's just not my favorite song! ok actually it's one of my most hated, but you can say it! ;)
shoutout ! :d
:) finished my work for today, time for a break! how is everybody doing?
thats sick :d ♥ im happy for you! lol. are you still grounded?? lol.
i sure am! i hope ur having a nice weekend lovely :)
ok i'll get them :)
lmfaolmfao did you get the spamming on your formspring yesterday ? :d
thank you for the ff love (curtsy ) :)
the point was to tell you what i think. :) now what was pointless was you tweeting me back as if it would make a diff
lol right :)
ommmmg!! the last song was freaking amazing!! omg, omg!! it was so sad. liam is effin sexy... wow! the best movie ever...!!! :)
dm or and i'll probably bring her down sunday or monday :) you guys doing anything fun for easter?
good morning! :)
:: speakin of ---> <--- that nigguh been ghost from my timeline. what uuuuppp :)
i have this sickness too :) i have even inherited art supply collections from previous generations of art supply hoarders :d
i know!! study the rules! :)
for dogs & life & learning and all that stuff :) >
goodnight to you too. :) sweet dreams. :) i can't wait to read your e-mail. :) love youu. :) <3 x
lmaoo theyy look like da same shitt lmao .. anotherr one? =)
lol, i wish you could too! my b-day starts at midnight! :)
goodnighttttt. proboably won't get to sleep until about 4.30 though :d
the best night ever! i love my good ole pal, ali. :) i swear i've never danced that much in my life!
kmfaoroflroflrolroflroflroflroflrofl thaats reallyy funnyy. im soooo soorrry! haha. remember never click links i rt/post :)
have fun at the show! :)
guess we're seeing the last song :) *shrug* which movie will you see?
well im one of them :) i need someone who can bring it out i guess
he's such a hottie --> :) girls go after him :) follow him <3
t'is okay, i'm mostly done now :)
glad that #earthquake is small :)
retweet: if you want a shoutout [must be following me though] :)
ur gna puke 2nite go slow re-fill on the cuervo!! yup! :)
it's okay! because we only get one week, & then we go back to being workaholics! :)
he does! he's been well trained :-)
surely everyone thinks you look daft ;) also i played pourquoi et tu devenue se resonable tonight when djing :)
so sorry *hugs* hope that helps you feel better. it always helps michu :)
i'm so sorry not going to make it tonight as i can't breathe through my nose :) i hope you have an absolutely wonderful party!
i do :)
haha nothing. i justtt hung up with connor :)
halu, sis! how are you? :)
thank you! :d
look how close our seats are! :)
in palm springs with dinah shore weekend! :) ::::xo:::: so excited/hungover, what a mix! haha
whee! you obvy = the smartest bestest person b/c great minds think alike. and *squee* :x i missed that, but hope she's cool! :d
thank you! :-)
i think you'd see more results if you stuck to one thing rather than switching it up. you're looking good though :)
can you please followww :) thanks
nah, just think about what movie to watch next. it's all excitement this end.well it would be if you were here ;) :d
brazil :) you?
ok cool, we're on the side of the venue without the loud band. :)
who's a great guy? this guy :) >rt check out a digital marketing heroine who loves scuba and is a chi-town local. #ff
my friend broke my happy meal toy :-)
yeah its always good seeing you :)
idk if hes still up. dont see him tweeting right now but im sure he'll follow back :)
out off work! :)
i'll dm justin bieber for the next person who follows and tells me :) go go go!!
absolutely no problem! :-)
your welcome i like to sing and this just inspire me! :) #perfectharmony
i enjoy my rules :)
i say the same when mitch followed me :) u just feel soooo especial :p hahaha
next 10 people who follow im adding you to the lists im sending christian beadles to follow/dm you! they have answered! gooo :)
yay! momdukes packed the mac in her suitcase..i didn't even kno! she said she kno how i get when i'm away from my mac! :) #amped
thanks ed, you too :)
what? can't hear you! :)
tell dem again lyke deze hatterz need a lyfe seriously n dey need to stop tryin 2 bring down people cuz it aint working :) :) :)
in case you are wondering what i'm doing at 6:51pm on a fri night...i'm working!! something exciting is about to launch! :)
yay! i am sure maddie's class will love it. :)
haha yeaa u get the real life response :)
thanks to bookish pals for great info tonight. #followfriday them!!! :-)
thanks to and for giving me love :)
what?! :-p i'm just behind, but now i'm not! :-)
henry dying easter eggs :)
lol.. i've been #twittermarried to for a while now :-)
one of the best performances ive ever seen on the jay leno show =)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwv5f0uldhw
all good now :) power-outage at house! there's candles everyehere....lol
doing my best here. :)
#weirdoosassislike what needs to be twit pic'd tonight :d
lol what u tryna say anais? :-)
so thankful for these young #ff love thoughts. :)
lol..thanks! :)
oh snap! don't say hi then bc we've drinking & don't want 2 embarass u :)
lmfao go in wit a bananan ..*dead* and i'll donate a comb for her poor ass! she need it, lmao we go hammy if she tweet back! :d
hiding in the kitchen with rum ? why ? did you run out of vodka ? haha keep on hiding, its best for all in your house :-)
love you too! <3 <3 sled loves you. :)
wins race! first win for :) if you own a company you should sponsor him & get your company name in winner circle!!
well it's almost 9 pm now so i'll just stay at the house -__- you? :)
yes please :)
é o twitter da fran do bbb9 :d
don't miss my latest post :)
guys seriously now... go and follow !! you are missing out, she's a very funny girl :)
