i got like | | this much #ff love :(
i wish you were here. :(
im going to use :( faces all day. because i have no reason to be happy.
#youknowyourgettingoldwhen: you can't fit a ring pop on any of your fingers. d: this sucks. now it's just a sucker. :(
aw man! i totally missed my 10,000th tweet! it just flew right by & i didn't even notice it. :-(
i hope my dog is alrite :(
aww ur there and i don't get there till the weekend :( miss u! <---awe!!!! i miss u too!!
ontem o twitter me block de tanto q eu pedi um reply do gee :(
nightowling. of course. :s meh :( anyone up for anything?
que merdinha hein :(
seriously disappointed that i was left out of sushi cruise :(
... and he didnt 'want to go' :(
if you don't like the tweet limit :(
hmv has justin b shirts but not one of the jonas shirts. boo :(
i left my ear charger at the hotel :(
madd states sell lq in their stores. ri is wack!! :(
i wanna be 21! lol. i blew my ear out. :(
also, glasgowers, just looked it up and the doc who exhibition isn't running anymore! :(
disappointed, really wanted to go somewhere, but was told i couldn't :(
do u kno that in anchorage on101.3 they said u were coming here to alask and then they said later it was anapril fools joke :(
yal jus lemme knw... ugh im upset about this crap : ( i wanna (cont)
i think i have a cold :(
the absence of sexy = all the men at indian gaming casinos :(
i wanna see it too! :-) doubt i will till it's on dvd. :-( it was good i wanna go see the last song!!
theres a cat n the tree n my front yard thats terrified to come down to the surrounding 14 dogs. been there all day :(
oh man. ice it. :(
that's a shame! i've made osso buco and cupcake balls for this weekend! i could have shared :(
here is 8:25 pm, lindsay fell on the floor again, did you see that ? :(
i unfollowed you because you unfollowed frirst! :(
a bird just shitted on me :-(
it would be easier, then you wouldn't be making the choice. but it's not fair if they're in pain :(
:( not fair.
i aint gonna front feelin kinda nice wit my homies ave-dogg, rob cat and < watttt??? nobody called me!!! :-(
well shit :(
omg still not receiving texts :( i hate rogers :(
kick ass (y) work tomorrow (n) :(
u fucking suck i'm in indiana rite now...no can do :(
no your not :( dont delete :(
hey! i went to the odyssey last night to see yous!! but yous didnt come out the back to see us before or after :( yous were
reality is.... idk -__- maybe it's true, i'd rather dreaming than face the reality because my real life is tragic :(
up up up early. :(
jus add pizza....i got heart burn tho :(
broke our mirrors cacete :(
so ya'll going to fair and didn't invite me? :( that's just mean. mad i can't make it!! :(
the episode where the hedgehogs died crossing the motorway has stayed with me ever since i saw it. so heartbreaking. :(
where shall i watch the manu vs. chelsea game tomorrow morning at 7:30am in athens? inquiring minds want to know. i don't have cable :( #fb
i won't eat chocolate until you send me a ;d send me ir or i won't eat chocolate! imagine my easter without it! :( xx
very tired..eyes paining... :(
its on a thursday and friday tho. it depends i probably wont be able to go if i have to miss school :(
i have none -.- i think is lacking this year on his tweeting back to his followers it makes me sad :(
wooo! woo! weekend! nothn bored skool on tuesday :(
billzbondz #youknowyouugly when a zombie runs the fuck away from u #nshit :( {lmao
oooh, is that what you were packing for? i need a holiday. :( can i come with you?
if i didn't have to work at 8 tomorrow i'd stay up late watching super show :( #shisusfriday
ill be back later i gotta head to work :-(
ahhh same :( im sure will let you use her phone blud :'( x
black out at costco? damn right when i was in line for some sample cups of gelato :( smh.
what happend? thrice this week :(
soory i <3 u :( *does puppy dog eyes*
and robs an amazing photographer, i try to convince him to do some pro stuff but he doesn't think he's quite that good :(
ill ignore the 2nd part of ur answer jay z lol...but there that answers ur question... depends tho...wish mine woulda :-(
lmaooo so cut it out just found out my crush is a hoe... :( --- no im not juss a flirt lol
having a serious urge to play the guitar. it's been way too long :(
snaptu is messed up :( got tweets from 7 days ago :(
y no en invita! :( just blew $45 bucks on some good ass pizza n breadsticks. yummmm well worth it!
break is over :( bck to work
.|meli.baybee|.
awe! :( just like beg your parents :) be like you haveee to go!
i know, im really excitted to see you!! but i will miss the bahamas :(
fuck i just broke my bra :(
hey luda! is conjure cognac available in pennsylvania liquor control board stores yet? haven't seen it yet :( i <3 my cognac!
if you want coverage of your event, put me (or writer) on your media list. no entrance, no story... isn't that sad :( yay for a relaxed nite
checked out jive class and vendors at #vlv13 with . line too long for chop tops. boo :( hafta catch them carshow.
more bummed out that i won't get to see the fifth avenue queues in their full glory :-(
my reply is no :(
far away... <= :(
just seen the winning #peoplesposter defo not my fave :(
of course, none of the things they were cooking was something i would eat, but i found that one particularly disturbing :(
traffic jam :-(
i just need him here so bad :( stuff changes so quickly...hmph
no luv... :-( no designated driver! u know it's far from mp
aaaaa simbl is such a horrible hack :(
u have been replaced :( #kanyeshrug
i dont tweet much on this acc anymore i just tweet on :) follow if you miss my tweets well it obv nobody will follow it :(
i think i do :(
i've been hanging out in shorts, a t-shirt, and my crocs all day! now i'm heading to the frat houses! too bad it will all be over soon! :-(
i feel like shit btw :( need something too cheer me up.....
not tonight, i work midnight to 8 am and tomorrow too :(
i dont care anyway :( i'll tell him about your little secret *thinks of secret*
on my way now. so sick it will be a miracle they let me on the plane. have taken like 20 pills. :(
your battery died :-( guess this is goodnight my love...muah! have a great evening!
just punched a wall 4 times :( im so fucking angry!
is starving and depressed and alone. :(
gutted :(
i totally agree, except is so mean to me! :( telling me no one loves me, and wanting to throw a chair at me!
lmao i love my friendsss, , you forgot about me :(
i want to help it :(
ion evn know what it is :( u get allergy for naija ni? my throat is scratching me ohhhhhh
i'm still nursing this cold hoping it goes away... :( otherwise i would!!
new orleans news is depressing... :-( #thatsall
my entire body ache. there must b smth wrong w/ this long weekend trip :(
will you get me some followers ! :( i wanna get to 730 bye 730.... not happening
waitin on 2 cum ova & cook i'm hungry :( & waitin on 2 cum chill & eat...but robin & treasure cummin ova :)
awww i kno u salty. :(
boys aren't as much fun as they used to be :(
i might come see ya :) gettin ready for work <---no visit from tara :(
seeeeeee...you still get to see him :( i wish i lived in the states.
aww why? :(
just arrived in baltimore! pow.<<-- jellyy! :(
packed up all my winter things and taking them home. sad to see the boards go :(
loosing my boy best friennnd :( who knew guys could start drama.
i just saw the most gorgeous human being to walk this earth at wegmans! if only i was older.. :(
i love you, you cheesey twins. and you'll never tweet me, cry. :( :( :(
aboout to be with ryan! i'm sad i didn't get to see todd at work though! :(
:( k if u say so
what? thrice this week :(
i forgot to watch that :( were avenged sevenfold by any chance on it :)?
i'm so depressed i can't stop crying :( i hate not being able to drive.......
sickest i've been in about 10 years, maybe more :(
3 of u unfollowed ? ugh :( beluebers should help each other so pls follow her
hi late night tweeters! guess we'll be up together. 0700 seems so far away : (
