i'm tired... #heavyeyes missing ms taijah, and didn't really get to hear my favourite voice today :( ah well there's always tomorrow
no one wants to do shoutout for shoutout ! :(
because of her still? :(
watching passion of the christ with my family :(
out of town working remote location for a teen retreat no internet :(
came back to over 100 e-mail messages. and i missed twitter a lot!
lol word i hate tht hoe. she's depriving me :(
nis itu lengan ato betis wkwkwkwk..;p itu bukan aku cit :(
already home. :( have to get up early and drive to jersey tomorrow. have a great night! i still need to get my hat. haha!
ohhh u do? me and need it :(
i wanna go to k-town today and eat. :(
that's really sad. my best friends dad used to ask that and while he was dying we started asking him were we being punk'd :(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
:( iz mean!! calling me a bad name :( ;(
boo, why do you have to be tired all the time :(
melly melly, lu belom follow tumblr gw :(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
these r the 3 main bitches that pick on me i hate all of them :(
no it's not :(
i heard about the pixies and vids last night from a friend.. :( he saw the pic already.. :(
yeaaa i can feel that too! nooo! :(
sooooo tired yet cannot fall asleep . :(
damn me not remembering my limit at burger king, i blame myself for my stomich ache :(
weekend malah dibohongin org, nasib nasib.... :(
i want to watch s6 arcadia and it wont read :( oh the horror >.<,
love my new laptop but my battery just doesn't last long enough :-(
id think so :( i wanted to make sure because i had forgotten which astolat fic she'd recorded, haha
yaa. it's part 3 and it's in 3d. therefore, 3d. hahaha. i just woke up :( why today?! not on the 10th?
whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy :(
sp sorry the spring thing didn't work out this year people are really missing out. i am sorry i could not come this time : (
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
we're running late and milo has just fallen asleep without lunch. i feel like the worst mum ever :(
i feel like i missed out on an important friends moment! :(
i think i'm getting sick :(
gosh shawn highlight. it gets me everyime! :(
whats th score :(
people keep un following me i was so close to 300!! now i'm back to needing 6 more :( 300th follower will get dm's 2 :) now go
daaaaammnnnn !!!!! :( thats depressing !!!
i've only had her two weeks. she ended up getting 'wet tail' but it was silly to spend $100+ to se eif i can fix her. :(
ure the bestesttt. and oh so missed at 111 :( check out my fb pics
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
i miss his tweets. :(
thas not even a joke u got mad personal :(
he's not mine :o :(
i swear! :(
thank u so much ; but i am hating my life in this moments :(
fun friday night? installing windows 2003. no no sabbath this weekend :(
i know, sorry. :( by the time i get hooked up and in their it will be br time
exactly my dillema. need something portable, but i don't really want a laptop, but i can't compile on an ipad. :(
i am using a trial version :(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
good friday. bad wisdom tooth pain :(
haha :( that's why i feel sad. how are you?
my hair is messed up :( coloring it again tomorrow
so wish i were going to get an ipad after work :( anybody have $600 i can borrow? i'll pay you back i promise!
rip "who you callin drunk" viii :(
im stuck in the house. :( moveless.
eat n park wit & bad isnt here :(
nao to beem :(
pero i have a lot more fun with you baby :(
nope :( stuck without a car if not id join u for a bit.
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
going to sutherland. jack. memories :( /is depressed.
aw i didn't know you were performing in nyc tomorrow. i'm going down, but for a different concert :(
i need a txt buddy :( i want one
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
:( anyway the arnt dating =/ so i think we are fine ahah
