you should make a myspace with your other songs !!! i wanna listen !!!! i was listenin to em in jazzie's car & now shes gone! :(
woke up from a bad dream in tears... no bueno :(
terrriblee mistakee :(
:( he actually left on wednesday to thailand. if not i would have brought him to zouk last night!
#ihateitsomuch when someone doesn't want to forgive me :(
i'm sorry about your closing :(
aw man. /cries maybe when i bleach it a bit more i'll try again :(
honestly idk if iwanna continue talkinq o02 him ; -_-#smh :(
that was matt everyone :( sorry about that, he took my phone
cn thì được anh ạ. mà anh cho em số đt với, hôm qua ngồi nghịch cái address book bị mất số của anh mất tiêu :(
lol i know hahah :( i have a problem lol but i already ordered the pink ones :(
i hate hearing this goal announcer.. it crashes my heart.. :( argh #canucks
its supposed to storm tomorrow :(
i can't be with you :(
just some random spam type of follower.. got excited thinking it was though :(
how come the pictures i post won't showw :-( or do theeey ?
lmao! everytime i express vulnerability, its taken as pushy-ness or guys get scared and think that i like them more than i do :-(
tweet limit reached! :( be back in 12 minutes.
mother shaved dog and now dog looks retarded :(
iya, kasihan mamaku :( ia ca.knp y?pdhl cerah demi apa ujan? mamaku di luar beliin bubur buat akuuuu :'( sedih
lame :(
thanks luv, me too :(
no bae i'm not :( sorry im on vodka & other ish my family got my drinking
oh, but no. they had them on the ground and they were showing old lady trying to bend down to get it on the news :(
ohhh! :( when do you move backk?
nothing at work bout 2 go unleash this cold, big, white, pasty, sloppy, stanky 57 year old ass :(
sad :( notre dame recruit, standout lineman matt james, dies in spring break fall from third-floor balcony
my tummy's startinq to hurt :(
finally home...i have a headache from work...going to bed. :(
super man high high spider man kush kush me and besties song :(
lmao i know i know, shit man :(
who says i was talkinng about her? lol jk... ok..i guess i have to suffer :(
oh woe, that sucks so bad bb. :( when are you seeing the specialist?
y? everythings fine na danni? at the hospital. this sucks. :(
lol i'm not don't worry i'm not !@anaisangelica: nooo don't give up on me kiara.. we the only ones left :-(
my stomach hurts :-[ babe, where you at? :(
awwe, that sucks. :(
me tooo :(
im sad. :( trying to go on ustream and its not working. :-/
on my way to work :( getting out at 1 am! had a nice day with him.<3
do you know what should i eat when i get headache? my mom says i need sweets but it's not really working for me actually :(
has something from my mom for ahrens i forgot to give him a while ago :( i'll try to remember to give it to him after break.
still sad about :( *huggles* relationships are stupid and pointless anyway.
i don't like feeling unsure about my position :-( ~yeah now you feelin me
had a fun day with friends. just really tired. :( goodnight.
i feel like partying.. :( or just gettin drunk. either or.
a'ah.. app world ada link if u nak oh yea ke? aiya :(
:'( well she does but bc it made her cry , i have to gain her trust back :(
terget is closed!! didn't they know we were coming? :(
i'm hurting a little that president obama chose only one box on his census form :( /via /didn't realize that
q:udah pernah naik mobil alphard? gue udah d... a:belooom :( ah gampang entar tinggal beli s...
i was to shy :( well ima very shy person most of the time myself so i dont think it woulda been hard at all...
real story and real sad. :( last year, i watched christian the lion on the oprah show. hachiko is my number 2 favo after christian! :')
omg i don't know that :(
it sucks aha :(
i'm sick and tired.....

.....no literally. i'm sick. and i'm tired.

:-(
more numbers falling off. don't like. :(
feeling mencholy.. :(
gue ditinggal chat :( hiks hiks. knp lo slalu off tiba-tiba? zgzg waduh, jahat kenapa emangnya ? rt: gheasami: eeeeeeeeeeh
i wish you were here wit me :(
no, i don't have a personal account! :(
awww i'm sorry :( that sucks. at least you don't work weekends
i really hope your being sarcastic there haha these delays are putting me in a bad mood :(
thts alrite! ima stay in 2nite, still feelin kinda bad :(
me too :( mooks is sadd
follow ---> :)
she is so sweet and kind
i hopw she is not angry with me :(
oh me too. :( we should deff go in tonight since i haven't :(
back to bed. although i really wanna eat this ice cream i got from brusters&forgot about it :(
bhai, i had almost drowned. got saved by my driver. lost my specs, though :(
