grocery shopping. duit keluar kyk air aja ya kalo beli kebutuhan rumah tangga :(
lack of humor drug then? what to do? :(
we miss 's flirty tweets :(
that's bad news =( no baby creo que no tiene :(
my best friend is seriously injured :(
lu minum ampe 14 starbucks mon gilaa . ga enek emang? ngidam starbucks nee . hari ini harus belii :(
sweet on the short vacation... i'm okay... waiting for my break... i have another week :(
oh, win stole the mayorship from me!!! so sad :( hope you enjoyed!
i knowww. but i want him to. :(
sedih banget ya allah :( knp gini sih
happy birthday!!!! woo hoo!! sorry i couldnt be there.. got to work :( i'll be there soon though!! ttys
where go? :( i miss him :( im thats his gf :( aka me i miss himmm d":
officially siickkkkkk :(
i have a really bad headache :-(
i just prayed to god. and i cried. :(
oh robbie you hunky sex god! hehehehe but he's ugly now. how sad :(
i'm good. i'm hoping jk comes out too. he hardly ever does when the backrub is on though. :(
i wanna go home...i miss my peoples something soooo serious :-(
:( jaja i love you
i just want to cuddle. like. real bad. :(
no u don't made long ago >>> i miss u :( >>how u gon tell me wat i do dont lol..i do
my head is about explode, cause of this headache. :(
& why you guys talkin' 'bout me? :(
:( no, well maybe... but no
girl your so lucky yet unlucky. truth would ruin it or might make it better. :( tobad you cant see me...
im sooo sorry! i know it's ur b-day 2mrw..but im going to my aunt's baby shower :( i love you soo much! <3 i will make it up 2 u!
naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaao :( (@thiagobanik live on
#thingsiwishicouldtxtu i like you. i want to see you. but you are making this awfully complicated. :( i don't want to give up.
picture of our $4 box of candy...$4 doesnt buy a whole lot. :(
just wants my girl to feel better :(
wish hannah was up cuz i have crazy stil ideas to run by her. hmmm. and i won't be able to tweet in west virginia. :(
ahaa, want to use that then?? :-d & i would but i have sony open so it would lag. :( can we plan it hereé xx
my phone died from 8:00 till now :( i feel lost without it. lol. but forreal tho...
aww :( well let me know if i can be of assistance; i'll try to get details on monday! ps, ls is cooler.
this book i'm reading for class has been going on about spiders for the whole chapter... i'm about to die... : (
what's good tonight ? off in 2 hrs :(
thank you ladies. already lost my balance & hurt it so this is going to be fun :(
uggggggh i think i left it in josh's car :(
hey cute boy! i tried sending vfc a message on myspace and it woudn't let me :(
huhhhhhh dont feel like doin anythin now bcuz of him :( !
why are you being so mean to sweet me? :(
i just bust the fuck outta my mouth. kiss it :(
hope! we never talk anymore :(
sip muahrt haha. dasar. wkwk have fun yaa :ρ yahhhhhhh :( huhu iya ni ex .sepi bgt (cont)
arkham bail :(
got to go :(
hey :(
can't believe i just got done throwing up and i wasn't drinking. :( fucking wendys in the west end.
watching april showers ... i'm in tears :(
aww ok :( and yea im kinda bummed about missing easter sunday! but last sunday was almost like easter at church so ima b ok
just heard that the guy that fell from a balcony at the beach today was an irish recruit. so sad :( prayers to his family.
mee< awww lol i'm not :(
sidebar: i still haven't got my phone call :-(
hey ill brb gonna restart to laptop..i cant hear anything..and the volume is 100% already.. :( i hope nothing is wrong
when was the last time i went out to the club on a friday night??? too long... :(
im sayingg :( lol oh well .. now were all grown up , gettin gray hair & sht lmaoo
it's too bad my first visit to the blogher office will come after you've gone! :-(
ab-beaw bang rai bang!! still want money,, now nerdin mode!! listenin 95.5 and sleepy!! me too.. in exam class! for french :(
i always choose the wrong time to wear my shoess :(
wants to wish a very special birthday! i wish i could be with you right now :( love you like crazy
damn, she's up! :-( oh well, good evening yuli.
emg ud beberapa hari ini penyakit sundel bolongnya kambuh :( aw serem banget dah ;p (cont)
i want to go to the movies =[~me too :(
this is so sad. :(
playingg s club 7 songsss. ahh i miss them :(
:( what's wrong doll?
