i know it's not fair :(
yeah, i just got off a little while ago. i saw where you lost your phone :( i just thought you were hungover.
hmphhhhh.... :( i hate rio!
i lost a follower :( why??
is sad now :(
hope i feel better so i can go see clash of the titans tomorrow....my head feels like i'm being clashed by a titan tonight :-(
i helped on ur morning as well...but i got no shoutout :-( : my bad bro u did!!
true! design of most institutions is right, but incentives are misaligned :-(
man, i miss az baseball. dc baseball won't be the same :( d-backs' opener sells out
only reflections. my wings are made of mirrors. :(
i wish my friends lived here all the time :(
why are you blocking me!! :(
#ifreakingwant an slr camera so baaaad :( #hbu
i think i'm just gonna have to shut it off while i work :(
, heheheh ♥ and i know, it suckss :(
no :( varudu tomorrow afternoon, going solo so want to go during the daytime, watching arya 2 soon :)
poe just racked me :(
it's 8:20 pm & i have no plans :(
yawn .. past my bed time :(
watchin these guys on ustream: and tho they think i am fake :(
i wanna go but i feel matha nature is coming :( tummy hurts lol or maybe i'm hungry * lol .. i have to see it now
my roomie came out. next me going for shower! 8.49am :( rush now
oh i'm so sorry :( maybe they'll listen to me tomorrow night
i've got headache :(
im maddd pharrell reali is ridding himself of his tats :(
what?? nice life!! gw dah rempong di kntr!! :( enaknya hujan gn sambil malas2an ditempat tidur sambil liat hujan dr jendela
awww i miss u too!! :( we need to spend qt time when u get back, jus me, u, and the creepa!
hp gue sepi banget :(
ew have to work soon :(
where's sam? :(
finna put a 24....gotta go to my nigga funeral 2morrow ..bus leave 530.... r.i.p. #kb19...another sad day n my life •awww :(
back home for seeing trey songz...i have a little bit of a headache... :(
my phone on 100% brightness is brighter then my room lights :(
#ifreakingwant an slr camera so baaaad :( #hbu
yes...i downloaded it today...she went off on it! i miss all of yall :-(
its late, my grandmother is driving me crazy where's the vodka?? i need alcohol badly!! holy crap!! grrr :(
it was a joke :( you know i love you!!
so far blm dpt glen :( help meeeee
yyyyyyy unless it gets stuck and whoever built my spaceship did not put in a failsafe. :(
haha i miss youu :( wyd tonight?
we wish you could :(
i dont have a snuggie:( but im all snuggled up and warm and happy then bam! time for school :(
iphone is about to croak. i don't want to leave the couch to charge it :-(
#essence ladies chilling for the nite << no invite :(
the things i see & hear i jus couldnt picture myself going through it some women really let men disrespect them :(
wait i mean yea :( 
internet home's been down for 2 days :-( #fb
q:that's still not good for you :( you are going to kill you... a:ugh plz leave me alone :/
what's wrong? :(
thank you! sorry you don't have it :(
of course i do how dare u say that :(
i shouldn't have eaten that chao! : ( lolllll *pukeeeeeee
haha i wish it was that easy :(
audio: how i felt allday :(
+1 :( tengo baja de tennis.. i need to play
om, would you make my dream come true? please om, bawa #jonasbrothers ke indonesia, im begging you :(
gnight everyone class in the am :-(
gee, thank you for appreciating everything i do for this household. it's really nice when i get treated like this. :(
i wishh my brandon was here :( he's the besst big cuzzo alive
my letter hasn't come :(
me too: wish i was at puscifer..... :(
cheering for my boys thru a telephone/internet is not cool! muuummmm why dont we have foxtel?!? :( :( :(
sorry its not working for anyof us :(
i was just in los angeles max. we couldve gone together damn it! shame on you. you upset me :(
sangat membosankan :(
otw to work. but perut sakit! nak nangis :(
this episode is so sad :(
i don't know what to do now that i don't have a facebook :(
one hour of work then back up here to work at 6am :(
night friend! im sorry i was such a monster today :(
i'm so sorry :(
cannot sleep :(
not feeling good again! :(
right when i get off will decide to tweet and ill be sleeping. :( thats what always happens.
working at my friends, can't drink :(
yea but i don't be on (trendintopic_niecy) my pc got a virus :(
why is life so challenging? i'm a nice person & sometimes it holds me back!!! why do mean girls get rewarded? :(
yayy me too! b/c right now all i have is justin bieber... and it isn't the same :(
sue needs to be able to do more than make the cheerios' lives miserable. :( #thatothergameiplay
omg! where is this happening and how come i'm not there :(
up at amc 20 solo :(
it's so heartbreaking :(
yesterday's visit was nice. missed and but got guitar-pwned by :(
i wish my teeth didn't hurt . i'm really hungry :(
aw anyone wanna take me to watch 'the last song'? everyone watched it today :(
#kevinjtweet pleaaase baby :(
feel betta :-( i hope so i ate subway earlier and my stomach been hurting ever since
where can i see adam mason's pig? i missed it on april 17th! :(
i got out of work at 945. :(
aww, boo. i won't be able to stay up for all of music & lyrics. :( pop goes my heart! <3
gna log out now. tired. :( bye tweeteriezxc.
i don't drink.... and u ain't call me :(
idk who is talking to or about? i am always the last to know or left out of the loop all together??? :(
dress is adorable! dribble hates me. and my auburn charm fell of my pandora :(
i want to listen vagabonds :-(
they're dead to the point of hurting my feet in <1yr. :(
my lovee : ( iloovee yoouuu & ihoppee youu feel beetteeerr :)
haaaaaaannnneeeyy? seems like i havent heard from u in three yrs :(
don't get me wrong pr's were always my fave but wen i go to pr and see those eyebrows lookin btr than mine ---> :-(
joged2 aja yuuuukk.. not a good day.. :(
mmm.. i don't think that... that can hurt you :( you have to appraise yourself, and if he care ...he'll gonna call you
thats what i usually do, but it hasnt worked for weeks :(
poor p. allergies are kicking her little booty. :( poor baby can't breathe
:'( *crys* *crys* yes it would! thats what me mom and all my friends think! i will cry if its true but it now gonna be!!!! :(
it do? :( man, i felt like i should have done something.
:( -- nothing much to do.-- :(
sorry for so many replies :( but i just freaked out when i read your tweet!! happy easter for you both, i love you ♥
without you, i'm nothing :(
lol, gross! that has never crossed my mind until now. i don't think i'll ever be able to see things the same way again. :(
i need a talk with my best friend :( :( :(
hp gue sepi banget :(
it's chou lou shee fun for lunch....... :(
wah :( i just wannaa seeeeeeee yaaaaaaa
its been a while since i had a phone convo with a dude . where's my game at ? :(
you know you're getting old when your friends start having mris for possible tumors. dammit!! :(
i wish was home& that we were reminicsing & making matt laugh at us until we fell asleep :( rest easy ms<3 always missing you.
to triste :(
ai quando #monrose cai no what you don't know, de #uiuiui você fica #mimimi ahahah :(
meng! i missed ncis today... :(
really feeling some type of way right now & i know it's me & a combination of all my emotions... not feeling like me :(
now, you're leaving now! :( i will be sad all week, really just watch. i will miss you too. i love you!
i haven't been on internet much recently and my connection sucks :( what's on there now?
bonne nuit possums, as the broadway exiting : ( dame would say!
my mom says its late.. and then trns off the internet.. is that posible? bye :(
new vogs started falling apart w/i 2 months :(
this fasting shit is not good in my tummy! :( i'm so hungry.. whoever created it i don't like it! imma pig out in second intermission!
no babyyy :( lol
hush! but sadly, truuee :(
follow back pleasee :(
bete banget sayang :( biasalah say pacar esha nyebelin bgtrt aduh kenapa cayaaaang?rt kesel se-kesel nya anjing!
this middest town is gunna miss you :(
this will keep you awake....crying! justin got a girlfriend!!!!! i cant believe justin :(
