but its such a fun game :(
awwww , we'll all miss you loveeyy :( hope to see you sometime again on twitter hun ^.^<3<3 major #monsterlove b4 you goo<3
likely story... :( did you not get my text from earlier?
lmaooooooooooooooooooooooooo i just realized that too :(
is destroying every tribe other than yorubas. my love for her is fading rapidly. smh. :( <looool
i saw :( thats mean of whoever tht was ppl r so stupid sometimes
mines too. i empathize. :(
no entendes q nos haces faltaaaaaa!! :( #jonasbrothers we miss you k2 :(
it is so hot and muggy in my room :( i think i've sweated off ten pounds in less than an hour.
:( #buti
:(
oh lol i get it haha :) ok! :) ceil i miss you! :(
moyniiing hoaaam mommy i'm hungry i need some food. mommy i miss my i need him to be here :(
:(
i miss you too :(
holybijeebas. met cody simpson, i saw him once, but didn't get an autograph :( follow her please.
well they r the same price as other shows, but i just didn't have the money at all tonite :( i didn't know they would release them
bad end to the celtics game :(
i'm starving :( -->lol this tweet when i look at ur pic! wrong interpretation #smh lol
very common for magmahost. :(
awesome lucky u...moi workin :(
rtrtrt please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
fuuuuuck i seriously need .5 wonders of the world :/ i had it but now the file is corrupt somehow :( fuck you itunes
just saw a drawf! the first one ive ever saw. how cool. only took me 18 years damn. still not seen a midget :-(
well i sawwwwwwww!!!! hhahahaha :( am i that ugly????
yah, ga bs numpang dong? cheer up lis anywayrt not a good day.. :(
could u follow me back? :) please.. :(
&+ for some odd reason everyone decides to party when am not goin out. uggghhh.! :( -k i s m-
i have on this pretty dress and he's not even home to see it :(
trusss!!! back in the day it seems that even the commercial music was of good quality, that's a rarity these days :(
:( to being friend-dumped. and that is early to go to bed. ugh, it's 11pm bedtime here now
don't count on it :( /via < y are they still ing mee? im bouttah drain all the liquid out them....
seeing how and i r all bored... i wish we were in the same place--i feel the same way :(
i hate when people don't say hi :(
hahaha oke sayang :* mwaaaaaaach hehe iya sayang gpp kok :) oooh maaf , aku'a ngantuk :( nungguin
story of my life :-(
whatever :(
i have coffee from everywhere and tampons from dc! i could've gotten girly condoms too, but the machine wasn't working :(
ohmygod how did you dislocate it d: be careful sweeetie :( is it better then it was now?
#sigh......@djaphiliated i understand u know.... :(
i hate getting my eye brows done! those asians are roughhhh. :(
:-( :-( i so wanna rise and shine but sun is already up and shining:-( morning:-)
i need to get a new gaga poster since my roommate ripped mine in half :( but i have no moneyyyyyyyy!
#jonasbrothers :) :) :) come to australia or i'll die. :(
omg :( officer struck by tow truck during struggle in street
someone cheer me up :( boyfriend has gone home to visit his family for easter. i miss him :(
it was in like the full water tank. and founnnnd them. they're ugly rn :(
i told you a while ago, #backintheday when we used to be #bestbuds * :(
never finished vice city. even with cheats :(
i need vicks :(
you don't think it's sad that your father is going to die soon? its really sad :(
man that nigguh knew what i was talking bout... after the debacle at work i'd rather not think about kids :(
i feel follows all his other fans but, not mee :( i know he would love to follow all his fans but, he just doesn't have time
ya!!! totally crappy if that's the 13" machine u have ur work done everyday!! :(
yes. very. :(
watching brooklyn's finest by my lonesome :-( ..happy friday
my zippo need the flint changed :( it's currently disabled :((
ke bali say.. ditinggal kmn?? missing my lover 'til monday.. :(
:( you're making me more jealous
i miss going to 83* with and talk about our problems. meet me soon and let's do it again because i have loads of problems now. :(
today stunk,i got both my world cds aken away as a punishment, and the only way to get them back is if 's me, ha bye cds :(
kongko kongko before the test begins --a . it seems harder than before :(
ga bsa tdr soalnya smlm nyis :( asiknyaahhhh hehe (y) dinyanyiin sambil main gitar (cont)
time has gone too fast. only one more week of holidays :(
gonna chiong homework and studying first... :(
ahh well not me!! i wish it couldve seen cherry blossoms in japan...it was to early :(
hohoho hati hati ay! tadi ada yg ngirim link hack dchat fb din.. terus ai buka linknya ..pas ai liat hck langsung ai tutup :(
i wanted to go!!! y didnt u invite me *sad face* ---> : (
cant get to sleep :(
i wish u were coming :(
nobody wants my msn.... :(
md syahril hakim, where are you? i miss you :(
aw u need sumone to rub it lol :( lol
hehe ~ yoyoyy ngidam jga yah sis ? pengen makan yogurtberry :(
aww, take it easy :/ . getting a headache and i have no idea why :-(
i miss you :(
:(
i'm making spaghetti. >.< haha. no meatballs though. :(
this sux i can't eat meat today :(
o :( that sucks!!
kool-aid is the mosy disgustingest sourest so-not-goodest drink ever :(
naww that sucks!! :(
i can't three way calll :( i have to wake up at 6am -__-
kasian liat si taemin ama minho waktu live in my room diem doang.nyanyi pas chorus-nya aja :(
that be sad if it's true. :(
its time for me to go on my family trip :( i'll talk to you guys again on tuesday or wednesday! byeee!
really trying not to stress out. :( i need a hug
awwh.dont be saad about that :( and nuthing
i have to get ready, but i really don't want to. i'd be happy to lay in bed all day napping :(
i hate it when you feel really hungry ; but you feel to sick to eat . blah :(
needs a vacation :-(
her husband is being an asshole about the divorce he asked for. it's a mess, and i don't know how to help her. :(
i know that's your bff . not gonna get in between yall :( true colors came out today
me too. but i won't be able to since i work at one in the state. :(
:(
she's nothing like a girl you've ever seen before ♥ me segue, por favor! :(
i know :( i miss you moree . texter moi !
i dunno what to say :( ★ weekend fun! finish this sentence ... ☛ "i have never ____________ " ☺
kay : ( and yea i kno i am slow
such a lazy day 2day! need 2 go do some grocery shopping, just can't be bothered walking around, boo :(
ugh, i hate that i have barely tweeted lately....lost 2 followers :(
followed no clue, ive been trying too. sorry :( cause it is!! haha
online window shopping :(
i found the perfect pair of high heels but they're two sizes too small. :(
oh that sucks. was looking forward to seeing it. :-(
might pop in. gotta settle these kids down first. it's been a looooonnnnng week :(
well tell her i jus found outt or somethin : ( we always wna chill & this is a perfect opratunity!plus i was too excited bout all us chilln
my left ear hurts :(
bummer looks like only the hooters on aquarium way is open. i didn't know the other one closed :-(
lol mybad but u act like a stranger now of days :(
good boy! protect your balls lmaoo---i dislike when ppl tell me good boy, makes me feel like i'm a dog :(
aq jg mauuu.... :( thanks kk aq udh d'follback nii jdii hri terindaah bwat aq..hehe
why is it that almost everyday this wk i've found something i'm allergic to. :(
i wish you have the same wish at me , you want us to become more than a friend (?) :(
rtrtrt please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
no : ( i'll be your cover girl lol
i wish you and jack wouldn't have met in the first place :(
at home alone...not a good feeling :(
i thought everything was settled ytd, now i realise i was wrong. :(
get on aim because msn hates me :(
ciao! :(
a marriott property (points) :-( not ideal, but can't beat the price
i didn't get to see the sunshine today! :(
i hope so too :(
yeah i know! but i'm not sure when :(
well... i've officially had my first imploded cake! it cracked in three dif places :( restarting tomorrow... #fb
damn everybody at the laker game n more wish i were there :(
gue harus kuat kuat kuat loveyoupras :(
track in the freaking morning :(
still not feelin good :(
i have been slacking on my blog the last couple of weeks :( i'm hoping to change that starting tomorrow!!
yeah, we sent subsidies to raise the non-veggies then have to serve them because they're what's cheap & plentiful :(
getting a headache and i have no idea why :-(
aww. i almost cried for hype 5-0. they should won. :(
