hopelesly this weekend im gonna see you again..... damn plz get online :(
in the light :(
i saw a lot of her books (grandin not danes) at bn and it seems like such an interesting story. no hbo for me though :(
does anyone know what to do when your apps aren't downloading on the ipod touch? ive probably synced it 100 times and they arent there :(
tonight i said goodbye to my baby rusty :( rest in peace
no way! now i feel left out... :( screw you guys! :-p
one of my hunny dips has been in the mac lab all day :( im about to go visit!!
who is that ? :(
it's really annoying when i'm supposed-to-have-a-quiet morning, but instead i ended up in a rushed one. madness! :(
the kitties are staying at the old house overnight while we spend the night at the new one. i feel like a horrible mummy :(
o sumiu :(
i wanna go to new york! :(
:( i need closure. i need to get away from you. i hate that i can't hate you. not even close.
omg i know!! soo sad :(
i'm performing 2nite y'all pray for me plz, i don't kno how i'm gonna do it i pulled my back out yesterday playin basketball :-(
i agreee! where's when i need him? :( these rainny days make me wanna have a bf to cuddle with. 
are yu ever home anymore :(
;) don't i know :/ :(
no rotten peeps 99ct store :( but found this !! gonna do malaya leff to ahlem simsim theme w bunny basket #fb
please folllow me :-( <3
phone off. low battery. :(
there are alotta ppl i miss right about now :-(
im awful!!! :( i think i would just make the team worse instead of better
now... i'm mad at you :(
scratch that! :(
i miss my buddiessss. loads. and now i miss skiing too. :( had such a good holiday, no phone, no drama, no hangovers, no hassle :)
which means you are also at 541live (or almost!) at for the first time. no, i'm not on foursquare. :(
you fucker you probably scared her half to death you meanie xd argh this is scary :-(
kure beach 2006 was the only dnf i ever had :-(
i miss kevin videos on his youtube acc :(
i know a friend who is a brand ambassador and had a party giving a wii out to everyone who attended. i skipped that night. :(
kitten alert! momma cat carried her babies off under my porch & i can't pet em tonight :( they'll be peeping out in days when they can walk
no beach sat. for me :( we r going to cola. what's up for easter, bunny? loved to see u today!
sorry i didn't make it i just got home :-(
heading to see with travis, dakota, and payton. :) my poor car. :(
a lot of people are worried about you.. :/ including me.. please tell us whats wrong :( <3
that and so much more wouldn't be enough for me i've got mob rage bubbling in me venting on twitter is keeping me balanced : (
why do i get my nails done every week damn! ugh :(
preetty much everyone at work hates me today :(
i'm disgusted... :( sorry... why does other people act like chauvinist or whatever it's called!? i damn hate it!!! shizit!
oops, i need it next week :-( but thanx anyway!
rip pilot of smoke squadron. :-( #fab
im really sad that the street teams like gonna go inactive for a bit :( guess i'll buy that shirt on there i wanted since i do have enough
she's gone now :(
t.t huhurt :( yah badan gue panas,please jangan sakit dong strid!!
how come no-one is here?! :(
there's just some days when you wanna kill someone so badly but you cant. so how? :(
misses her septum very much.... **deep sign** if i wasnt a mummys girl i would have repierced it :(
she's all that n a bag of chips....but right now i feel allergic to potatoes :(
i was. :(
errrm yeah babe i can send u a link 2 one site ? n calm down babe about the essay nothing u can now sadly :(
hugs.. you having a bad day? :(
he's back on tt :(
i thought i was hungry, but when i took a bit of my food i couldn't eat it :(
i don't like being sick
you better be glad that im not there arggggh :(
i shouldn't admit to knowing who daphne and celeste were because i was probably around 15 when they were around. :(
i'm going to be a bad seminary student and stay home and have a personal good friday service cuz i'm exhausted and extremely sunburned :(
nathan looks stupid with really short hair. :(
omg pulled the worst joke ever on me , she knows how i get lol :(
i hock venom 8) carmen burned me with her spit :(
booo to being ill :(
once aqain missinq smh : (
fyi, that will eventually timeout :(
can yu change yo name pwwwez i was saving that i my name while yu was just makin yo twitter :(
sad face.... sad face.... =( :( =[ :{ (-_-) tear fckin tear!!!
i can't sleep, can't eat, i can't erase the pain cause i still feel your heartbeat, a million miles away :(
i know 'naturally' we shoulda :( not sure said that the hotel is a good place to see her at (y)
msn constrict, viu :(
jeez. it's been a long time since i ran into a methy tweeky guy in a bar. my husband has somehow allowed himself to be lassoed into convo :(
i don't know :( xx
bullshit #thatisall word, yall really left me, fuqk yall ! i been said i wanted coldstones :( (cont)
whyy? shaant isn't a very nice person. :(
get your license so you can drive down here :(
it's beautiful saturday! verrrry good day for hanami! wish it was on today, not last week :(
would like to sleep, and see tonight.. i sadly dont think im doing either :(
what will it take for you to tweet i am just gonna give up :(
have fun you guys. we are in transition btw visiting familie < :-(
after several upgrades, this is my first downgrade. :( i am glad i at least have a seat. #fail #alaskaair
aw don't say that.. of course i do :) i've been working a lot lately :( how are you?
oh disapointing :(
damn i wanna go 2 that party 2 night, but i feel like shit, i guess its just me,twitter, and the tv 2 night :(
is missin my besties!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : (
knew it!!! :(
:(
not in my building. the city code or ordinance doesn't allow that :(
lucky! i tried to get tix for thurs. but they sold out :(
my friend was going and was going to ring me now she isnt going :(
i got that gross mole cut off today...they used a needle the sliced n diced :( i didn't even cry! ud be proud! miss u guys too!
ughhhh haven't tanned in 3 days :( i'm dyiiiinggg! my mom said she'd disown me if i tan anymore! lol. hmmm... what ta do?!
''as long as i have breath to breathe my lips will sing your praise'' i miss qwanoes :(
theres nothing to do :(
no more pictures? the internet is gutted :(
everybody loves raymond? i hate it, but think it fit the bill... :(
yeah, i just checked and they were around in 1999 so i was 15! i am old. :(
no i haven't :(
i didn't get to fool anyone on april fools day :(
good point! is it your last week of covering andrew next week? :(
i miss that house :( i just miss ppl being able to come over all the time
its been a while since i rode down that way and nobody told me :(
and i would love to work at pine cove. i think they've done all their hiring though :( (and hopefully i'll have a ft job soon)
i've been saying that since freshman year :(
didn't make it to the auto show today.. :(
:( *confused look*
wont get to see this weekend! #sadface-- me dos :(
yeah! i want to travel the world so badly :(
triste :(
i love dara! i'm following him! i tried to get tickets but they were sold out. :(
guessing will never follow mee even thoo i finkk hes a babe! and loved the crush vid<333 :( xx
you been m.i.a. missy! -- my bad :( my you homie!
not one of her best songs though :(
someone come help me load the uhaul.. :( ugh lol
can i special pic or something since i can't be there? :(
prettyy qood . . myy feet hurt ! :(
got fed up with seeing nacho crumbs staring at me from in between keys (grrr goth child) tried to clean keyboard, have broken enter key :(
oh i know :(
:( ((((hugs)))) will pray that you get well soon <3
had to switch the shades there's no more sun out :(
lmao..i'll make a note of that. :(
i'm trapped at until the rain stops, will somebody deliver me some food this weekend? :(
nothing :( i did my hair thing and am sipping on oj now --- ugh that's gross! bet he's enjoying it tho ;p how could you!
i already miss him :(
smh! now its too late :(
lol i'm sayinnn idk wenever i leave the 8th. u tell me i have no wheels out here :(
what's happened? :(
no but he added me on fb :( fmlllllll i'm calling you lata
thanks! it's gonna be like a bajillion hours. :(
ummmmm!! arghh i can't make people laugh on request :( it's normally a natural thing lool :(
ohhhh i gotcha. so ur stuck in between two yappers. ya that sucks! too late to build thicker walls :(
that's mess up :(
lol :(
am i a bad person cause i'm not a real christian? :(
que chato hein? :(
miley made me cry too! i like still am hahaha! :(
