i got depressed & stop watching it after paige & them went to college. degrassi high was just not the same! :(
:( :( deleted alreadyyy -sobs- ill miss you tam tam! iloveyouuu <333 :(
my foot is swollen :( & i'm bored :( can't party but i def need a drankkkkk
have to wake up early tmrww :(
swindle here means good ie. #partyswindle meaning happily persuaded to attend a party ... sorry :(
my web interface is all set-up but the desktop client wont let me log in :( no valid credentials #help
sorry to hear tmz was there faster then you can say cheese. :(
im offended that i wasnt listed in the twit. smh.. wow! :(
sayaaaanngg happy bday yahhh sorry gw baru ngucapin :(
i'm jonesing for venture brothers now. :( i would love a monarch episode right about ...:
just finished hair now im tired my back an neck hurt :-(
sakuuuuu :( he always scores against the #canucks! ughhhhhhh. 1-0 #ducks
okay wow , the computer is boring today :(
ok still sucks sittin here on my own :(
disambut sms dr bu agnes utk panggilan org tua murid :(
so are there young veins mp3s out there other than "change"? i'm missing seeing them in montreal tomorrow :(
though in my new place i won't have space to grow anything, so no more, sadly :-(
:( no
come save me at work so i can go see you already! :(
brilliant movie ... of course i cried :(
early bed for me. i'm so old and decrepit. :(
too bad that ill go to school on monday :(
it's like heaven in a tub <3 hahaha! amazing. saaaaame.. as i said before, msn, fb.. everything dies at like 11:30 :(
feels sick :( not good and a massive #fail :'(
ohhh, god. i hate when i try to flip past the news and see really horrible crashes. :(
bestie..i feel like we havent talked much..i dont like it :(
i wish it was summer so i could go swimming. my pool is prob too cold right now :(
i wish i was blonde& pretty so would talk to me. :(
argg im done with it :( i want moree d:
aww :( wait.. same! just click log in again.
poker night, i still don't get it, i was out immediately :(
that's the only epov she's doing :( but it's a little insight to how he thinks :)
today is officially the worst. :(
damn ok you don't have to bury me like that :(
finally checked my vmail and it's filled wit messages from my family singing happy bday to me... tear :(
ewwwww last song was bad :(
created a puzzle game that may be too difficult. :(
can we pretend i made these candy-filled eggs this weekend? my taxes aren't done and i need to be a grownup :(
i accidentally ate butter today for the first time in 6 months and i feel truly awful. juice cleansing tomorrow :(
oh good then :) anw mau tanya, tp sorry before, dia jadian lagi sama itu? :(
now really, when i said i didn't care, i really didn't. i'm sorry :(
lol (i love minx) look u lady of the nite! im just worried about ur safety wudn't want some1 to snatch u up :(
:-( i didn't stand you up
??? what's wrong? :(
u rite, i shudda smaqd mah friend when she pranked me wit dat bieber april fools joke. i'm still sad :(
that's so sad :(
oh no. :( i hope you're not too beat up. i tripped down two stairs in a show once and gave myself a hematoma on my shin.
not cooool :(
will b on after rory albenese. :( wish she went first.
i feel sad: my cousin is in the hospital!! :-( / how are you feeling?
i'm going to bed :( but i cant sleep because you made me realize that reality is so much better then any kind of dream ! <3
true.. i'll keep an eye out for tweets of spots.. just don't think i can do it $$ wise right now though :(
... what the hellllll is that page???? :(
well, i'm going to bed so i can get up early and walk on the beach<3 i am so glad to get away. but i wish my mommy was here... :(
had such a good day! time to get to bed, not looking forward to spending the day inside working tomorrow :(
i've lost like 3 followers. that's a lit when you only have 26. :-( i don't know why...feel so rejected. lol
that makes me want some but i don't have any bananas. :(
you are not leaving! i need you babes. please don't go. :-(
wth go to mcarthur park real quick bad news guys i dont have my id.. :(
im bout to drop into a minor depression . dnt bee alarmed tweeple :(
i kno :( i used to be up there all the time
ahhhhh my head :(
he probably thinks it was over for me.. but it wasn't over and it still isn't over!! :(
girl, i wish i could have! his security was really tight tho...like only 20 ppl got 2 meet him :(
oh no! the steak wasn't amazing?! boo :(
i should probably go to sleep, i have to wake up early tomorrow :(
#jonasbrothers you just don't know it :( como lloro con esa cancion :s
