i ♡ knowing the bartenders cause they definitely hook you up.but i dont like that ive only had one drink and i am already gone :( cheap date
i am falling out of love with camtasia. :(
i'm hating this dude.. offically ! let's get this part over with.. [ me ? :-( ]
awwww dats wassup! im boreddd now :-(
can't believe i had to throw away my bottle of water that was closed while other drunk a** ppl got to bring in open cups of beer and sh* :(
i miss u! :(
i guess im going to bed now. i think ill watch some glee tomorrow to try and cheer me up. fml. :(
oh, i miss genting and sunway lagoon too! haven't been to theme parks in a few months :(
how did i not know you were in portland tonight? :(
i wish i wasn't in love wit u so i wouldn't feel this way :(
noooooooooooooooooo murio chrissssssss :(
happy bday to ur mom and u have a gf :( if so that sucks i'm a big fan and i'm rebecca
pliss pliss ujan berenti dong!!! :(
every food stand is cash only. :(
oh my!!! wendy williams is doing "ask wendy" at the beverly center right now! til 2:00... i can't make it :( stuck on fairfax. someone go!!!
ngidam starbucks nee . hari ini harus belii :(
uugh what a terrable day :(
i have to wait tell june to see a new episode of my fair wedding with david turtera?! noooo.... :(
are u okay? :(
it was good but man i'm tired my dad made me run all over re-arranging waits ugh lol my legs hurt, i was gonna go dancing :(
damn i see.. thanks for the read. thats just sad :(
oooh nice nicee....mi dey ya a easy u zeet...lolol....stayed in all day! but i have work tomor :(
aaaww man :( lol
i'm already lost :(
huaaa:(rt sayaaang :( :(rt kenapa? tolong ngertiin posisi (cont)
no he didn't jus sey tht :(
i miss youuuu :(
i haven't figured all that out yet :(
 hearing your mom suffer from arthritis pain....not so fun :( || i got you in #prayer
yoo u just seen mee now. hello ? <-- ikno but only 4 a lil bit && iht aint riqht ! :( !
killing an baby!! ugh!! thats sick!! :(
dont play with my emotions little girl. my heart sank a little when i started to read ur tweet :(
can i get a mimosa too?? :(
what happened? :(
dear my knee, can you please stop hurting? not even the medicine is working.. just please stop :(
love,
rose
neither will i :( i still want paige to diaf because of it. /bitter
i am so sorrry i missed the concert. :(
:( sisters do that , unfortunatly
nope :( u?
nawww! :( it really sucks.
he aint home u ask...idk him :-(
:( one of my besties is hurting right now and there is nothing i can do to stop it :( cherish the people u love
i did cruennas he said they won't work w/ the hotel's system only brought the notebook :(
we never talk :(
benasryl and cough medicine, lmao i am going to pass out soon. i hate being siiiccckk :(
i miss the spaghetti and meatballs of #shakeys pizza :(
ciee ciee iss pasti gitu jawabanya :( : di mna2 .
wow yeah some kids i'm around just told me i'm old because they just turned 18. oh my. :(
the only reason i wouldn't/don't approve is because there is no possible way i could go. :(
played me! :(
another night of callin it in early.....smh :(
oh lauren. i miss my pandora station :(
sooo my friend couldn't come out 2nite afterall & i'm so exhausted from work. staying in 2nite...again :-(
i'll never get to experience a mellon arena beer :(
uhh nope i haven't seen it :(
everything good good? where's essay been? he's been #ghost and i'm not feeling that #imjustsayin.... :(
nutella makes my life<33 and i hate that you can't from a phone. :(
@corymoldenhauer is a beast so followthatkid.(:<3
pengenn ke rumahh tmen :(
lost 2 followers in 3 seconds :(
i feel so sick :( going to bed early for the first time this week :)
there is something happen :(
i'm not worried, as i don't have an ipad :(
did a little shopping but i couldnt find a pair of sneakers i wanted lol :(
awwwww :( so your not gonna go? you should go with some friends. i might go to one in pa because msg's sold out :l ugghh.
ahhhh i'm 2 scared 2 go to sleep tht movie was 2 scary *shakes in fear* :(
it was more like "babygirl if i ever get you alone, im gonna f*** til your last breaths". it was supposed to be romantic :(
i wanna hurt my old self for not wearing my retainers on a reg basis. they hurt tnight! :( sleep! least i'll be unconscious drng the pain!
yakss otw to jcc with my dad.. iam so sleepy :(
thank you ! :) is it my birthday in your city already ? haha woo hoo ! i`m west coast :(
:( he's still upset probably :o
yeah, wish you were here!«me 2 :(
