sigh* bt its not my joke now.. :( ... its still funny
but it appears that too many people need help and i don't have enough money/power to change that.it's frustrating sometimes :(
ok i know it's only 12:20 but i gotta leave for work in 6hrs :( some food cooked sitting on the stove cooling b4 i put it away...
nothing special on saturday :(
wanna play in a band again :(
justin bieber isn't trending any more. :(
lol everytime i see with her droid i wanna slap it out of her hand. it reminds me of my beloved g1 :(
*sigh8 bout to cry..... my car..... :(
no : ( i did't go to their hotel and didn't get the meet and greet. so many fans here!
epical boredum...uh hating this all so much..hes not even gone yet & im missin him already :( dont kno wt ima do on monday wen he leavez
aww i'm sorry :( i hope everything is okay now! are you home?
gah why is polaroid film so expensive :( wahhh
i don't think you're a freak at all :(
aw nooo. hello baby is ending on the 6th. :(
ada apa dengans shinee ??? hey~ my jojo~ love~ yes jojo~ aaaaah i miss them :(
okay so ke$ha has 120ish unreleased songs, i currently have 15 :| i want all of them! :(
butterflies....holyyyyy :( i'm so nervous for some reasonn
i'm tryin to tapk to u.. but ur not answering.. :(
i wish i had the same followers as my tweets. :(
i miss u babe--aww and i u!! < i feel like u over seas :(
alex alex alex! is that everyone's name? god :(
tonights craving= chocolate donuts & pretzels. and i have neither :(
i texted back? :(
kinda doesn't like losing herself along the way. :( it's scary...
tem 69 pessoa online no meu msn :(
jd td koq ad ngetwit pk yg junez say? ni khe ko ľų η mamak ny nongol les gw..rt twitterku g bs dibuka,sedih :( lu np mer ?
i don't have non :(
:( i'm totes not sleeping tonight. having your boyfriend yell at you til you cry & then hang up is not a good sleeping technique. :( fml.
you didn't say bye :(
#pistons will always be my #1 team, just miss billups :(
haha shut up .. where you be hiding? :(
can you twit pic the pic he just did. i cant see it :(
i need to not be homeless :(
oooohhhh i feel type slow :(
awww noo :( what happened my dear?
senseless killings need to stop. the pain that it causes is just too much...rip tarchelle we love you & will be praying for the fam! :(
how come you're not following me back? :(
yaahh...susah ya berarti, padahal udah mau dibeliin..*tampang licik..heheh kakak nyampe, sy mesti pulang :(
:( i thought it was a joke ! hello stranger .
where is because i miss him! :(
lol same! only it's saturday here :(
ok. i'm actually in pain. this sucks. i really am old. :(
:(
wish i wasnt sitting home alone, wanna be out doing something! everyday is spring break for me, i don't have anything to look forward to :(
and speakin of that, i gotta work on my laughter. seriously :(
i have icky tummy :(
aww everytime i hear the killers i think of you. sappy but i wanna give u a hug now :-(
::ive been answern all da ?s :( ::rt i think all my followers went to sleep lol who still with me?
i'm having an existential crisis. i do not want to be 31. i'm freaking out a little bit. :(
justin bieber isn't trending any more. :(
and i lost the backrub....................stupid ass computer :(
amber talked 2 the guy i like and found out he thinks im ugly :( he was high 2 so idk :( ughh
there's a beeping type sound coming from somewhere in the house, possibley upstairs, and it's driving me insane! i can't sleep! :-(
are you getting paid by the hour ? i hope your ok :(
whaaa :( line is around the corner all girlsssss come on fellas!! we got a early crowd forward man
i come home from college and i dont even have a bed at home anymore. they like me a lot :( rude.
you find the download code yet? because i sure haven't :(
you'll never notice me :( all i want is you to see i care...
i would have gone with you :-(
aawww there is no one you can call??? do they know that something happened to you??? :( *hugs*
.. in my hands.. i don't think i'm gonna be able to pull an all nighter.. awww!! i wanted to stay up until came on!! :(
haha i love how justin writes eevaaaa or however he spelt it.. i cant see the picc :( theres like an error or sumthin
my mind is on overdrive, i need him. north coast is so faaaar tho :(
insomnia. i'm trying to get rid of this illness, but i can't :-(
you're not :(
rt@420thinks: do you or your boy have a playstation or x-box, they run twitter-ring of fire :(
i miss my baby love... :(
i had to work 3 hours overtime tonight :( i'm tired .
is never too busy for his fans, but he always too busy for me :( . even, he wont follow me :'(
allergies suck. :( apparently i'm only allergic to nc pollen.
definitely nothing to write home about. restaurants have been disappointing me lately. :-(
awwww. :( what if i tempt you with vaguely sexual enticements? ;) ;) ;)
i took that pokeball everywhere! but i lost my pokeball...it was fuckin awesome! i want another pokeball! :( <monsterrr>
omg alex played the piano? aw i missed that :(
damn.i missed 11:11 :( ask me something?
oh really! i'm fine just been pretty busy with school no time 4 fun 2 tweet or even go out! :( school school school....
hmm,kmrn gapny duit. br pny skrg :( waduh!! kalo sepatu mah emang haru (cont)
hell no :( hope they smart enuff to come back
o u ain follown me? :(
baccha in the dabba m workin today :(
alam mo how to operate the built-in mic? :(
i cnt see it :(
stilll sick, been stuck in the house alll night...ugh :(
major purchases make me want to vomit. :( << meeee toooo.
:(
various family easter festivities start soon. i think ill gain 10 more pounds this weekend and suffer severe food coma... :-(
awe :-(
smh how come myspace aint notifyinq me about new notifications? :( , if i qet back at yu late then my bad lol
ooh :( i thought it was a fosters reference?
6 minutes late :( it takes 6 mins 4 not 2 see my follow me?! tweet ;( i'm gonna cry? nooo it's ok he's busy! xoxo ;)
no :( lol but cody, and jordan are lol but i want justin to follow me so bad :(. ohh and gerry is following too
oh my goshhhh you're so lucky. we wanted to wait at the stage door after the concert to meet them but we had to go home :(
okay..fine :(
:: blon ... :(( msih skid ... doain supaya sembuh yah ... :( liburan ?? blon lburr x .. wkwkw .. gag kmna2 ,. lo ?
omg!!! everyone is fighting around here....girls are both crying and fighting and hubby is yelling at them. i cant even relax :(
ohh i tweeted too much todayy :( i'm tweeting like its #tweetietuesday oh no! not good.
lol!! hey can i use some of ur icons? (hehe they r amazing!) &&.. lj is a bitch with me :( !! its confusing!!& weird!!
lmfaooooo.... ummm, i can't say i won't :(
you'll never notice me :( all i want is you to see i care...
i need a job soon! real soon! :(
june 11. yeah already checked it out lol i dont know if part of tour. just wish it was around mpls & not fargo :-(
yeaa , we know,we know!! that's so annoying,but we cant judge him,ahhh :(
justin please dm or tweet me!!!! i never get ur attention!! :( please!
dangit. i had a long streak on jb taptap and i click 16x and i got distracted by face and messed up! :(
ohk yea that's the one i'm rollin too ; damn all bad :(
i miss u more! & nothing i don't have a night life! :( what's up??
#howrude,my besty just kicked me out of her car & called me laaame :( my b.e.d sounds wat more fun then atl right now.
(dayuuum i am lame)
saddd :( .*why halfy?
i took a shower. and now i'm dead. :(
ahh damn i tried! hahah :( next time i'll trade ya for patron cafe hahaha
banget :'( takut gajadi deh :( pokonya ke kidzania harusss jadi!
lmao! she cont come. she has something to do tomorrow. :-(
you might have bought it but i downloaded 'em :-(
nahh i dont have last.fm what is itt ? andd who was your last tweet bout ?? :(
totally just ate it going down a flight of stairs. :( i missed the last step and landed on my ankle wrong.
so i was singing & a fly came straight toward my mouth lmao #thatsasign i should not sing :(
not funny :( lol
my dream & wish is for to follow. will it ever happen ? .... no :(
25% of girls, 13-17 had experienced violence from a boyfriend and 33% had been pressured into unwanted sex.••damn shame!! :(
no :( lol but cody, and jordan are lol but i want justin to follow me so bad :(
i'm watching madonna's sticky & sweet show on tv. i've never seen her in concert. :(
the one day i didn't eat is the one night my mama doesn't offer to feed me. :( tv dinner it is.
please :(
get to see my horse tomrrow, i hope everythings okay with her .. :( she's my lifeee,
definitely a snub! its ok :-( for cs to leave you off their (cont)
mungkin.. huhuu. g tauu deh th gmna shelany stress kli nnti.heert yaaah jd sepi dong nanti :( trs sheila ny gmnrt
so, i went over to my friends house to attempt to fix his old broken video card (8800 gt) (baked it in oven), and nothing. :(
hates pollen eyes watering nose stuff up throat filled with pollen and i blow my nose so much it bleeds :-(
my deepest condolences buat anak smip yg meninggal :( may you rest in peace.
:-(
where is the twitter world? :(
i am too scared to leave here before my delivery arrives. i am missing out on the line-up fun though :(
can you reply to me :( you reply to my friend all the time & never me! let'sssss party okiee :)
why isn't justin trendinggg :(
i can no longer handle weather changes!! :( been sick too many times & we only 4 mnths into the yr!!
oh sal, i love you and will miss you a lot. :(
so the why did i get married too was sold out :( but... we saw my next choice "the last song"... grrrrreat movie!! 1 of my new #favs :-)
