so... friday was good for me. was it good for you? nooo :( bad friday.
dear: i just sent the last 5 mins and past few days to take me to the cd release and she said no :(
my friend. just some crazy shit going down.. aww what happened tho? :(
in 2 dayz.......lmao...ugh yeah 2 days lmfao and i am pissed i gotta work :-( come to copa's with us on mon
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
say whaaaa??? my best friend is moving?????!!!!!!!!!!! major sad :(
nooo, mad snifflin!!! wtf? ugh!!! :-(
ok...i'm bout to slip on this dress! ugh! i don't even feel like club'n....i'm horny! :(
nope :( what about you,any plans for tonight??
watching the lakers game & laying in bed. too weak to do anything else. :( what about you?
nick has my keys and wont give them back :(
it's somber for we catholics :(
really wanted to be taken out tonight. but oh well :( . goodnight<<<dito..u better stay up we got 10mins 4 sammi bday
im sorry :(
suuucks. :( heeeey just wondering, do you have an account on last.fm?
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
por dear john? :(
mles buka twitter :(
awwww :( ... ill go sing for some change
that's beautiful joe. my mom found the bunny i made in kindergarten but lost it again :(
:( sad words from adam corolla on pacquiao and the philippines.
haha yeah la! whyyyy? :(
phones off :(
i miss the crickets :(
what is wrong with me? its like my body is working against me! :(
rubiks ya? bukan, ini benda wee apa?foto lo sama ? :(
get to it, slackass just kidding i just woke up :(
:( i'll stuff it down their gobs and force their mouths shut for you if you want. :)
aaaw.. u're so sweet.. <3 i miss the new malloys :(
haha- yeah she did tell me... ya big meanie!!!! :-( aww, but thank you for your nicr words bri bri :-) xxx
change of plans. went home instead bc i think i have food poisoning :(
sorry.. :( the sewing class i was going to take as a b-day gift to myself is full!!! arrgghhhh!!
sad my primita just left me , and so did the bff's :(
well bub i guess we'll be having a 10 yr reunion instead..the enthusiasm was wayyy low...and our class has no money...#blah :-(
d'masiv aja tu pengen cari kaos band deh buat gantiin the strokes gua yg ilang :(
im not really crying i was acting like i was when i was on the phone with somebody jus playin but i am sad tho for real :(
omg this is so saddddd :(
there goes away my semangat nonton titans :( clashofthetitans is dissapointing. 3dnya ga berasa, (cont)
i dropped it... then i dropped it again.... then it fell... and fell and fell and fell and fell and fellx854. :(
listening to remix version of according 2 you! fuk i wanna party :(
oh there's a lot of them. :(
shiiiit! its midnight, and i just drank water :( fml.
i'm so sicky again :(
hahaha is a dope song haha.... did u check da washer machine??? awww ur wack!!! u aint gonna rock da bandana i gave u :(
haha hey! ummmm...... i just got off work :( how about you sir?
i don't want to think about it, i remember when the show started :(
i actually kinda suck at that game :( lol
oh no poor kitty :( that looks so sore :(
ngelupain lah . bkin skit hati yng. ntr pas udh masuk crta ica yh.rt huhu miss you too :( (cont)
i know! :( it was such a short trip!!
awh, i was hoping to get out of this without doing work at all. :(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
i sent 12 tweets for you and you don't reply me? oks, tom i'm angry :(
because you miss me right? uye why i'm so sad ? :(
"kk: don't go. i don't have any company here! ): cha: awwww seriously?? kk: yes" aww but i wanna leave :(
anybody know if i can pick up my ipad at the ups station tomorrow morning? my building had a "no weekend deliveries" contract with ups :-(
q:why do you play hard to get? :( a:bcuz your anonymous.
i've got easter at noon til forever :(
arrrggghhhhhh nnooooooo don't do that to me... i can't get to a burger fuel :(
the army is here but not allowed inside :( we need a plan b for our evening..suggestions?
all business. i'm attending an economic development conference. it' too bad that french quarter fest is the same weekend :(
it feels like i'm the only one in the house tonight. :(
