all my itunes music is gone. i even tried bringing up a "previous library". nothing. omg :(
oh lord here comes the ghetto loud overly obese woman....every theater has one in ever afrocentric movie :(
if i could teleport i would personally go to pizza hut and get you some pizza and deliver it to you. but sadly i can't :(
mtv is playing slipknot right now, and i am fearing for my life, scary !! :(
i know :( i didn't take a day off this week because i need money.
oh nooo :( dedicating my good friday praters to u
breadtalk pv kurang nge-polll nih rasanya, haiz.. not a great breakfast for today :(
i'm in caliiiii :(
and i missed my 4200 tweet :( oh well it was probably goin to go to everybody who came to the movies to see why did i get married too
of course i am :(
that sucks :( are you able to get it fixed?
what a meanie :-(
lol cute lolz wendys is callin me, but ima send her to voicemail again :(
just lost to cassandra bowling :( damn uuuuuuu gutters!
its time for body pump... feeling so sleepy :(
i know :( i hope this weekend goes by fast for you girly
never. the 70s ruined us for diesel and we're never going back. :(
i can't breathe out my nose! :(
just took a huge swig of castor oil :( followed by orange fanta, shrimp, and a pickle : )
tell your mother im extremely jealous, :(
furious with ups :(
lost 3 followers, thanks guys :(
q:you are mean :( a:#thuglife : )
man, you don't love me no mo' :(
ay! but shit on this school work.. i haven't used my meal plan in 2 days :( where you been?
no different show in sf :( we still can't go, work obligations
like wtf... i'm confused one minute i love being single, n then the next i want a relationship ! i need to make up my mind ! :(
why is it so hard to just feel normal for once, i'd like to spend one day just feeling normal without drama :(
damn i gotta go to work at 1 tomorrow :(
:( i still don't think i'd feed from her
damn i wana go see so bad :(
man im soe pee'd off ritte now soe im not going to raliegh and my qod sister is no where to be found :(
:( take me with you! noone wants to watch it wit me! watching alice in wonderland. :) again. mhm.
vsffffffff, to curiosa :(
smh....you dont remember b :(
oh shit i just choked jay. :(
etrian odyssey just locked up on me in battle when my alchemist cast thor! lost all my progress for the evening. so depressing :(
annnnd i'm off to bed, if only i felt better :(
i wanna be at my good friend going away thing tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
on our way to the club. missin him tho :(
i'd like to, but racedays are always out for meetups. too much stuff going on. :(
must admit y did i get married 2 was on point.. but i'm :-( my boo left me..
i thiink i am getting siick cos of yesterday its was hella cold and i had no jacket :(
things that suck waiting in the support chat queue, dropping from #3 in the queue to #4. comcast :(
everyone went home this weekend :( good thing lives in tulsa :)
i was but my gma wanted me to spent the holiday at home cus i'm never here so i came back to the lou today :(
rip blake carrington. :(
ohh yeah, my kitty died a bit ago :(
abouta watch btr. & and idk carlos' :( haha time for a big time party<3!
is it too late to start? :(
damn :( just for ur blackberry?
i don't want vegeatbles
i want pizza :( stupid life
can find it. :(
yeah :( its mean .. and even when a person is sad the only thing i can get spammed with is shoutouts. wow ;/
you didn't even ask me how things went today :-(
i miss you :( rip.cm <3
my left eye keeps watering like there's no tomorrow! stupid allergies outta nowhere. stuck at work till 10 :( i wanna do something after :)
dammit :(
ooh & a last b-day wish to & tia . (sorry i ruined your b-day tia) :(
rtrtrt please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
i dun think coffee is helping... :(
nothing....nothing is happening :(
i missed the mo show here while i was in chicago for spring break :(
i never had a weekend .... :( .... r u nt hvng ur easter holidays....???
move 2 va is nomore lol six foot anything actin like anything smh he is sooo done with me :-( << who iz 6 foot anythang
will go watch tv .. very very sad from you tweeps .. i followed a lot of people and nobody followed me :( i wanted to get 185 followers 2day
i dont like the new youtube thing :(
yea she's def coming :( i don't want her here ahhhh
did she leave? :(
ihateyou. thats my favorite book and my mom wouldnt let me see it today :(
yea kinda busy on every saturday :( i tutored i have a student who is 5 years old, she's so cute!
