i miss my boo already!!!! hurry up n come back!!!! :(
does anyone know if justin have his ear pierced ? and if he does why doesn't he wear his ring :( ?
i hate when mommy is sick :(
i can usually handle things that are said to me but "you aren't good enough for me" is one that just crushes me :(
my phone just died :( u can call my house 9047941996
tired :( i dnt wana pack anymore...
so what are we doing together and when brotha?? so sad when everyone leaves miami. just think about this time last week :(
she wants to see 'titan' after lunch :( nothing good on at movies. will see. catch up with u later xx
i want a giant eagle as a friend :(
wish was coming :(
all that tea i drank today was a mistake :(
i wish i knew spanish so i could understand wat foreign jonas fans are tweeting :(
fyi.....twitter is no fun without you :( <----amen!!!
i need to know where i'm watching this game 2mrw i don't get my cable till tuesday!!!! :(
detail work is annoying :( i can't wait to show u how jesus' back looked
awee feel better! :(
bummed i cant go :(
lecture cancelled. no college today :(
lol i had 4 rotten kids today lol i have afussy babytonight :(
:-( me too
i just finished my packing on to my new pad. :-( i miss burbank already!
is just....tired :(
sorry fr u :( where do u work?
not good yet :(
i miss going on twitter on my old one :(
that is so lame :(
i'm sorry honey :( that sux!!!
downside to the warm weather: it's hot in my room. :(
nope, not a ring tone by dl, but some by other band that do not sound the same. :(
it didn't at all, she truly loathes the wey :( will do, proud she plowd through anyway .. pretty girl!
that's true. they had some super cute ones, but not in my size. :(
lol my hair was a mess when i met you guys! i haaaaaated that colour, bad dye job before tour :(
julian mcmahon's mum died!!!!!! :(
#kevinpleasetweet por que te extrañamoz! :(
laaaaaaaame. you totes coulda made it out to trash. we haven't even left alfred's yet. :(
the #501st was at #wondercon after we left :( but gonna go see the clone pannel tomorrow! wooooo!
no fair no chill with jason :(
they reckon it's from my chest infection that i had a little while ago :-( (i thought i'd broken a rib)
just talked to my "older brother" john, he's back in hawaiiii!! only for a minute though :( def hope i can see him if only for a bit.
though i never had a chance to go see the filming :( because they were filming in el teide :(
my brother is going on a college tour this week, he's growing up :(
aw! jonathan i'm so sorry. you know what i mean. :(
give me back my tired :(
you look like my cousin kinda! and i think shes pretty, so u are to! he dmd me but deleted it it. :(
fml right now!!! :(
wish i had an assignment to work on that didn't make my brain melt. :-(
i'm watching videos of sevendust at i'm sad that i didn't get to go. :(
damn....well now im depressed :( lol
today flew by :( i don't mind work days going by fast but when i'm off work could the days pass by a lil slower? that'd b fab.
the heart never lie :(
its over for the red! natural hair won't show it. :(
oh sweetie i dont do my space. sorry, i dont know how to work it :(
#random i wish you were here :(
i am 3 weeks behind! my roommate watches american idol. :(
get on here!!!! i'm so bored and alone. :(
to you are the funniest person on twitter who never posts anything funny. :(
sad i didn't get to meet you during mania week! :(
i'm not sure people realize how unwieldy a freakin 100 page word document with track changes turned on is :(
im sorry. :( its happened my whole life. :(
i shouldn't have to have a stewartless weekend :-( go 14!! lol
nothinq we stayed home , we sick :(
girl it was only ok :(
me! except now you live forever away... :(
was my only cookie too. was savin it for dinner :(
sorry i cant follow anyone ive got my follow limit :(
very. christy isn't here and she makes work fun. i'm all bored :-(
what are u sayin :( ? lol
lol that broad needs therapy! i got tired of msgng her because i felt like i was talking to myself :(
50/50 is $14,123! i am not the winner :(
wow this is gay. condom sizes should be, xxl, xl, l, m, s, xs, xxs, xxxs, justin beiber. its a fb group. :(
boo, so much pain :(
