yeah its not. :(
ud g pke simpati lg :), :( g bs k grjsa bsok :( soalnya mw chengbeng rumah puny, sdih
shanghai for a few days so no twittering for me :(
hard to say good bye :(
ahhh cnt find the video :(
in concord mall all by myself :(-- i be there by myself alll the time :(
«lol sorry babyyy. was 5th grade! hehehe»rt i'm jealous u got a slumber party! :( where was i?
oh, are you going to have to get off? :( i hope not but you know i got you covered always :-)
guess i'll b talkin to u on here.. :( dm bae
wish i could say i was but i'm unfortunately working :(
hey!!!!! :( how you play me? le sigh angel!
i was trying to find the making of s.s. on youtube, but it seems it's not there! :-(
throat hurts :(
i misss youuuu :(
shhh it's a sad moment. i just want to be loved right now. :(
i have to go, and you didnt tweet me or shoutout me :( oh well. i love you<3
ugh crazy ass day! spring break is almost over :(
im wit it, but she aint wit it, she dont like girls :( well have a threesome
why is it soooo hard to find a guy that likes to laugh, has a nice smile, and is careing(not a jerk)?? i wish there was a guy like that :(
and the pride ? :(
my strawberrys dyin :(
no movies for me :(
i wish i could have another day with u :(
just twisted my ankle :( running down the stairs in the dark
ever since i drank verdi.. moscato doesn't satisfy anymore.. ughhh :(
i'm sad i missed what him and didi said about lee. :( haha.
i do live close and i can't go! :( it is the most epic fail ever!!
sorry i have a follow limit :( but once i don't have one i will follow them
si tan solo john cusack pelara mis tweets :(
didn't get carded at ralphs. i always get carded at ralphs... :( next, aarp card in the mail
taking a nap now got so much shit on my mind need to just sleep it off hate making bad decisions! my life is so wrong now! :(
#thankyoushawn seriously, no words. :(
awww :( which one is sick? is he feeling any better now?
dang. he forgot about me. aww. :(
my head hurts :(
ya tomorrow wish we were there! :( watching cars with medina and mir
man i think i lost one of my new gauges :(
sorry cant meet you ♥, so sorryyyy :( imy much.
what's up mama ? u not speaking to me :(
haha fair enough. i havent seen anyone :(
im crying my eyes out :(
i hate that i am going to miss my family #easter get together tomorrow, but a girl has got to work! and i am so far away. :(
having shooting pains down the left side of my back. it happens randomly, like when i'm walking, and i think i'm going to fall :( it hurts.
aw anyone wanna take me to watch 'the last song'? everyone watched it today :(
i dont wanna go to bed early tonight :(
wat the hell do i want 2 eat :-(
i have strep throat :(
this road is scary :(
i had mad fun partyin wiff durin da commercial break at -im jealous lmao :(
man, all those hand stands, and break dance moves really bruised my muscles :(
jeez, it's april already! can't believe how fast time goes! it's a shame really :(
i wish was home& that we were reminicsing & making matt laugh at us until we fell asleep :( ..rest easy ms<3 always missing ...
(-̩̩̩-͡ ̗̊--̩̩̩͡ ) smoga cuma mimpiii.. me too.. but i can't differentiate if it's a dream or real :(
sinii sayang :) mw ksana :( jogja emang mempesona :) hhahaha
rip :( notre dame recruit, standout lineman matt james, dies in spring break fall from third-floor balcony
can you give me and my friend a shoutout! my other account got deleted and i just got 100 on it :(
...i m talkin specifically to athithi who is planning to spent fri-sat-sun my place to ruin my long weekend, kindly read this & act :(
would love to but already said yes to a friend's weekend invite. :(
my bestie is really sick and its scaring me :(
