can someone bring me some oat and walnut pancakes from ihop with a side of bacon? thanks... :(
:( all out of poppy cock
channel 4 juz said dallas police are now officially gonna charge wit a $500 fine :-( but she got a trillion $ free promo!!!
#nowplaying i need love-ll cool j :(
hey km ko gitu sayaang :( my fault about expecting something today, my fault about still (cont)
#ff dis stranqa ; kant eveb come cee mhee &&| he livee dwn thee block 4rm mhee :(
i know! it woke us up :( i would have been so scared if you werent there :) haha
omg matt opened the window in nj and i gagged... it's smells like everyone ate eggs and got sick. ewwwww :(
#nowplaying miley cyrus when i look at you *i miss her tweets. :(
please save mr.bun-bun. :(
você sumiu :(
i know what you mean :( but it was exhausting for us to keep up with imagine how it felt for him! he needs to rest and refuel.
im scare of the dark :-(
:( i feel like the band broke up with me too. i wouldnt even know you without them! </3
i mssed uu too :( what are we gonna do tomorrow yeah!?
i was walking with my hood over my eyes cause the wind was drying out my eyes and i knocked over a little girl :( my bad...
hp gue sepi banget :(
worried now. still says departure scan from china. if the ipads on the korean flight of doom..i will hate korea :(
on laptop. bb error terus :( so not helping the situation i'm in right now! *coughing
masi biru bgt git makin lebar gitu zzz mpe gw males liatnya.. duh sejak kpn gw pny rok gitaku syg hehe :(
allergies this year! :( they weren't that bad last year. booooo! living in the garden district doesn't help at all! all this darn pollen.
i hate watching tv sans hd! :(
i can't get over how hurt and angry i am. what a joke. :(
without him there will be no show :( charlie sheen is leaving two and a half men after this season (s7) concludes. #tvnews
heeeeeeeaaadddaaacccheeeeee. go away pleeeeeeease. its not nice. :(
i'm not that naïve... i know this country is rotten, but i didn't think i would do even tiny thingy to support any kind of corruption. :(
h. edward roberts, pc pioneer, r.i.p. :(
ahhh braaah u aint w/ my team :( waaaaaaaamp thas weak!
damn! heard about this too late. of course they're sold out :(
aw that's a bitch. i'm sorry :(
i fall in love with that shoes :( *tempet* ah.. i'm not alone, tempted with the highheels one
1) next to police hq -- for any violences, police is to be blamed for 2) easy civil war leads to coup a' ..looks ugly :(
where nice eyes boi she was hardly on today :( ...this is wht you're concerned abt? smh...
:( miss u 2
my lonley cabin bed. i seriously might die tonight :(
is bored watchin tv here :(
i rlly wanted to c tht movie 2day but didn't make it :( hopefully 2moro tho... btw, luv ur display pic lol
:( lauren killed our tapfish
also, pray that in not being like him, i am able to have sympathy and compassion for the sad, angry, intolerant person that he is. :(
rt!! dear time, would you go slower? :(
i'm sorry babe hit me up if u need anything she fractured her clavical and bumped her head :-( (cont)
beli lah bi #ifreakingwant an slr camera so baaaad :( #hbu
:( sigh. i haz not seen, i haz a tear. & make sure reports back on the rob hotness factor. :)
i'm okay! my lil nephew is in the icu! poor lil man! :(
no where now they cancelled on me :(
twitter and youtube have been so quiet. :(
follow please! shes amazing and i wish i was like her. unfortunately...i'm not. :( xxxx
wtf? they changed our coffee vending machine?? no more #1a6 :( now i have to hit all these stupid buttons and its more expensive!!! grrrr
sucks that my didn't win :-( good game anyway kinda sad but i'm proud of my boys!!! #getalittlemagicinyourlife
im sorry :(
lucky u, i have 2 work dat day :(
:( aw those stupid people should just leave you alone!! :(
thanks for the coverage!! [ you missed a few behans though :( ]
im concerned about my cousin :-( she's like a big sister 2 me..
haha im like u bb, im usually glued to my laptop or blackberry when we have r/k goodness lol watching tv is a last resort :(
meanie you never hang out with us your fucked! :(
understandable. :(
