lol, am i not worth it then :-(
what? it is already 11:23 pm here? :(
u trying to tell me sometihing? fine then i'll ignore you too :( *pouty face*
my fingers hurt. damn callouses :(
my allergies and this pollen in fl is goin to be the death of me :(
sry but i really don't like him. his music is okay but it's getting way too overrated. and jb is getting more underrated :(
having a rootbeer float. its the first time i'm having soda since i got braces in 6th grade. is it weird that don't really like it? :(
we miss you too! you missed an epic surf.50's sing along about my girl friend mary jane :( we'll write one for you!
:-( i dont ; i have bad memory
yeah :( but it doesn't mean anything hahn left at the beginning of s5 remember?
lol i never said anythng was wrong wit that! i miss it! now idont have a personal movie reviewer :( go see hot tub time machine
how r u? // awesome! :) but i don't have any roller coasters! :(
due to f4 #technicaldifficulties..i cannot make it to icon...smh we shall have a mini bday party for u to apologize :(
well i gtg :( bye guys! cya tmorrow!
it just finished :( its showing again at 7:15am. lol
im in gb, but im sad that i dont get to see my haleybear. :(
something tells me is showcasing new material tonight. frowning for miles. my car can't make the trip. come back to sf. :(
anyone know which warehouse 13 ep is airing tonight? still waiting for the rerun of breakdown since my dvr unceremoniously dumped it. :-(
man you needa come :( i hope you can!
i'm going monday. and it is indeed all bc oswalt isn't playing :(
i'm working if that makes u feel better :( *hugs n lovez n 666*
:( i was hoping benoit made the team! #rays pick ekstrom for final bullpen spot, benoit will go to triple-a
i wish. but i don't have the money to dish out, i'm sorry :(
i wanna buy a book on the biography of jeffrey dahmer, but i don't wanna look creepy :(
prostitute, 21, severely beaten, caged after trying to escape pimp, fulton police say. this is so sad :(
me too :(
just paid over a grand to get my vw fixed :( ...looks like no ipad for me in the near future. boo my car!
i just upgraded to an intensity by samsung. it's ok. not perfect but i like it. better than a flip phone. :( :)
yo no la vii :( u have 2 be kidding me.. todo el mundo te vio... bruja! see u soon, miss you
yup! lol wtf angels are down by one :(
it's kinda getting cold out :( i really want summer to be here!!
and shrimp ummm ummm good<< can i get some :(
haha. rightt! :( if i came to visit would ur mama let us sip some wine together?
i'm packing my hopes and dream into a little box and i'm gonna open them next year, got too much to do this year :( night x
i hate tire issues :( glad you and brakes had fun in tho we'll get 'em next time
is on some other shit right now talkin about i treat her like shit smfh :(
ray got to bless a temp at work. he has baby triplets. no check for a week. been eating beans. :( ray said his smile was so worth it.#cool
i'm really feeling shitty. i'm so wrapped up in myself that i didn't notice. :( suck ass friend i am.
what tour is david having? im confused lol... i bet he isnt coming to the south :(
lmao yes but the doctor called eric and said he thinks he found something else wrong with him not just stomach cancer :(
it's not working!!! :(
i wwuuvvv youuu. this isnt as good :(
hmmm.... i havent heard from my nerd today. mah feelins hurt :(
i wanna go!!! :( i really wanted to go
about an hour and 40 left of work. probably should get back in to actually doing some work. been sleeping in late and not doing any work :(
i remember seeing taylor swift on the good friday appeal last year. but she wasn't on this year :(
mano, eu sinto inveja do teu c* é serio :(
i'm so so sorry :( prayers to you and your family.
so much pain :(
emang lg dmana rue? rumah..rumah.. aku kangen.. (huks..huks) pgn pulang :(
i'm serious! lol. my friends dog just bled all over her bed cause of that. ew. poor steph :(
sorry for ur loss :( :hug
:( wtf is dat? and wut time u gottta b at the club?
thanks everybody who came to my cookout!! :)<< :( i wasn't invited
i can't do it either :(
if the new record seriously has auto-tuned vocals on it, i'm going to kill myself. :(
actually going sleep now :) maybe i'll wake up with a goodnight from or even a dm,i guess it'll only happen in my dreams :(
i can't :( i'm working! are you working on the 11th?
whew. this was one of the only times that mae has actually cried herself to sleep. i hate it, but i had to get dressed. :(
well this sucks the xbox is not cooperating, which means no rockband :(
aww. i loved him on dynasty. :(
jess invited me buh i had no ride :(
super burned!! ganna hit the sheets..gotta work 2mrw :( :)
aawwwwhhh nooo its sooo much tension :(
hoy you're going to bora with the boys? :(
i'm too broke :(
