i have not idea what movie you are talking about :( these trees, whatever they are, smell terrible when they bloom.
wow you have so many followers :] i only have 336 :(
i didnt see u :(
what ever happened to the hit list coming to the iphone? it's been like over a year now :(
:( well wut havent u seen yet?
you know i'll be there, my day is going to be out of control! sadly i won't be leaving work with an ipad :(
dm me whats wrong :(
sorry for the delay! hard to capture the fuschia on my phone cam :( here's my new brows and my new ray bans :)
i had a wonderful xmas except our grey cat is lost in dominican republic dominican republic :(
feeling low without ever getting high. :(
that sounds like the better plan to me too... but u know my hubby never takes me anywhere :-(
its not an option for tweeps that are private :( i'll cut & paste it, tho!!
finally off an i'm starving!! no break 2day!! we were too busy :(
i heard that was an april fool's joke :(
:( frustrated
video chatting with nadia (from jamaica) and her vacation friends. i miss her :(
i suddenly have the biggest urge for a drink. too bad i'm detoxing. :(
:( aw
my rooms so hot and uncomfortable :(
australia bishop compares atheists to hitler the sydney morning herald (via aw, hey now :(
just got home from work, today was my last day at might site now they r sending me some where else :(
i know....i'm mad, i wanted to go :( & ptshhhhhhhhh.girl.i'm too through with these crazy people.
back home n kinda mad n tired but i still aint finish this work :(
by the time i'm done glamming up every1 else, i have no energy left for myself :( smh. guess i'm saving the best for last..meee!! lol
actually could you not please? i worry bout the kids... sorry :(
guh!! this shxt iz stuck n mi hair :(
man :( mad imma miss the mix & mingle at #agp ..on wed
hes never on he used to be on all the time but now never why why why :( do u not have time for twitter
whats wrong? :(
shes such a fail. and 3oh!3 are featuring in that song :( i like 3oh!3 but they collab with shit people.
i don't think so either! :( there's no money. i get sad everytime i think about it. ughh!
the candy made me happier. but now im getting bitched at. and im gunnna cry :(
i miss u soo much ŋ i don't know how to say,bang please come back home soon :(
what sun? there's sun? i must of missed its appearance :(
you’re too sweet hunny@! i wish i had more than iphone tethered internet so i can watch your live streams! :-( savin’ up 4 shr
it's crazy guys can lie and tell all this things to females but at the end they don't care ..... i swear they don't have feelings :(
dear lord: i apologize for inhaling 2 plates of food while there are starving children ... please just make the tummy pains stop :(
there's is something non-human in my room. can't see it but i hear it. :-(
pke ticket g ka acrany?rt ya sayang.. :( yaaaaa gabisa nonton *surprise!
got his feelings hurt. :(
just overstuffed, poor little guy! :( he went right down afterwards & has been out since. mama's fault; too much mac & cheese!
so i'm loosing : ( madden not my game lollmao damn
i can't believe i'm having allergies to what i dunno :(
iim dead inlove ; thiss shit iss sad :( <-- #damnn that #suckss ! noo good lml . « whoo uu tellinqq
ok, right now isn't verified but if he does, lol, that will be too funny, but i'll be upset bc jermaine isn't yet still! :(
back from paris! :(
this would happen to me. :( sittin outside work waitin on jill cuz ithe door won't lock fml!
must be going around twitter pretty fast...number is busy :(
#goldenticketbuddy :(
yeapp :( juss fo break righ ?
:( did you check when yer dad is leaving to go to tdot?
get well soon sheila :* morning. my body feels so unwell today :(
im having an anxiety attack. i can't take this :(
dont say tht :( #ff my bestfrienddd
get me sumthaaaaang in the vendin machineee assshole im hungrrry :( < "asshole"?... you get nothing
:( i know.. maybe i'll just not say anything to him and he will get the point when he sees i am single
why? :(
excited to spend the night with and on christine's last night :(
gosh. sick :( cough, flu, sore throat. how awesome.
guess i won't be making it down for the shuttle launch :(
my status is lonely :(
yuwie has change :( no interactive feature
i will have to say wdigm2 took me through the emotions! but i just didn't like the ending :-( ooh yea tasha smith is my bish!! ♥ her!
jus lay'n here butt _ _ _ _ _ wit nun to do :-(
so you didn't help me move! :-(
needs a hook-up on some serious cramp/pain reliever & quickly...my stock is running low, there4 i'm a very sad panda. :-(
i have missed the soup.... i have missed tv period. :(
new episode! everyone listen, these guys are great. last episode :( i hope not last ever though...
