where r u? ur supposed to be hangin wit us :(
well i think i shud b doing other hw i can rite now.... bye... :(
fuck u too!<--- :(
think i missed something... is the fxiii interview up? sorry, been chaotic here. :(
man i'm goin to be in clemson next week :( sorry can't make it
i had a scare about a week ago, but it was for the hubs :( 603 area code, i about crapped my pants! no luck though
im on my way to the club. but i would rather be home. i'm sick :(
had fun today :) soo not looking forward to working tomorrow at 6 :(
did she perform yet??? i'm not gonna stalk u but please send me a pic, video, something!!!! please!!! i should've came :(
where is i miss him and his tweets. just watched him tweeting on nurse jackie :-( come back to me and my mom......
oh man. my life is so exciting i have to share. i am watchinf lord of the rings fellowhsip and baking a cake no one will eat but me. :(
fire starting fail :( fuck moe
lol so u aint like my names :( im sad
i really miss la!!!! :( i can't wait until april22-26 or may13-17 to go back!!!
ooooh i'm not sure then hun :( sowwie
scratching his balls on my bed. :(
home sweet home :) literally been going since 8:30 this morning and am working at the speedway 2mrw all day :(
hey~ my jojo~ love~ yes jojo~ aaaaah i miss them :(
i know :( &i know nobody is gonna save me food lol
hey k! i haven't got to see vampdiaries for this week :( when i see it i will letcha know. i heard it was good. i'm watching
my baby had a nightmare :( he was screamin he scared me -.-
its just me and my gummy bears :( and my favorite cuzzo :)
i wanted to go out wit my bro tonite, but its 21+ events. so im home alone :( lol
but but i want both teams to make it in :(
:( i'm sad i'm not there have one for me«wateva lol i'm mad u»
word no love for me in that tweet? #douche :(
who apart of #teamindacrib right now{---meee but i wanna go somewhere i'm bored :(
you had thai food in buffalo?! :(
ha! i'd just call her a dumb bitch, whore, asshole :-( lol
i miss you :( i havent talked to you in so long :(
here :(
lolz yea ... no thanks to yu !!! :-( lolz
i totally agree. which is why i'm totally torn about buying robw. it's bruce wayne, but written by gm :(
fortunately, all of my writing is currently on this netbook and not my desktop. i need something to back up onto, though. :(
all dressed...but feel like i look gross :( my eyes are all puffy from allergies!
but but..... you always let me call you matsu-nii before. :(
i'm gonna really miss my mom when we move, she only lives 1.5 hours from us now & she'll be across the country soon. :(
i did come down at 815 but couldn't find you anywhere. :( glad you are back in tho. sleep well. /cc
no problem and oh i see well thats good its going down. :) i hate being home alone.. :(
...what lyrics are those? :(
i've been here an ignored :( *tearing up* #imoffthis gnite to all c ya in a bit... *cries*
but maybe i just dnt want you going outside at all or i dnt want somthing happening 2 you :-(
yg warna item pake resleting hadiah ulang tahun ke 9 ituu loh :(
thanks raila lol :(
i hope i'll get to find u one day....but i just got done watching ur video and how come i dont get shout outs no more :(
my eyes! they've been air-conditioned into oblivion. :(
aww feel better, ive been there too :(
wait no it didnt :( you said that out of pity >:(
it's a wonderfull saturday, but it going to end, soon.. :(
now you want me to forget every little thing we done together :(
i miss you :(
you know... i get really sad when i find a dm from don't let it happen! :(
i was gone come over there but somebodys mad... :(
apples to apples :) i wish would play :(
i wish my cousin was here :(
not such a fan of the jacquie lawson online cards--but i feel obliged to watch them when sent by loving family :(
my brother is about to have to go to the e.r. willl you tweet me please! it would help!?! im begging!!! :(
well i've been having some bad fridays then :-(
:( bummerdon't you hate when you're 1 short of something cause you know you'll buy more stuff just going out to get 1 thing
hehehe..mang buka ampe jam berapa ya? ana nyampe kan baru setengah 7 gak niat! ish,,andai ada freepass :(
sorrryyy ifeel asleep aftr ismoked lol :( and um me and are going 2 the movies if u wanna go ithink niko is n rancho
we in the #dream baby! super salty baby sis shay shay didn't come out! :(
ugh! :( ugh! i don't wanna go....i think ima cancel! i'm hoooorrrrrnnnnnnyyyyyyy! :( <~make that call!
csm grooveshark se callo :(
i just woke up from the best dream ever: i found my old cocker spaniel. i was about to take him for a walk, but then i woke up :(
haha lol aww! have fun this weekend, yep i have school too! were both gonna be at school :( sucsk lol 8more weeks for me :)
yup, my sister was right. you dont know i exist. you followed me because i begged you to :( you have no idea how much i <3 u!
hey! jasmine can u wish me a good night cuz i bet i cant sleep tonight :(
same, till i wake up!! :(
i cant believe how many of my facebook friends arent fans of honor society :( just suggested quite a few people
:( the picture didn't work
june? i hope it's an album :( yui to release a new single instead of an album?
18... and i wish i was still a kid :(
cool!! i had a horrible mommy night... :(
finally finished one project! and now it's midnight and my husband's asleep. :(
i work all day too :(
hello internet. i`m bored again. :(
nahh.. dont have plans also saturday night.. :( same banana! more movies i guess.. haha
i wish i was with my brother and sister for easter :( but i am excited about the chocolate!! lolol who else is excited??
i miss and his flirty late night tweets :(
hiks..hiks..hiks sabar.. semuanya.. :( apanya? (cont)
i wanna watch too!! :( dammit... *shakes fist in anaheim's general direction*
it totally does! now i'm sad though, i miss you. :(
yes the curls are not acting right! :(
my high heels is to high :( hanjeeeeengs
let's trend #501carrotsformal later, 9-11pm kst. join us, and let's make it number one! :) -don't know if i can join later, no internet! :(
i wish my cousin was here :(
i've been here an ignored :( *tearing up* #imoffthis gnite to all c ya in a bit... *cries* wats wrong bd
yea :(
tell me why the cute guy from my class just called and i couldnt pick up cause im at work :(
oh gyp, not enough plagers tonight for cthulhu :( so we'll play cthulhu munchkin instead. never played munchkin before, should be fun
#kevinpleasetweet :(
good morning tweeple :) another day in paradise !! it's saturday but still need to go to office for few hours :(
awwww :( stupid jerks. one lady was a real bitch to me today...don't let them drag you down!
apparently in avoiding the asshats online i doomed myself to having an entire section of them here?? :(
i'm shocked. i miss my sister. a lot. :(
blogs got down bad...got some help.... but more is required!! :(
i failed at taping smallville while i was at work. :(
i'm glad u & ur car are ok! :) i wasn't even going fast when i rear-ended the bmw last year, & i still did $7.3k damages on them :(
...which totally sucks, cause i was fine before! :(
:( i go through shit like that all the time. i don't think i would've made it through summer without my bf, honestly.
you'll never notice me :( all i want is you to see i care...
i just remembered that my mom's buying me an inigo montoya shirt. evening went from :-( to :-d
finally get a chance to text and no one has anything to say :(
hey! u going to the sidebar joint?--- ahhh man, im tired. :-/ plus i gotta work at the other job at 9am. :(
the friends i went to #pax with tried to play cod4 mw2 in the freeplay room steam, but it locked up all our boxes 3 times. :(
booooooo! stupid creepers. i'm so sorry. :(
yeah..that's true..you are pretty cool...lol
and your making me sad... :(
the clash of the titans..i wanna see to :( bt i dont wanna go to the movies myself ..nid a man to take me :(
i'm just leaving! damnnn :( i wasn't at studio 8. next month let's go there together!!!
ooohhh i do not miss that!! sorry! :(
miss you too :( confession: sometimes i feel really afraid to txt you :/
awh. :( thats not too good. you should care. i don't want your info/life to be invaded by crazy weirdo people. trust me.. i know.
ohhh :( well you're cool, dont be afraid to be different yeah, who knows you could be a trend setter over there! ?:)
thx, but the hiring center said i didn't pass the pre employment assessment. i hope it's cuz i'm not 16 yet... : (
... *hugs* i'm sorry, aria. i truly am. (awww! :(
only once in a tweet :) if you put it more than once, it will think it's spam and take the tt down :( just to let you know ;d
goodnight. 12hrs at work today and far more tomorrow. all worth it, altho why is everyone going out tonight :-(
30,000! i got 3 lol :( for some reason i cant get people to follow me lol
im sick :( so i thot instead of being sick and bored, i wud help deja haha
sophia! are you ok!? :(
biarinnnn :( sabarrrr~ twittnyaa serem abiss sihh -.-
miss my jasper :(
wht can i do for a tweet from u,? :( pleasee im clueleesss.;/ but i still belieb
no it's premiering right now. pissed i missed most of it. no one even mentioned it to me tonight. :(
i got that feeling too :-(
i don't have enough of my fellow monsters following me :(
take me home please #begging :(
yo tbm :(
i've been a really good girl. i need new shoes now :(
oh nooooo! :-(
*.* bebe! sorry :( #jonasbrothers
mad my boy is not at wet willies with me :(
me too :-( smh..i'm still feelin the after effects from imperial..
i also have to fit hair clients appointments in. plus my bby is gonna be gone most of the day :(
does dm his fans? cus i haven't gotten one yet :(
now i really mean it time for bed i have to work this weekend :-(
dunno how he'll handle bruce wayne and i'm very nervous. :(
