yes of course! and i saw an earlier tweet mentioning such song! my song tonight is "baby baby baby oooo" justin bieber... :(
#kevinpleasetweet rulos!!! hazme feliz y twittea :(
my tummy hurts :-(
i never c ur tweets n e more :(
oh laws! 'why did i get married too' is a tear jerker :(
awww :( being in love is not what its all cracked up to be
paketku habiss ayy :( final mei pertengahan deh kyanyaa.. knp ayy ?
hello rhondatannnn (: i have a whole bunch of em lying in my hse. my bracesss :(
i'm workin, i mean i could just buck but…i won't get paid :-(
got on #uggs n feet r still cold :-(
ugh ik i have nothing to do but i dont want to sleep but its like past 11...and im too tired to watch movies on youtube :(
my phone is damage but it still works...i wish could notice the fans of puerto rico... :(
hahaha yeah finally i able to watch it .. but, we indonesian still doesn't have tr or even wttr :( boooo..
i know :( i want one but like. idk lol. i think its worth it in the end. but i dislike needles. lmfao
:(
thats a love story? whatd you see? the last song pissed me off compared to the book :(
i love chinese food but after finding out being allergic to peanut oil that stopped that for me :(
i could of been playing for csun! :(
feeling tired but not too much. the local schools are on spring break now so i won't get any subbing jobs for another week. :-(
just looked it up, joe mad! never finished battle chasers & doesn't seem intent on ever finishing it. :(
#epicfail i missed 11:11 :(
ok so ... someone here who is good making people smile? i could totally use a smile on my face right now .. (: :(
guess i am going to have to burry my head in the sand now. you are not liking any men now :-(
your videos skip for me, and no one elses do. what the helllll?! it makes me sad :( has anyone else told you this?
oh, poor u girl :( hope dumby, i mean kenny ;) doesn't get frost bitten...train that boy better than that lol!
i scratched my arm and i never noticed it was over a cut and i just looked down and it was spouting :(
our parents won't let us :( but if youre not busy tomorrow then we can maybe do something.
i miss you :(
my goaal for today waas 350 followers, but i only have 342 so i think i will get only to 245 today :(
ohhhh i see. i wish i could go to him singing the national anthem but i live nowhere close to there :(
ok game tom. morning... so the woman is forcing me to sleep :( ok byeee
don't have anywhere to go :-(
just found this out. it segfaults for me on startup :( i tried terminator-bzr too. #fail #archlinux
yea, it really was sad :(
lol nah no one friended me :( #lonelytweet
just got home ahh .. got a fresh hair cut and go lined up :) .. but i'm staying home tonite ugh :(
i'm sorry :( i really do care, but i have to go since its reallyyyy late. good night :)
i wish could notice the fans of puerto rico.. :( you have really great fans in puerto rico!
hey hey now. i thought we were over this . yes i steal drinks ( i dont mean too :( )..moving on!
i gotta make it 2 skool by 9 2morrow. i have a client n i have 2 make it :( might have 2 blame it on the alcohol if i don't. lol
i am sorrry :(
it's a really good price compared to if it was new, and if no one buys it, it will get lower ! i want iittttttttt :(
*** this babies fucken ugly -omg ewww :(
dear how do we make my dreams come true and meet you and the boys tomorrow night? i'll be all alone at the concert :(
i hope the demons smash the pies today!!! i'm stuck on the couch as mybody is flushing stuff out i ate back in high school not fun :(
my poor aching heart :( somersault into the gutter....plus i hate u i live in austin. olodo
tweet gue kek sombong amat lo di twitter :(
my neck hurts.. :( wanna massage it;)
i'm so cold :-(
that's what i'm doing! except with a basket of yarn and crochet hooks instead of mini eggs. :(
loh, mbak mau? siapa yang pengen di susunya muncul tanduk rusa this. (pasti ga ada yg mau :( )
sooooo bored nd ready to go home :( grrrrrr!!!
watching rosemary's baby and whining about a stomach ache simultaneously :-(
i've heard :( i'll tell you if i cry. haha.
i hate watching the news, too many people dying :(
nothing in carbondale ever works right! :-(
i already know i'm gonna cry :(
oh i knw! aww :( lol
lol me toooo :(
cuz they hate me :( nah jk, cuz i had other plans :]
fuhk. mormon central this weekend. :/ which also means no life and no fun. :(
dear 11:11 maybe someday you'll actually work :(
jahue needs his phone back :( i miss him tons!
not in town :( you'll be at atelier on tues right? we'll have a bday drink then :)
all my from someone disappeared :(
ai, to com raiva do meu twitter, tá com problems :(
tyler perry did good...i cried!!! i'm goin to see it!!!! i hope i don't cry!!!! :-(
yyy urgh i hate u lol daaamn why did i get married too is a must see!!!! shit made mii cryyy :(
