i wonder is i can still make it to the circu no i don't have a ticket :( and i'm now leaving work
good night :(
today felt like a huge *nothing* day for me in terms of getting stuff done :( gonna regroup and start fresh tomorrow. g'night.
sorry to hear about it. that kind of decision is the worst. :-(
yep thats it i got an neck injury at a traditional wrestling for kids and got an accident then i didnt tweet for days :(
i guess i'll watch tv since i can't even download fucking torrents. :(
awww nooo :-( .. can i still bother u in myspace .-p
i will miss walking the porn filled streets, intoxicated, with my heels slung over my shoulder. vegas...i love you..... :(
am i mean ? o: omgg :(
i know... :(
i miss my hoes :( we was live everydayyy .. not im bored as fuck without themm . skewl need to hurry up lmao #smfh
thanks :(
why am i so tired :( *yawn*
um, oh, hey! we never saw each other again at the show :(
i know! ugh! :( man! give me some names of music groups like nkotb so i add them to my list. there's (cont)
i dint know u wasnt in radio no mo. i stopped by today to give u the package i promised u :(
lmfao i told u dont come in there me n linda was gonna be talking about it ! :(
i have a really bad head ache. :(
whenever im on msn i say hi and yu dont reply :(
so my stomach is fucking killing me right now. just what i need before a baseball game. :(
im soo tired lol im feeling sick tho and its 5.20am here :(
i might be starting to crash now though :(
im so not ur only person im talking 2 :( why would i use my #1 cudi luver mate fan hunnie bun foxy thang
thanks helps... may write a post on how much i suck as a mommy! :( but drinking wine now -may be too maudlin!
please follow me? you never notice me :( and follow we bought serious 20 times each! no joke! 5
please follow me? you never notice me :( and follow we bought serious 20 times each! no joke! 4
soz :(
i guess you don't notice me : / i would lov for you to follow me but you won't :(
oh, no not for that reason... it's cause it seems jon is talking bad about brendon and spencer :(
please follow me? you never notice me :( and follow we bought serious 20 times each! no joke! 3
follow me justin :(
semester exams are the bore-st thing in the world
:(
please follow me? you never notice me :( and follow we bought serious 20 times each! no joke! 2
me either :( i'm gonna dm you real quick
idk about fresh tomorrow :(
please follow me? you never notice me :( and follow we bought serious 20 times each! no joke!
i think the pic of your new hardware is broken :-(
ahhh only 2months of school,then igo into high school :(
i miss your flirty tweets :( im sad.
ughh my #oldpieceofcrap computer failed me again :(
rahahaha, i want some bitch. remember the sausage roll i gave you, i miss it :(
so today i played tennis in brand new sneakers...*sigh let's jus say i'm in pain :(
soo i havent been on twitter all night, didnt get off work til way late.. :( ill return all the followfridays tmrww.#jonasbrothers ily<3
i miss tweets!!! :( holla back at ur tweeps rachel zoe :)
are you serious? i was so excited i thought it was you :(
even thogh i havent seen snow :(
justin, please follow me, make my dream come true, its like you dont even notice me. :( .. </3 2
nose cual man :( hahaha 7 things para joe pq me dejo por la princess lovato :( hahahaha
awrrittte! i see you! thnxx 4 the invite! :(
justin, please follow me, make my dream come true, its like you dont even notice me. :( .. </3 1
i love being single but nights like this i hate it :-(
u shoulda took me along wit u where eva u went cuz i was bored all day :(
lmao what? i dont even know what i'm talking about half the time, it's best to ignore me :(
dang. :( ask her if there's any way i can help.
ohhhh my friend wanted to go to our asian restaurant we like. no popeyes :(
i'm having a bad night. :(
yeah they love to tease us. last week, there was a cart of bread on sale *right* next to the passover display. :(
so... i used my camo swim dipe today! it rocks! i didn't get a chance to get a pic though :( #clothdiapers
