ur eye lashes is very wink! lol- мy eyes got infected! :(
so jealous! wish i was there. :(
watching the game on tv & found out theres no easter bunny?!? :(
my right arm hurts so bad :(
everytime that i see the miley says goodbye comercial, i feel so sad :( i grew up watchin hannah montana
if my clutch is done then no go :(
:( poor neal still doesn't have his lugage
heck no!!! idk where ima get ice cream from :( lol
cup cup minum obat dong sygrt mual banget :(
and i can't even finish it :(
hahahahahaha good idea!!! some time in may!! :(
#screnzy day 3! haven't written down a thing :(
awwh, why ?! :(
aww :( john forsythe dead; "dynasty" star, voice of charlie in "charlie's angels"
happy early bday !!! if i was in town id def be there :(
so-fuckin-boring long weekend! :( hope tomorrow (at tgg's) will be more fun!
i know :(
i gotta be at work at 8am tomorrow for a meeting :(
yep :( i gots no munji these days
:( y u say that
so, bored at home grrrrrrr.... :(
kayyy! it's gonin in like 3seconds :( soo night twittteeerr,,xxx
:-( poop, i forgot its first friday... i wanted to see if black camaro was there. or any of its members...
look i m srry nd i mean it, nd i do trust u nd i gues i can trust u lil more.... u forgive me? :(
i feel left out :-( all these nigerians casting spells on each other... i wanna learn juju too
times out.. it all depends when i get out of there tomm. although it ends at 6 i am part of cleaning and yaddayadda. :(
flight delayed. boys already ploughing through the entertainment packed for a 10 hour flight :(
this sucks. i dont know what happened, but i hate it! :(
aww okay :( it was nice meeting you too!
no, no, no!!!! it can't be time to go to work already. i feel i've only just got in from yesterdays monster shift :( #idontwanttogo
i was disappointed to learn that #darkskies2010 is not about a return of the 1996 sci-fi series... :(
i miss my baby i wonder where he is :( i havent talked to him all day. eh
dang, i got to wake up in the morning :(
bed before 11:30...this is something new! ps my neck is burned :( goodnight twitter world
making it a blockbuster night tonight still to sick to go out :( ohh well as long as i'm with its all good!!!
guys im stressed :(
awwww i sowwie :/ that's the worst :(
i love this espn commerical about the play offs but y howard not in it smh : (
theme u created for is nice /he made the theme for ant. i just rt'd. srry for confusion :(
i didnt get to see that one. :(
#ihateitsomuch when someone doesn't want to forgive me :(
hmm im really missing ... :(
well waiting to get out of here 1am isn't coming fast enough. i need to find a new job. i think i said that b4 :-) no one calling back :-(
remembering shit. can't sleep. i miss my papa :(
i never noticed mr. schu from glee was in music and lyrics! too bad he doesn't perform in the movie. :(
thats true my bad. it wont work am attracted to this girl she fine as f! but i cabt even hold a convo with her :(
ah spiders! i'm like my ron, i hate spiders :(
i need some inspiration for my poems :(
damnit, that's what i thought, but i hope i missed a memo :(
i don't know if my computer is up to the br tonight, will prob keep dropping out :(
uploading old photos and videos, i'm pretty sure i will never ever be able to find friends like you guys again :(
i have plans tomorrow :( maybe monday
did u go to service? if soo is it over? :( my parents are ignoring my texts
okay i wanna go out tonight.. first friday anyone? nooo car thoooooo! :( text me 623-337-6430
whyyy? :(
owwwww! i cut my foot.. stepped on some effing glass! :(
i'm deeply disappointed they cut out ariana's hilarious lines from the pilot of victorious. :(
says (unsure) (brokenheart) good morning. :(
no, not yet. i'm still on the waiting list because of the freaking recommendation form :(
yah si om suka aneh2 kan.....yg menangin ngetweet 100an doang. yg ngetweet 300an gk dianggep apa?fufufufu sedih,mau idnya :(
ha aww i know but too bad i am ,cause all my beautiful friends such as yourself are in myrtleee :(
sigh. i know. :( it's really too bad...i bet it would help business.
im not being rudo...i don't feel good & i have no voice :-(
:( ruined my night. lol
ugh! i'm sorry :(
goodness me.. i just burnt my bloody finger while frying an egg.. proves how useless my cooking skills are :(
mom, please i wanna puppy :( a golden retriever one please :(
gaa i miss ... :(
from the concert... i have a headache :(
i feel left out :-( all these nigerians casting spells on each other... i wanna learn juju too #are u hearin dis guy?
yes lisa, it was real :( oh, so depressing.
me too! hell i want taylor to follow me! lol. not gonna happen :(
aww sry to hear that! :( yea mole...i rarely eat it now...but when i was a kid it was my fav food...haha
wus the 3 amigos without the 4 one :(
oh man i think im in love. ha... work tomorrow at 6am : (
just banned almost 30 domains from one site ... spammers seems to flourish on the weekend .... sigh :-(
leave right now before u go crazy ...and now he's playin "o.p.p." :-(
i'm so sorry about that :( i've never had luck with guys... but it's never gotten that bad
how is it im all giggly an happy when im drunk, but when im sober im jist sad now...fml :-(
também acho :( ninguém te ama...
:( you sound like my hubby.
nothing ! was about to go on oovoo but i cant find my webcam :(
lmao that place is full of shiny food :(
i don't know! :(
ugh is coming over soon and i'm in the bitchiest mood. i hope i'm not mean to her :(
protect and preserve the sanctity of the english language<---> goodluck w/that...everythin is goin down the drain :-(
the girls go home tmrw. :( extremely sad.
carl reminds me of you :(
i need someone to talk to!!!! i hate this feeling! someone turn my frown upside down!!!! :-( *pouting*
everytime that i see the miley says goodbye comercial, i feel so sad :( i grew up watchin hannah montana
yeah it really does. :(
cant join you bro now im in kl :( you have fun and eat in my honor
i still have a script to memorize tnite but have to finish this movie 1st :(
:-( gonna go sleep if i stay up this alcohol is just gonna make me remember the good times we had
hey! i always ask u how are you and u never answer me :(
itu cuma april mop tau hehe, hangeng katanya mau solo career :(
damn, is at capacity and we are standing outside :-(
i know that with my ps3 i'm going to have to reformat it soon due to some poor design of the ps os :(
*yawn* i am so tired :(
owww whats wrong with him?? :(
girl that mario song w/ kelly rowland isn't on itunes :( but it's on youtube ;)
"come back to me.. and forgiveee everythingg *loses breath*" :(
are you maad ? :(
poopy! that's how this situation is! :-(
the noise in my house scare me.... :(
i know, everyone else is- hence- no hippies= no weed :(
finally our friday night begins and missing & gianna :(
<---is in tweetdeck jail. what the heck?? i've only been home half an hour :(
awww :( don't wanna make my fellow yellow sadly mellow when she's preggo! lol tell ur jawn how's that for a bar lmao #boome lol
lmaooooo :(
real story and real sad. :( last year, i watched christian the lion. hachiko is my number 2 favo after christian! :')
i'm ready to go home :(
*looks for joke, can't find it* sorry, its gone :( i can't remember either. hahahaha. xd
i dnt knw who's fault iht was but i never got watever i was suppose to get :-( yu okay tho???
:( dammit that wouldve been a good pick me up
kara's goo hara never met her parents since debut :( #kpopfacts (via
yyyyyyyyyy am i watching "signs" #scaredtosleep :(
iya :( huhu dirumahhh ? annoying mati lampu sampe jam 3!
im the baby of the crew! :( (they got jokes all day) its cool tho
#peopleshould just leave me alone because in the end sum1s gonna get hurt! :(
ummmmmm right here hahhahart aww too bad u wernt on the east coast :( (wish i was on (cont)
why take out my favourite :(
bored, tired and still a little upset. wish i had someone to talk to but i'm all alone. :(
i really want to be in bed right now :(
really wishing i was in maryville right now with all my favorite people! :(
i wanted to be nominated :( :( man, a lot of random ppl got on there
sorry :( and now... i am in a strange town without my luggage. fml
no responses yet! :( #yyc doesn't know either!
i feel left out :-( all these nigerians casting spells on each other... i wanna learn juju too/ don't be sad u have shitto
omg 'the last song' still hasn't been uploaded online. hurry uppppppp people who bring their cameras into the movie theater. :(
i've never owned it.... :(
