left my binoculars at home :(
im sick :( again...i just went outside and i got sick so quick ... what the ??? uhh my god.
missyoumissyou :(
trueeee, thiz whole week wuzn ma week :( hopefully next will b better
how sad :(
my sadness is coming back :( i was having fun with the jonathan cook tweets but now i'm just upset again
soo.. kinda pretty jealous of =/ called her and she met tpain.. then he rolled out in a mozarati.. luckky :(
my skin hurts :( << jergens
ummm...i'm sitting in your room right now. and i miss you :( have fun in wherever you are...
why are you like my brother!! hahaha but it's in jap/korean you can't understand what they're singing :(
i want my puppy. :-(
wow i'm feeling both sad & happy about gregs departure, i certainly understand :(
you didn't invite me. i'm hungry. where is the love? :(
bad weather = stuck at home :( waaaah. :|
ughh. been sick since tuesday. and still not gettin better. ahh fml lol. no party tonight. :(
ahh i want mine done so badly ! i already have 4 piercings. oooh shitto twin :(
ight hereee babyyy-- iknow but yur not here with meee :(
i wish me and josiah weren't so rude and ugly. :(
tiight riight now :(
ditto broskiii. who's butt am i gonna slap? ;) i'm gonna seriously miss you :(
too late :( next lyric ya rt: poison ivy jonas brothers #parodiartis
smh......my daughter is sleep.......since 6:30pm. :-( #fail
yaaaa i just saw it like an hour ago!! the ending made me cry :(
i just had to sing "black roses" all by myself :-/ oh well, i did that!! <<that my fav :( you need me and
no. :( aw, i should of came. oh well, there always next time. :)
feels like having a chill sesh with someone :( anyonee
please pray for mandy. :(
i just love how practicaly no one talks to me anymore. :(
i've been wendys-free for 3 days now :(
bb, i rather have you the whole week if i can. :(
mad bored waiting on my love but i guess he not comin :(
sigh... after 12 hours, my #hotelcity earnings only +1. :(
gne!!!! makes me haaaapy...she better not kill anyone...i will cry forever.... :(
im allergic to cats :(
overdone filet mignon at the "dead fish." too bad i'm allergic to crab. :(
get well soon sheila :* morning. my body feels so unwell today :(
#nowplaying dj novacain s.t.o.o.p.i.d. the mixtape .. u can even enjoy it listenin alone : (
a whole day on oahu and no lost star sightings :(
i hate days like this. :(
passing angel stadium wishing i was watching the game :(
watchin track&field as i pack me n djs weekend bag :) maaann i wish i could run the way i used 2 #retiredrunner :( im all treadmill now lol!
why? :(
i feeeel sooo crappy right now :( ...i hope nothing changes.. i just wanna be honest and not lie.
nawh thats shittt :(
just got done discussin ol chicago times wit my roommate. i miss those trips :-(
#rockets have one point lead... :(
but my side, is still a little tiny bit cloudy :(
twitter, so quiet. welly, stole the twitterings. :(
omg walking on crutches is a real bitch. somebody carry me :(
8 followers lagi plis :(
damn you tony stone i cant stand you right now. drained :-(
i think i'm the only chick here though. :(
*waves goodbye* :(
i had a technician come out today and after alot 4 hours, he said it was not going to be fixed. i need to chat with bill gates. lol :(
good morning :) wanna watch babe, i love you and clash of the titans. :( ugh. hate my brother:((
.. tgifridays was on point!-- ahhhhhh cool invite :( :(
that cake is fantastic! i can't ever get my fondent to lat that smooth :(
im like crying right now! :(
finished work its crappy :-(
i kind of want a new job...
stranger! where u been hiding?! i see how u forgot about me :-(
hey ; im up i can't sleep :(
im disappointed in the boy that accepted your friend request -_- hurting my boy :( <3
rebecca is going away in the morning :( jealous muchh!
i wish i was at #ipad launch instead of wisconsin :(
omfg!!! u got a macbook :( i am soooo jealous! lol
hahh oooo fun!!! well kinda can't be bothered to drive dtown alone now :( plus i'm soo full! lol
if you find strange is that i do not speak good english, helped me with the google translator! sorry :(
i'm gonna change my name for bieberringtone do you think its okay? help me guys :(
glad u ok i was a lil worry...cuz u usually on this shit like me but u went mia :( & awww :-*
if you don't hear from me the rest of the night it means i got home and the internet is still down :(
that sounds like fun. lol i wanna be 21 :(
i don't like the "get to know u" stage. it's like starting all over & i get scared of change sometimes :-(
hey sompret!mana janjimuu :( wake up sleepy head.. :)
what i do now :-( i gotta bone to pick wit you *_* evil stare
trust me no one got your back like grandma.probably the only person i stop acting like an ass for.i still tear up over her :(
lol i know!! :( ... its not too bad though
how come i don't want to block her : (
hah..rusak bemna?sakit mgkn?rt oh sial, kakiku rusak :(
i wish would hit me up more often :(
good gig, interesting time at sleazy's afterwards. saw a handful of good people tonight though. but not some i wanted to :(
don't u wish why did i get married too was playing!? :(
i'm hungry. i haven't eaten since last night... :(
i wish i had internet on my phone i would twitpic this awesome thing :(
he's not very photogenic :( he's a circus goat well, he should be, he dances :)
eiiii no me invitaste a conmert :(
you read right :(
never realised how much i relied on twitter for my entertainment before it started costing me :(
iim dead inlove ; thiss shit iss sad :(
but i didn't get any or dm from you. :(
i used to have chocolate macadamia cookies for #lofnotc haven't been to the store to get any for this one though. :(
yeah she is, and naw. i was all the way in maple. i couldn't make it :(
missin the one guy that new somethin was wrong when he saw my face :(
feels like sunday morning today. though there is one more day left of weekends tmr, its already close to monday. aww.. :(
honestly- wth? even my 'shelf bras' are bugging me :( someone puhhhhleeezz
i must ask again...please dont put me on ff lists. i know ya like me..and i apreciate the idea...but...i hate ff...really...hate it. :(
i mean shouldn't have. my feet are killing :(
samaaaaaaaaa :( really miss
oh :( ok lol what you up to? x
thanks...its a pity yuh deh so far...could really use some of ur expertise :-(
that was an uncalled for "you suck" it wasnt my fault :(
no way :( are you off now? home relaxing? want a drink?
i'm running out of battery :( now who or what am i going to be angry with?
i know!! he's a rare one man..an when 1st started on degrassi he was a lil #wack :( but he's a hottie wit a body now lol
setting my alarm to 4:30am for work :(
awwww :( i wish i could drive, i'd come and get youuuu!! xxxx
bed. bed. i'm cranky and sad. :(
aww sounds like fun wish i couldve made it to palm springs to see the paradiso girls perform :(
how are we suposted to admire you, if u don't reply us or let us know you love your latinoamerican fans? :(
i wish i had cable..... :( lol
who's getting an ipad tomorrow??? /via me :-(
wakey wakey baby ;-) time to rise sunshine :-) miss u :-( remember <first tweet to me> hehe :) love uuuuuuu,mwahhhhhh
rafa :( but nvm it's clay season soon enough!!
there is really nothing at all in my fridge. :(
i won a chocolate bunny at shoppers drug mart. it melted though :(
can people please stop trying to be helpful w/ wedding diy? taking initiative is only means more work when i have to go back & fix it :(
are u coming to sat sessions? nope because it ends at 10 won't make it in time enough. :-(
you haven't answered me all day. :( te amo guapo. <3
why you shouldn't buy an ipad (yet)... apple's ipad in stores but first generation apple products are for suckers cost, software & apps :(
i couldnt even sleep -- these kids have an imaginary energy source that keeps them awake & annoying :(
shurrrrrrup !!! :( who's getting an ipad tomorrow???
mau nonton remember meeeee :(
:( too bad ! i've been waited like 4 months :/rt nevermind. sorry guys :| it's not out yet, it (cont)
:( guess i have to finish writing for now... i'll be around.
first period is over and no score :( go #avs
im getting odee sad right now :( #sigh .
can't you have to be taken in with a band or let in by someone inside idec anymore i just want them to play so i can go home :(
