will you not be producing more mats? i was just about to give my a++ review on amazon :( never been so happy with a mat before!
keri hilson forgot the words to the national anthem? awwh. :(
the last song is so sad. *cry* :(
i wish i could sleep with you :(
being in the city is like a gift and a curse....but i love it. just leaving this sushi place downtown.>u home!! :-(
always hope follow back me :(
me too!! i miss them together :( but for some weird reason i got a good feeling about them!
...you are evil :( hahaha! because... i can.
ok hun i'm locked down earliest is maybe next fri :(
freaking dallas nights is distracting my man from texting me. :(
it's funny when you turn from "popular" to ignored. thanks guys.. :(
i was so upset when the venue kicked us out. :( hope they don't do that to you lol. <3
awwwwwwies :(
i didn't see you! bummer! :(
wheres :(
booo :( what are you up to tomorrow?
awww she's so mean :(
2 hrs for what? i still have 2 hours :(
while at work i discovered that sammy has almost chewed through my power cord for my mac. :(
yeah but it took almost 2 weeks!! wtf? i got a lesser version of whatever my son had. i hope you feel better bb! viruses suck :(
increased my weight for all body pump sets of exercise and feel fine only dropped 0.7kg this week :-(
i miss my baby lol :( hmm on that note #goodnight
i never go on facebook :(
i betcha has the career jay-z always wanted memphis bleek to have. :(
i know!! lol it always gets missing from tweetdeck when i change it and now i think its missing from uber :(
nobody's tweeting me, that sucks :(
thx, ellie, no, i didn't get them yet. :-(
i think i am just going to go to sleep and dream....about how i wish certain things were.<-myah, u are worrying me. :(
me too working.. :(
yeah i love yogurtland's taro- just too far away, :(
23 for only a few more hours... :-( but thanking god for another birthday.
aw i dunno what happened :( i'm soooo sorry <3
omg. i hear the song played in coming from somewhere. shoot. im scared :(
kkay so i found these ppls internet username and password in a drawer but its still not conecting :(
it has been months of neglect for me tho :( smh....
sitting at the crib hella bored :( lucky you
see what i mean by nobody wants to just split a series!! lol. sorry you lost though. :(
t.t goldie the blacked died too!!! :(
oh :( is that normal?
prob goin to be an old lady n pass out early 2nght feel like crap :(
my sickness has lasted way too long for me! i am sooo ready to feel like my old self :(
no fi real, my body hurt so much u can't even get up to shut my network down :-(
not pre-occupied, watched it, thought it was funny but you never reply to my tweets :(
my boyfriend just dumped me..... :(
awww i'm sorry for that :( you know you are amazing and that person, she's a badddd person! she's like "let's get crazyyy!"lol
smhh lol im tierd but ihave to stay up three mo hours :(
i need to not work tomorrow. :(
ahhaha cheaterss :(
creepy morning. i thought that you are here. no no no you are not! i miss my mornying w you :(
haha no, sorry. using my iphone cause my bb is messed up :(
i don `t know the right time to post the pictures i found. :(
eh hardly anybody is qualified for plat! sucks la. only me sim & lauren i think :( & i think only danlim doing gold then plat :(
please don't say that....why? why? i'm sad to say that maybe guys and girls can't be friends...another one bites the dust :(
jack just woke up and crawled onto the couch with me, his breath is horrid, he'll be sick in a day or two :(
aww. :( im sorry. ill make sure to take lots of pics and post them on here for youu.
i can count the amount of guys in here on one hand :-( #wack
sjc->atl ipad use in airport not allowed yet :(
loove the way he loves me.. ^.^ <==== damn i miss that :(
whomp to me thinking my camera battery was actually in my camera :(
my head hurts from crying :(
it's 67 outside and the heat is on in my room. :( i want to die.
ur mind is so fucking hot!!!! lmfao!!!!! xd xd i love it but it's so teasy!!!!!! xd *sigh* i just want maxxie :( lol
unfortunately i come with too much baggage at the moment :( (yeah i said it and i'm woman enuff to admit it)
ahh fuck balls! retainers :(
betul!rt grocery shopping. duit keluar kyk air aja ya kalo beli kebutuhan rumah tangga :(
im right behind u,ur too busy for me now :(
what if we: really sorry to hear about that :( if it's too hard you can always delete the box off o...
haha you know itt lol >> i miss u :(
ummm thats not ok. we shoulda went out then. but i said i would work on thesis. think ive started? :-(
awww poor bestie!!! :( u didn't feel like doin anything?
i didn't like it... :(
you don't stay in the 206. :(
my creme vans :(
what the heck. no celebrities are following me :(
getting my car washed because i didn't consider the implications of oiling my deck which is above my carport :(
:-(
i am in dallas will be back!! :(
probrably doesn't know i exist. he probrably followed me just to shut me up. :( i really wish he would reply me :(
