q:i might just have to give up on formspring i guess they just don't want to ... a:oh aww :(
a lot of the clothes now are just ughhh :(
aweee! no, you know my mom. we're not even allowed to watch tv :( what are you doin in my neck of the woods? haha
really really want to drink orange juice :(
oh shoot. i meant on that last tweet. :(
i miss some of my friends i havent seen in a long time :( ... i need to catch up with them asap
the bounty hunter is the most crappiest movie in the entire world. dont watch it. it is a waste of money :(
you missed her. :(
why is it raining :(
oh wow& im in yonkersz that's why i didn't go :( smfh
thank you .. even though the ending part 1 made me sad :( but part 2 of the ending chileeeeeee i wonder if tp wld do wdigm3?
free my big brother!! i miss you n love you so much hold ya head :-(
our modem crashed. :-( grateful for hubby's tether to his blackberry. gives me ltd online time. better than none.
awwww :( what a meaniee!
soo hard to get your attention :(
smfhhhh hatee whenn i feel like thiss ! << wats rong -----> nuffen :(
can't wait to see 'em! ;d haha, omg i don't remember the last time andy didn't start snoring 20min into a movie :(
i jus inhaled some weed :( fml 2x
lmfaooo :( everyone left the crippled at home bored thanks yall
duuuuuuuuuuuuude :(
hahaaa, i feel like watching it, but the house its mad quiet so :(
#kevinpleasetweet :(
it's probably only really interesting to me though :(
oh my sweet sweet sleep... i'm coming to you... no one at home... i'll sleep again... but :-s studies calling :-( stil i'll sleep :-p
i need you but you are already on your way... :( #jonasbrothers
i'm like literally losing control of my life :(
damn am i da only muthafucka dat stayed home tonight?? <nope. :-(
aw wow man that's terrifying. i'm sorry. :( glad you're alright though. if you need to take a break i get it, i would too.
smh i have not been on my myspace page in forever :( my bad.. my facebook either.. im gonna fix that...
i work :(
the preview looks horrible :(
no, my zoo doesn't have any atm. :( not really sure why!
nik!!! i missed yu woman!!! :(
unfortunately poor judgement call by victim 2 guess she cudnt find other transportation odd for 4pm pune :( sad
no snow in indonesia #ihateitsomuch. i want snowwwww :(
aww that's ok bb! i wish you could come though :(
nooo ! :( i'm sowwyy .. ur way is the best way :)
why? me too :( i'm not in a good mood
rightyyyyyyy :(
going to airport to send shixin off for th last time :( [delayed]
is sad and in pain :( trying to relax and fall asleep
yeap, still getting used to it but it's not opening the link :(
you can keep talking but baby im walking away :(
i know... i wanted to see u too ! :(
...didn't get to the movies :-( but have a great day ahead of me. missing my love one! nite
:( i wanna learn too im learning russian on skype
missin' my hometown much(davao)!!! :( part of the city now are cloudy. while here in mla is too hot!!
so fricken tireeeed :(
the movie ends at 1 am :( dang it !
i miss my bed :(
yeah, i know and it might bring rain. :(
you on webster in the bronx? i had a horrible day i just finish working and i'm in connecticut coming back to new york :-(
ideff qotta 40 on my qeomatry proof testt ; ineeda tutor :( lmao
i dont have a donut :-(
very unhappy with the first kitchen curtain i made. need to re-think my design :(
lonely right now :(
i sadly realize that :( been eight minutes go sleep
awww i lost a follower!! :(
just waking up is going to be over me, i have to make it up to him!!! :(
aww that *sigh* :( if that gets you off then i guess so , you will never understand *sigh*
i think what scares me the most is that their twitters become publicity twitters too. :(
i need my to talk to :(
not going to the recital tomorrow after all. sorry, :(
my is done done! :( dito
:-( wish i was there.
hahaa, thank you! and eurghh, i'm up and it's 5 past 5! :( !
i have nasal polyps. it made them worse. :(
i am so bored and hungry but my i cant eat cuz of my tooth :( ugh
alrightwithme is taken. :( will the grammar-nazi in me let me go with "itsalrightwithme"?
you're not going to opening day anymore?? :(
i wish my bestfriend were here to help me :(
is in twitter jail! :(
but i miss tha wifey :( *sadface* miss yhu too
is leaving tmw? :(
what's al. annoying loser?? me? :( lol
i'm sorry i'm wasted :( but u been stuntin on me
do i really look 20 :(
my dad was gonna buy me some toms but they didnt have my size :(
sorri mate jus saw da reply...in me house not in hatfield doe :(
i need something to take my mind off this cracking sound my heart is making.... i wish i listened 2 quis, kira, and everybody else.... :-(
somehow, i miss unisim classes with u and miss loh leh. :(
jealous :-( wat u doin now? isn't it passed ur bed time@rachirockpink
pile of tissue in front of me....puffy eyes. :( i need to watch something funny and ignorant now.
finishing up the spencer series. :(
everything reminds me of you :(
no snow in indonesia #ihateitsomuch. i want snowwwww :(
baack to sleeeep i goo ; i cnt get rid of this eye migraneee :(
lucky.... i gotta b work by 6:45 :(
shaving your head & face while watching a game is not a good idea.. i just made a scare on my face :(
oh geez, this is the worst cold of my life :(
wont have a phone until i can use someone's card :(
for once in my life bikin sim sesuai prosedur (pengen ngerasain). trnyata ruwetss and mbulettsss, my advice mending pake calo next time! :(
it's so cold :(
helicopter nearby (earlier) was channel 7 chopper reporting motorbike fatality a few blocks away. some family's easter is fvcked now. :-(
i wish was here :(
i fucking hate this like/dislike shit...what a way to make me feel like shit :(
miss you grandpa.... :( and i miss you too wolfers
staaaaaar bby im bored :(
what's wrong? :(
i think the accent is quite nice! even tho i dont have one :(
yaaaaay to me chillen by myself w/ a candle lit watchin movies by myself....... :( *sniff*sniff*
haven't tweeted but like a few times today :(
never felt so alone while in a room full of people :(
tell him the truth -- this song makes me feel like im in a movie and this is the most fucced up part of the movie :(
ooh. ugggh, i just exited the screen. :( takes forever to load.
i wanna go to the gym :(
gettin sleeepyy.... & a lil headache :-( think im bout take it down now..good night twittahs
says the only thing i hate about morning swimmings: ang daming tao!!!! :(
rt: siapapun tpin gue pulsa dong brp aja plis :(
my brother says don't get the ipad but get macbook.. :(
why are spam followers so disappointed by me? they always leave so quickly. :(
b0000! : ( happy friday is overr
:( plans always fall through.. it's when you try your hardest, you fail..
i miss you :(
damn am i da only muthafucka dat stayed home tonight?? <nope. :-( -- double nope !
lol haha i def will , juss sit in the tub , my legs r sore & my body hurts :( wanna join ? ;) lol :-x@crazedforgagax
dm me.. :(
i know i wish u wasss hereeee :(
aw what the poor yvette :(
just ruined the cheese cake. lisa don't kill me. :(
omg this kiddddd :(
please tell him i love him for sure and tell that i'm still hoping for him to notice me ..hoping :(
having twitter on 2 computers is annoying cause if i go on one it'll sign me out of the other..... :(
owowowowow! more shooting pains :(
feeling undecided about a lot of things :(
lol no i'm not :(
i found the wristband i gave in the bathroom at work :-(
:( marieee whats wrong?
watching "diners, drive-ins & dives." just realized menu transparency requirement in #hcr is gonna kill like 90% of these places. :-(
najis langsung ada 2 dm dari pa :( banyak banget yg unfollow gueee!! hebat banget dah
bored on a friday night :(
