so sorry about your grandmother. :( [hugs]
happy bday!!! had to leave but couldn't find you to say bye :( i hope you had a good night!
internet home&apos;s been down for 2 days :-( #fb
i finished painting the bathroom today.! i still need to finish a bunch of homework.. im soo behind! :(
it's not loading :(
ooooweee yu never texted me this a.m :( smh !
ohnooo drank too much caffeine-- gonna be up for so long :(
:( im sorry.
im back from the store. but, the person i want to talk to is never on, until i leave... 2 minutes before i get back, they talk to me :(
i wanted to be :(
:( i'm mad now
soo wasted. keep me updated on aryan plz :(
i watched 30 seconds of it and knew it was wrong :( i didn't download it thank god for that part
i miss you tooooo! :(
i'm sorry you have to put up with crap like that.... :(
charlie is now with the real angels....john forsyth :(
not a damn thing there's a party on campus but my ankle fucked up so i'm layin down puttin ice on it : ( damn
i have no one to take me out :(
trying to find youtube clips of you in hairspray. no clear ones though :-(
no blessing for the pope army? :( maybe next time.
yeah i know right. he said he felt really bad abt it :( i hope so! :) i can't wait till june 1st hahaha. the cover looks hot!
ajá lizz, hay un viejo refran que dice "life sucks and then you die" :(
sayaaang :( :(rt kenapa? tolong ngertiin posisi aku, tolong aku (cont)
:( wants to talk to someone close to me
i guess im sleeping down stirs..i dont do good with big ass bugs in my room! :(
great,.. :)hapinnes and bored :( hbu ? :)
yeah your not. its still a little unnerving that i cant click on my iphoto and see them. :( its not so bad now. :)
omg im so excited about prom tomorrow...i can't believe it's my senior prom..i think i may cry during lead out :(
you know where all this communication would be sooooo much easier? #pownce :(
it took one thai film for me to cry... :| :(
duit buat #ss3indonesia ada, tapi buat fm shinee belum adaaaaaa :(
tough cookies need milk. :(
:( i need you.
come hp. :(
donee widd thee brushh combingg now . thisss shyt gonna hurt ughh :(
why is there always a fire alarm when i'm on duty... :-(
why is this taking so long!! : (
how frusturating!!! :(
ngapa? aduuuh gelisah ga karuan gini :(
i might be a little late but i just realized doesn't go to our school anymore :(
i'm sorry but "sol" means something other than "sustainable, organic, local" to me. not a great acronym overload in this case. :(
u can't hug & kiss me back!? wtfrench toast!!! :-(
i still feel like poo for missing the show : ( i miss them so muchhhh
yeah.. i missed being there too :(
i have a feeling sunscreen and aloe will be new best friends this summer :( 
omg just read the tweets...sheesh!! :(
i feel left out :-( all these nigerians casting spells on each other... i wanna learn juju too < lmaooooooooooooooo *dies*
insyaallah. kemaren ada yg beli id yg blg. i'm dying to get that id. sedih bgt kemaren gabisa ikut quiznya :(
trivia tonight=epic fail on my part :/ there's always tommorow, and 2/3 of the times i've tried i got it right! i was just slow :(
i feel like i was ditched thanks so much :(
aww so cute. i want to see it :(
look here, look there, looking at everywhere. haven't find it yet :(
ok so the ending of "why did i get married too" sucked...sheesh, smh gavin died :-( i just did not expect that::i feel *too* emotional lol
i'm watching brook shields on who do you think you are? right now i really need a hug i want my mommy i miss her :-(
bebe just left :( cleaning up and uploading shootieee picsss :)
they lost :(
the last song is so sad. *cry* :(
miss you more missing you guys!! :(
cuz the game isn't close enough to talk about... :-(
ahhhh :( wish i cud give u a hug right now, u seem so down :(
im sad ...i wanted to see her :-(
duit buat #ss3indonesia ada, tapi buat fm shinee belum adaaaaaa :(
we losin :-(
yup! its the truth too! i shred tears :( i see u. seen the movie lol (cont)
thomas leaves tomorrow :(
selamat bekerja ya :)rt what?? nice life!! gw dah rempong di kntr!! :( enaknya (cont)
eeep, i'm working that night! and even if i wasn't i had other plans. :( sorry.
yeah, i can't go. not enough funds to put up front for a booth. :( i figure i can just lurk around the front entrance...
i just woke up :-(
:( you need to get a tweet thru tonight!!
plz jonas fans and bieber fans... plz dont fight :(( plz dont make a war... they both hot and awesome :( i love them both..so plz dont fight
you never made my bg for mee :(
our last nite together for 2 months. bye foamy :(
not in the mood for a house party :( going to a&k
feelin a lil sick.. thnk i ate too much.. well if the food is gnna come back up, it needs 2 come up and stop playin wit my esophagus.. :(
lol i wish... don't think i can come up til may :( may try tho :)
ugh.! i cant taste nothing >> taste like there's no flavor 2 my food :-(
pizza hut: a took forever to make my food and b poisoned me :(
i hate this. :(
same i'm drunk alone.. its a sad night for me nobody to hang out with :(
whats caitlin's twitter, i forgot :(
...lost our diesel today :( ...thanks for sharing your awesome with us deez.
definitely trading my sg for the thunderbird. oh yes. i'll miss my stickers though. :(
heading to bed goodnight. . .another f'ing test tomorrow morning :(
yes it can :( haha. so whats up? -tay
my sister says a nurse shouldn't dress/act the way i do...lmao and i'm starting to think she's right to ima tone it down :(
wtf? isnt ustreaming tonight... :(
bored senseless now :( (via
aku ada mpit apa lit?rt ehem i need someone for curhat :(
:( ...so much for that
it just didn't work out :(
qué chimbo tu unfollow :(
hay wats up? u aren't on aim anymore :(
back from seeing the doctor.... :( doesn't seems good :'(
yes. this is a badddd :( my aunts like whats wrong? im like what is my liiiffeeee?:(
just wants his internet to be stable. :(
damn all bad eug i have to go to the fuckin dealer ship to get tail light damnit!!!! :(
and you're not even gonna read this... :(
alice's combative ego is setting-up lifelong poor eating habits for the kids she pretends to defend at her school. :(
sleepinn on the couch tonitee. 2nd nite not in my bed :(
lol.. madd??? at wat?? wat u talkn bout?? are you maad ? :(
i will not get a chance to buy my world 2.0 today :( . my family and i are going someplace else :( .
i can't. :( not feeling well, plus stupid whiplash
i can't stomach real coke anymore. sickly sweet, and it gives me a headache. :(
i hope he survived. :(
strip club you saaaaay.....lol i wanna come :(
thank you for the well wishes...i'm sure gonna try to get better soon..this is awful :(
ooo shawn, lol i hope a bey hate page comes along so you can feel how we feel :(
i can't imagine that there's no electricity till 3pm :(
i really can't stand slow cab drivers. :(
friday fest was fun, going to crash with amanda at her condo for her last night here before back to chicago for her :(
i might be a little late but i just realized doesn't go to our school anymore :( <-- #random
lmao, but she wanted to sell some girl scout cookies :( xd
voy a ver supernatural :(
haven't tweet for the past 10mins :( should i stoppp & diee
