nah fooool. i tried. :(
nqqaa go buy me a chimi , my moms awakee ! -__________- i cant leaveee! :(
ollie is giving me puppy eyes :( hes whining. so cute
i ran out of veenis' to photoshop :( i wanna customize my own $399 0:
my computer doens't know how to open it. :(
nooooooooooooooooo no podré ir a ver a the 69 eyes...mueroooooooooo :( :( :(
multi colour ano? multi colour trend imitated horribly in ma village :( > 2 colorse ulu ena paranjat. yelow and ligt ivory ..
sakit apa can?rt ya allah tolong trombositnya ga usah turun lagi dong pleasee banget allah,mau sekolah :(
thanks for the #ff and cause i was thinking about deleting my twitter account cause i'm lacking on followers :(
i hate roaches !! :( get out of my bathroom!
dilema. i feel like taking a nap now. but i need to kickstart my day by starting to mug!!! omg. how siol :(
:( damn u brian! arggg! y cnt i ever prank u!?! ugh! lmao ;p i still hate u! haha
harias tu lo mismo poniendo un tweet? :( #kevinpleasetweet
lol i'm looking at the lord of the rings and i'm about to cry cause the wizard died yo..... that's messed up... i like harry potter :-(
ugh.. so.sick. shot of nyquil then sleep :(
sweet? more like meanies! :( jokes. shure you do. liar xd
yes i did hear about the flooding :(
mi nah wipe dem off tho. dem lucky raas! shlda wait likkle more. nail polish melts in water :(
we'll miss seeing you in action baby. : (
pleasee! notice us fans from indonesia! : (
need to catch a cab, but i don't know p detail address of this place. :( why can't you?
hey did i miss you in my #ff? ::horrified look:: if so sowwy :(
damnit! i spent so much money today... on a whole lotta nothing :( i hate when that happens
singing for my sis lol she's sad :(
awwww man. that sucks..! tht means i gotta wait evn longer b4 i get to tlk abt the ending :( .
last night with the waves <3 :(
my feet hurt :(
i wish i could! you're like an hour out of the way though, and i don't drive. :(
twitter is been boring :( no one is tweeting .
i'm just upset that rcb23 is such a jerk sometimes. i know him, and i know how he is. but it bugs sometimes. lol :(
i just ate steak and shake and i was disappointed! :-(
ah kamu....j.cool doang deh ah bosen brad :( eh ntar ke pim ya abs dr sana
you dont like me : (
:( literally had to force to say hi to 's parents
man, i wish i could go to pontiac to see the rocket summer on sunday :( his sets are like an hour and a half ahhhh :( loveeeehim
i feel bad as shit. my lil sis want me to come over for easter but im not fuckin wit my peoples so i told her no :-(
anjing kampret anjrottt !!! anjiiiiing !! sebel gue ! :(
maybe... i planned to come but my car is acting up! : (
i have a feeling that my 31st birthday is going to pass without a tweet *sadly* : (
i have no reason :-( i just cannot sleep
i knoooow...and it wasnt nuthin i could do about it :-(
i know!! haha but floyd went with us so it was....you know!!! :(
i wanna be carried around on back too :( i'm kinda craving a lollipop...
well, i can't ride your boat. :(
aw i want to follow me :( that would totally make up for the terrible day i haddd. i love kelllie
i wanna talk to :( i miss my baby.
i know right :(
no parties... i have to work in the morning, so i can go out tonight :(
nahi yaar where were we supposed to vote?? mai hazaaro vote daitaa...lol kisse nai mujhe bataya he nahi.. :(
wish mine was over :(
i miss you barrack 'marc' obama of the uk. :( #dahell
wow. twitter looks nice when you log off. :(
nooo i'm in muncie :(
i wish i was going to the beach.... :-(
i miss you too! :-(
5:30am call time with hair and make-up ready?? ouch!! :(
harias tu lo mismo poniendo un tweet? :( #kevinpleasetweet
um....idk wat that is :( want 2 explain :)
yup...the #powerofprayer ...company closed wednesday, so before tht i was good! :(
; girl i aint even go to school today ! ive been plannin` for the summer lately , just found out some bad news :( .
aaa sakit apa mamamu, keciiiiil? i'm sorry to hear that :( nah loh mama saya mes (cont)
oh blah everytime :( brb
sunburn makes it really difficult to sleep. i have really bad luck lately. i think florida is rejecting me :(
i was! i have tweet deck on the itouch, but had little to no wifi. :(
