um i don't know there mean 2 me :(
i love you chace crawford :(
just found out you can pre-order "glee: the music, the power of madonna" on itunes. but there is no preview audio :(
no :( are you??
i hate working at a place where they make u drink :(
i need lots of followers :( help me?:> :( i neew 100 followers ryt away then i'll give a shoutouts for yaa! just tell me :)
i am too fat for your clothes :( i am so depressed.
nyummy!! post me some!!! i want good chocolates!! :(
thanks to her, i want chocolate!! :(
lol i'm always like that tho, n my bad :( but i'm good, how r u?
rough night?? :( smh, don't know if ima make it to uwg.... still at work...
stomach ache :(
:( people are starting to take credit for starting #jonastour2010... erg.. always happends. please tweet #jonastour2010 !
exept me :(
darn and i am heading to bed! :(
u only like brown.. u know i really was bout to call u but i went straight from work.... sorry :(
awww he's growing up!! : (
the mess i go through.. the people that provokes the mess.. :(
just lost 2 followers! :(
mee too! :( » i dont feel too good :(
kngen maen audit :(
tht site dnt wrk for me. :( go to datpiff.com
my neck hurts. :( that guy that rear ended us better show up in court.
in memory of the party dalma :( lol
a four yr old died? :(
owh... it's good friday and easter weekend but you got so many homework! that's bad.. :(
q:stop flirting with everyone!!! why do u keep doing this t... a:i don't know who you are :(
omg this movie really hurts my heart :( i wish a man would try putting his hands on me . .& in front of my child. . >:o fuckouttahea.
half an hour late for meeting baby. skin allergy :(
i always "rt if you want to be followed" statuses but never get followed. :(
everyone else who i didnt text back today! (lorenna, destiny, hollie, allie) sorry :( ...mrs. brooks took phone away...she needs to die
oooooo i love yorkies! had 1 for years and years :( miss him so. adorable!!
nooo seriously i can't :( nothing good is happening right now
crapload of stuff coming this week and i'll be a shut-in. girls, xx, major lazer, dum dum girls & the sleigh bells all hit this week. :(
lol where were u an hour ago? :(
hahahaha :( breakfast again soon sissmy
i have friends at that show 2nite! they were just as excited to see u there as they were the others! sorry i missed it :(
yea they leave u speechless. hey 1wk ago today i saw u twitter crush at static!! mine wasn't there tho :(
shooting the root?? are you doing drugs?? is shooting the root with veis for his going away party :(
i miss my sister too :(
dudeee are you ever gonna go on here, cause i don't wanna run it by myself :( <3
i can't find my phone :(
i know :( sigh :(
this sucks :(
anything in particular, or just generally feeling bad? i'm sorry to hear it, btw :(
me my dad and aunt donna and darren are coming<<what about everyone else? :-(
aah :(
miss u too dear and i miss mia :( i miss my miami fam! :-/
oh dear, talk of trading beauty for functionality ...my innocent attempt to show appreciation has been frustrated :-(
buuu :(
boreddd, phone ain't working. :(
writing about indefeasible rights/ethics and getting absolutely nowhere. ugh should have opened bottle wine &watched movie instead. :(
i need ur help :(
ugh, philly! i didn't like it loong before you showed up; i'm sorry, duckie :(
i just so sad my babesz doesn't hit me up no more sad face :-(
i jus lost a follower :(
leaving to pick up dinner and getting in an elevator that smells like vomit isn't pleasant. :(
i miss my favorite cousin :(
still i'm sorry :( *more hugs*
enjoy ur days off! i just had a mini vacation and it was cold n rainy :-(
looking in the dominican, puerto rico, antigua & the caymans & culinary event disney. can't make the france trip :(
and her tooth! and sometimes they are :( hahaha
i know :( i was pissed that they did that. he shouldve lived. i want crixus dead already.
i hate coming home for the simple fact that i never wanna leave. :-(
and you wonder whats wrong with me, thats whats fuckin wrong with me. ugh!. :( some people. :/
so sydney i shall see you in a couple of hours. someone take me out to party :(
kaya'e ada yang salah nii,, something wrong here.. :(
:( okay .
no body wants to help me get more followers i'm so sad :(
i don't even have a number to call you at :( i miss you
i hope you get her back :(
, i always yours, and you never follow :(
another victory for the iphone lol u guys coming down? my twitter app. is f'd damn u droid :(
had to qet rid of my puppy nala :( she qot sick , uqh .
i would totally write a blog right now, but i can't. my mom left the laptop at her work :(
i kno :( oh man
wish i was there!! i'm watching a movie by myself. watching inglorious bastards alone, wishing i had a friend with me :(
your at khane?!! i didn't go today because you said you wouldn't! omg and yeah i know my cousin is only there on fridays :(
door is open & house is starting to cool off, but i'm not comfortable w/ it open at night, especially w/ dh isn't home. :(
i wanted 2 do something also but my dumbass is getting sick so i might stay in :(
dislike the things that are ruining your epic day!!! :o :(
tried 2 sign but can't find where. :(
hahaha thats soo cool, an amber pic would be nice, she sooo pretty :) im sad she lost tonight :( but she'll get her revenge
-yo this is supposed to entertain children? yo i like it :(
i'm so glad your sharing the memories. let them comfort you. it sucks that life is so f'ing short. :(
my first tweet with my iphone, hikari! now it's time to go to work, even it's saturday.. :(
:o i'm online again :ooooooooo :( gabisa lama-lama -__-" bye tweeps
haha iya banget hey kita tadi kurang narsis :(
i was up tha studio on wendsday.. we missed u :-(
i only found out about the show about 2 hours ago. fail. :(
when did jack get to look so damn old? :( i love that guy
oh ok i see well shoot it was sold out anyway :( u aint miss anythin pham
just watched survivor and am rather upset! :( get rid of russell dammit! grrr....poor boston rob :( lol
wrong is the fact that you're so fasr away :(
every1 went 2 the movies...i wanna go 2 :(
ohhh maybe i shd check that out...i wanted to get my cbe from the healthychildren seminar in mke this feb, but missed it :(
dam everyone is drinking but me !!!! :-(
i'm feening for cinniminis from bk :(
notre dame recruit matt james dead after fall from balcony in panama city, florida /via // :-( :-(
:( i really hope theres still more chocolates in my refrigerator <3
so i forgot to put on sunblock on my face and my nose look like a lobster :(
ya i guess :(
i miss: michael jackson, 3t, tweeting, tweeting, & the jacksons: a family dynasty on a&e :(
dont feel good. feet hurt. phone wont let me erase inbox. :(
nothing i just dont have one :( lol
aww, that sucks. :( hmm...are you able to work out after the dinner?
i always "rt if you want to be followed" statuses but never get followed. :(
poor matt :( drew can suck it!!
omg i want those chipmunks!!! :(
sorry hun i be busy :( bad timing i guess
what went wrong? nooo seriously i can't :( nothing good is happening right now
oh yikes, i missed out. :(
oh so jealous. crawfish are non-existant in san francisco :(
two things i should always have: vodka and gin. guess what two things i don't have? yeah. :(
ehh :(
marie callendar's is all out of chicken pot pie :(
so.. i missed tweet. im in virginia on a trip. not much tweeting for me lately. :-(
i don't know enough about the female anatomy, let alone miley's, to continue :(
cant see it if its sold out :-( i feel 'somekindaway' about that :-)
yah diiind:(rt eh pengen ikut akyuuu tp ga bisa :(
unhappy again, computer can't download anymore. zune won't let me deactivate one for another 30 days :(
i kno i ended up c/s a bit of chocolate :( but hopefully coz i spat not too many calories were consumed and i can work them off
:( are you still taking motrin? did you attempt the gym?
well me and her havent been on same page lately and i tink she h8's me :( wat should i do
grrrr i hate tumblr. it won't let me save pics :(
whattttt whyyyy :( pdhal sudah kutunggu2 :'(rt ga boleh ):
me too :(
so olivia newton-johns ex bf is alive wat a selfish prick for making olivia go through all that grief :( loser
:-( ???
watchin old movies on tmc....lonely on a friday night...thanx dude :-(
q:ohhh you jerkk :'(ima go cut myself now lol a:noooo don't! :( i'm sorrryyyy!!!
oh okay david just signed out, i guess. :(
am i just a joke for you? :( ugh badmood please don't you dare to ruin this perfect saturday. no way.
what sucks? :(
lol i'm home :(
i need you here with me now :(
nawww he at the moviess :( lol
people keep un following me i was so close to 300!! now i'm back to needing 6 more :( 300th follower will get dm's 2 :) now go
my skin sucks!!!!!! :(
yes it does :(
i miss you soo much already peary<3 a whole week? not guna happen! im not guna survive :( emalie
says uuuuyyy pano ba gumawa ng tumblr layout? :-(
omg no... i have had allergies on my skin since day 1!! :(
