what did i do now? :( i def hit u back when u texted me. dont be like that.>oh really?
wish and i could go to #barcamporlando tomorrow... too much stuff to do :(
okay good! i really feel for you, we had cc details stolen once and it's not fun :(
what goin on when u hve no one 2 go home 2 :( its not all its cracked 2b girl the grass is always greener remember tht :)
so tired :( but i don't want to sleep what is there to do :(
ii miss someone :(
fuck gidilounge joh...y wuld party end at 2:30....hevay flop << big disappointment :-(
followed kak :) follback doong :(
u gave me something to brag about and then u let them take it :(
indiana... internet doesnt work at this terminal :(
:( if i was in town i could help
i miss :(
i used my brother's phone lol i'm still letting my phone dry out :(
i didnt make it :(
say hello, please :(
i don't want vegeatbles
i want pizza :( stupid life
of course!!! i hope you're coming home soon, though :(
bedroom has been painted. no paper has been written. no office walls have been primed. :(
it's all just too much :( but i thank my bestfriend for always having me. ily man. goodnight.
i haven't seen the last song yet :(
i broke my phone :-(
i was gonna say that too... :( horrible day
ngintip koko haha ngintip sapa sis???e(¬-̮¬)e bintitan :(
:( i'll miss u all
the concert??.. its toma night at mardi gras in jackson,ms.. yo.. i liv in ms.. and im in jackson but #im2yung :(
so mad boo has my fone :-( i hate being on this ugly computer :-(
i know :( can you come back. like now na. i'll wait at tullamarine complete with tarp welcome back sign.
yay!!!!! go cavs!!! (i live outside of cle. i can say that.) :) :( hawks lose to cavs (again), 93-88
eep tweet me? plzzzzzz :(
me too... :(
basketball? :(
thanks to dj eco!! :) #asot450 :( love this tune #asot450
lol wow! u dnt evn tlk to me on bbm :( and i evn tried to introduce myself n u ignored me
i just lost the game :( thanks.
omg dancing thanks to footloose :(
i didn't know when you wanted to come :(
when you lost someone but it goes to wste :(
:[ the people that reply chat with me for like 3 messages then just ask for a shoutout make me sad... :( "hi" "hey!" "sup?" "shoutout?":'(
i'm going to the movies w/o u :( waitt till i come back
:( i'll tell them off when i get home.
$50 itunes gift card giveaway! enter by following / and retweet [im a bad girl momi :( ]!
would be leaving my zmr to fort point again :(
one hot morning, i wanna swim.. :(
cute lolz wendys is callin me, but ima send her to voicemail again :(
i don't know if you read this earlier... but... i left my phone charger there. i think you gave me your charger... :(
how are they sore? my back hurts. :(
whatttttt :( can we start it a lip early like 11:30 !!!! i can be on till 12 or 1230 at the latest !!!!!!!
damn im missin out lol :( bbllaaahhh (@ricandiamond live at )
:( i tried calling you
today was soooo much fun:) i miss laura though :(
hoaem* bored and sleepy onnie. :( still download some videos onnie. hehe. and listen to the music. xd
i've been a fan of for 4 years &still not met them! i don't think i can afford 2go2a concert this year :(
tired, cold, not feeling too good. :(
:(
no long weekend for me :( u have extra day off?
6:30am? lol and my parents say i have a big stomach for a small person :( my moms like "it looks like a 4mnt baby"
i made it to orlando ok thanks everyone i'm really tired now :( bout to pass out
neverrrrr!! i'm too old now :( i knew it! before you know it, you'll be rockin' the lower back tat! haha
shame shame i thought yew didnt know :(
estou com sono :(
loll. awww. poor baby. :(
u left before i could speak :-(
:( my condolence
i sooo totally miss my life is empty without u :(
it looked ok after 2 more bleach treatments, don't have a great pic handy tho, only in physical photo albums but no scanner :-(
aawww i freakin miss partying with u :(
oh no :( sad i missed u!
and how do we do the write-up!? :(
i miss my blackberry :(
me either! :( if #jonasbrothers and #honorsociety never became bands i literally wouldnt exist
i'm just wrapping up with some spring cleaning but i'm way to gross to stop by :(
will miss you too :( x
your not even following me :(
not nice things..like really bad. :(
she retreated into his room. new wig ain't makin it for me! :(
lmao! isn't it you people that sent me to the one close to gwu? :( just got here. i want chicken :( --> betta run!
me either :( at least we both up tho :)
i really don't wanna stay home tomorrow :(
dang going out without me... :-(
lol! entertain me twitter! wish i was there!! :-(
its going alright. i saw the last song today. really good! but you need tissues :( how's yours going?
is watching russal howard <<-- i would say he is funny my cant turn volume up :(
you not nice to me :(
was awake for 27 hours!! then slept for four hours only :(
no. :( i'm texting you. mk. answer.
oooops i wasnt checking my twitter. yah i was there :( i was hoping i saw yu
just got back from the wake it was rly sad&i couldn't stop crying :( now just w/ my 2nd cousin ally comforting her,that was her grandpa :(
fml i'm so tired :(
wats wrong :( rt: ahhhhh!! just got the worst text ever! fuck the wine, imma need tequila!!!
csa social 2nite =] 7t i'm missing out ... :( ... why this weekend though?...-m home in ny)
it so fucking hot in my friends room. :(
omg i am so mad i can get through to yall :(
heard about what happened at mojo's. :( just glad you all are ok let us know if we can do anything to help!
lonely walk to cvs :(
yeah :( but am going to the internet cafe now if it's open :)
me manda o link ? :(
it really is :(
ugh, so sorry :( hope it makes for a calm quiet night, at least! hope it gets fixed soon!!
ugh, my phone finally broke. stuck with a phone that i don't know how to use. :(
i know! :(
rtrtrt please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
why am i up already? this is spose 2 b my sleep in day! :( i keep thinking abt food! crepes, strawberries w/fresh cream, chendol, pbccf..!!
am i ever gonna find the perfect guy??? bleh :(
me either! :( if #jonasbrothers and #honorsociety never became bands i literally wouldnt exist
aww..charlie died! :( john forsythe, 'dynasty' tycoon, dies at 92 (cbs 2 los angeles)
man..he lived a good long life!
hr ini km gak kmn2 yang? miss you too !!!!! :( mwaaaaach my! :*
sad :( i liked u aswell!
bahah we lost so fast :(
:(
i would if i didn't have to go to bed soon for work in the morning :(
i text you. i hate you phone :( but ill probably be able to go tomorrow, but my mom wants to make sure like someone's gona be
took a bike ride to my old grandparents house..where we all grew up.....miss it :(
i miss my friend :(
ahi no pai.... eso es malo hoy :( no eso no es malo
ke gili trawangan gak fik?rt going to the next beach and rent a boat to snorkle. too bad i can't go snorkling today :(
i haven't seen the last song yet :(
whatever illness i have, my daughter now has it too :( <== poor saunci. smh bad mother lol jk
the pic didn't post. : (
the bae is sad . :(
everything is ok on my end..how abt urslef..its been a minute : (
should do more ustreams :( theyre always poppin when he does lol
i'm freeezing cold outside! i'm sick! wtf! grrrrrr! :(
i know...what crazy weather! we went to a wedding tonight & couldn't believe it when we came outside to snow! :(
oh man!!! that stinks!! :( well, great for them if it's true...
i kno!! was standing there w/ tolly&lauren ha i left early to grab dinner+ my friend's feet were hurting :( hope to c u soon
break my heart why don't ya... :(
i knowwww! :-( 3rd weekend w/o :( #blah
i haven't heard from you and you don't write me. i just got lucky enough to see you in passing. :-(
things that suck being told that there are longer than usual waits and then being forced to listen to ads for other products comcast :(
