speaking of.... i miss movie nights life n cali sucks :(
aw :( go thru all of you're tweets and delete negetive ones. it will help.
dnt encourage him please :( c'morrrnnnn we have to bk our own! its not always bout the bike back!
baby girl i would never come at you like that i was referring to my friend and your next to him on my timeline i'm sooo sry :(
no one lives near me :(
i know. some people don't. :(
i'm sorry! :( it's their loss you will find better. come have lunch with me next week if u have time
boo :( but hey, at least there's the tour?
that's not cool! :(
fat people make me foobl :) ano people annoy me :(
awesome thanks i think i have to buy a new webcam aye :(
noooooooooooes!!! :( cheater
i guess its time to accept the harsh reality of the fact that never replies me anymoreee.... :( not cool man.
sounds like i picked the wrong weekend to go home :(
damn it xbox 360 rrod again :(
exhausted . . .my lungs and throat on fire and the heat isnt helping any! :( #fb
sitting here all by myself.... got ditched. :(
ik....sooo wats up since were not able 2 talk 2 eachother alot this week.cause of easter :(
jack, come back! llorando maaaal con titanic :(
lol where yall hot mamas goin 2nite? b patience eb!rt ugh.... come on :( (cont)
i saw that, when i reread the tweet. :( *cries*
singin rude boy feels like false advertisement...that's no fun :(
yup. but i think the director cut that scene :(
getting ready for a long drive in the car :( text mee ♥ :) thankyou to everyone whos following! it means alot :)
miss my bros and -_- i miss da summa time with u guys wish spring break wud b like dat :-(
wow. :( i'm sorry to hear that. you're in my thoughts.
is gonna look at this or no! :( :( :( i worked so hard but maybe he doesnt care..wait yes he does
i'm so worried :(
we are absolutely heartbroken to see go. we will miss how awesome detective has been :(
still curled up on the couch :(
dang it and i only have 18 minutes left on the net at this before it closes, will have to watch the podcast :(
i saw the miniseries but never read the book though :(
everything okay? with my grammy at the hospital :-(
... :-( army spokesman: there might be violence today, but we are prepared.
my little pops with the sickle kahlilo manifesto...is sick :(
what till your 40. all you and the spouse do is sit home 24/7 on your free time.no friends, no going out to have fun :(
leaving again :( sorry guys :( will be back one day soon! <3
please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
"pilots make less than managers at taco bell" michael moore. it makes me sad. i hate capitalism :(
i killed my phone. whenever i turn it on all it does is press u and o a million times : (
damm its 3:43 am and the tele ant working :( ermmmx
to all the people who beat me in friday night magic, good luck meeting a girl and uh, shit. i suck at magic, the gathering. :( #fnm #mtg
naw i'm sick, allergies kickin my butt :( u aint on shit 2nite?
so sad that i couldn't see in nyc tonight :(
no invite :(
#ihateitsomuch when my scores in the report book aren't really good :(
last days in nyc till september! going out with goodbye party, shes going to la tomorrow :(
i had this crazy idea that when i got my phone back id have a text from you. but i didnt. that's just it though, it was a crazy idea. :(
angel is gone :( i don't wanna think tiger ate her but its a possibility. i'm sad. wth!
thanks me too :(
what happened?? :(
:( i'll miss all my monsterz:{ luv u<3 *heart ripz*
salmon out of stock? whuut? no way! :( last day of fasting today.
photo: me and my bessie, who is currently skiing in france :(
wardrobe malfunction!!! :(
me 2!i've decided being alone is 4 the birds.i'm no lngr embracing it. ok its official i really want a g/f :(
they didn't cut it right :( i'm getting it recut next weekend .. ugh
where do you find all of these dogs on campus?! cody and i want to play with puppies too :(
my baby dont wanna talk to me :(
i miss ballet.. all my leg muscle is gone :(
watching sherlock holmes... i do not like this movie at all :(
eric told me youre sickk. :( -makes you chicken soup- x] taaadahhhhh!
*goes to sit with no one else is awake?? :( > i am! ...*joins table* > yay :)
i cant be fucked movin to turn my tele off, and to pick up my duvet :(
i wish i could have my awesome back :( i guess i'll just have to wait until the morning to step back on my figurative game.
i dont have any in the house and the liquor stores are closed :(
jacuzzi, sauna, and steam room with (sick) ann. :( excited for hiro sushi boats. thank god it's (good) friday! ;)
my grandmas house with no internet :(
sorry kissmes if the pic is too small :(
everyone is at ala moana today!! //// i'm not :(
we were wachin a documentry about how mars was born and wen it was asking how could a planet be made he says simple adam n eve, aye dad :(
nvr take wat u hav 4grantd bcoz der is always sum1 who has nothin and wishes 2 b wid u everyday. :(
