me too! hahaha but idk bout those lyrics thingies lmao ...it must seem easy to you :( lol
i reallyreallyreally want to see adam on his tour (obviously). but i dont think im going to able to. :( money is super tight this year.
lucky! well i still have another year in my contract :(
i know t it was so sad... he was in the middle of the road for so long before they scooped him up :( and yes heading over
in the car these niggas blowin my high bumping waka :(
i want a bf i can go shoppn with...how cute is that!?:)<- :( i used to have 1 of those.
tonight's real time with is a rerun. :-( #boo
nvm jst gna watch a movie tmo, canceled great america too :(
omg i need to be home in my bed :(
had some jerk chicken now my tummy hurt :(
crap!! i haven't been on the treadmill hardly at all this week. :(
naw houston :(
stop celebrating wit out me damn! :(
been watching #nip/tuck season 6 on the web episode 6 forward is not available anywhere and the dvd is not yet released :-( #frustration
realllly? :-( but my friend like got his from sch & went to sch to get the software... darn this's super confusing!!! :-(
ayyoooo! lol. im at work! :( get off at 12. gotta make them car payments! lmao. we need 2 do lunch 1 day soon! or grab them drinks!
i'm so fucking bored :(
so my plane was meant to leave at 12.45. it is 1.15 now and we are still sitting here. le sigh. :(
wow i must be really lame!?? :( :( i can't get 3 more followers!!! pretty please follow ---> !
ahh correction, hate going to bed with shit on my mind, cant sleep :( anyone wanna help me get some followers??
i guess people don't like my icons :(
why? they are cute :(
i miss you babygurl, will be seeing you tonight yes? aku kangen pacar :(
think i might have to throw that salsa out...something aint right with it :(
my casio has lost its beep :(
hare geneee belalang?? bahlul aje udeeee tersinggung gw :( cap cip cup.. belalang kuncup
haha. no. trust. aww. i'm sorry. :( hope you find it. :)
*smiles* mexico :s i don't like it i used 2 live in vancouver :( i miss it
just downloaded a second killswitch engage album, and 1st buckcherry album, though looks like bc may no longer be a band. :(
i'm mad u didn't invite me :-( lol
watching leno, now i'm upset that i didn't get tixs to see justin bieber yesterday :(
i forgot... i'm sorry... i didn't get lots of people gifts... it would've been hard to fit everything into one bag :(
; apparently you notice all of your tweet to you , please prove it to me i think i'm gonna give up soon :(
as anyone seen the ending to the mist? freakin depressing and sad. :(
phone bout to die :(
perut gue sakit banget :(
awwww :( you or?no damage??:(
christina, so sorry to hear that. i know from experience it is not fun. :(
awww i wish :-( soon as i get 2 atl im goin 2 the waffle house
i wish i could find my facking dress!! omg i'm all over the place #fistfuloftears :(
dear essay: please write yourself. seriously. ugh. i dont wanna write youuu. :(
that's why it's funny!!!! i love you sis!!!! don't be mad at me. :(
aww :( i got to go :(:(:( #goldenticketbuddy !! i dont wanna leave :( bnow i wont havae a chance to win :( xoxo
i need somethin to do !!! :(
lol you about the only one :( i always lose.
oh no....afraid to ask lol i got bad news : (
it's a good book btw. it's sad :( hahah i've watched like almost all of nicholas sparks movies lol
it happens. i have the lamest size ever, so cute shoes are always sold out in my size. :(
fiquei no vacuo \o brinks -q o chat acabou :( (@felippeucci live on
awh :( same here..rt: why does insomnia insist on bugging me every night. maybe it's jealous of sleep.
ugh i know! thank god its almost the end of the year. but my brothers graduating so thats gonna be sad :(
sorry for the ugly watermark, i have to do it due to art theft. :(
:( :(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:( maybe you can find a link online?
no...i already made plans b4 i knew about it :(
btw girls, i work until 1030 sunday :( so i'll be late to chat
im having an anxiety attack. i can't take this :(
damm yo i wuz joken n he tuk it serious wtf :(
bored as fuck t.t super sick :( pink eye
watching my sisters keeper :(
rusuh say . aku suka app org smbrgn sih say . bsa bantu ga ? :( knp di deactive?
is laughing at the fact of brandon beating the crap out of dillon because of his stupidity, but there was a hospital trip for dilly. :(
chicago just isn't chicago anymore. the windy city has turned into the city of violence smh :(
havinggg soooo much funn but i really miss kristina :( but i got her somee cool fossils and shells soo yeaa
on the road... kinda bored... just been callin folks, nobody answered tho :(
i want to win the new zealand c4 'meet contest' soooooooooooooooo bad! he's only here for one daaay :(
i can believe i've got allergies :(
nick: no more bad pizza.. kevin: no more tight pants!.. joe kev and nick: -put hands in- no mariiaaahh.. -all walk away- aww :( lol
great. mine didn't go as plan :(
mayun out of nowhere , i miss you guys :( , &
yeah :( plus i'm freakin tired. x.x
i cant find wall-e :(
this doctor seriously talks 30 seconds maybe of every two minutes. 22 minute dictation. kill me now. so much time, so little pay :(
hello!!!i dont really know what to put. since you dont reply. :(
i cant get my mind off it. its just too much :( </3
#backintheday uhh my mom would braid my hair in 2 pigtails for my basketball games :(
watchin spartacus (tryin to see what the hype is about) and laying in bed being a sick puppy :(
" i have decided that i actually like my voice" "thats why your singing? cuz that doesnt mean we like it" :( hmph!
wtf was an hour away from me and i missed them :( grrrrrr im pissed off!!
i can't go anymore :(
u never talk to me anymore :( i miss that
i just remembered i need to get a new pot for my orchid! and the leaves are turning yellow! wah. :(
haha ye should apply for my work then :) lmao i applied for loads a places but i only heard back from them and mcds :(
that hooters/ihop formspring question was kinda inappropriate for someone your age :( stupid people
i know :( i dont even know why we are open. its easter goddamnit.
dear essay: please write yourself. seriously. ugh. i dont wanna write youuu. :(
ugh, massive headache :(
she's still poorly :( but it's nothing u gave her don't worry x
chicago just isn't chicago anymore. the windy city has turned into the city of violence smh :(
dont want to go to work tomorrow. :( not feeling well
omg my great grandama is in the hospital :(
ikut preview toh bu :)rt heran, sabtu pagi gini kok muacet? :( #onlyinciledug menuju plaza senayan utk lovely bone-ing
after an hour of training with ken, went straight into vs mode against so far 21-0 her :(
aw i need a concert to go to :( hmmmm wonder whos playing soon
you forgot me in your ff :-(
omg why am i so stupid? :( razor burn
haha yes! but then he'd go down too :( lol i'd secretly hope for it to crash lucky (cont)
sorry love :( wish i could rescue you
waaahh..get well soon ya ness.. :)rt i'm feeling the same thing with u ham... :(
yeaa i wish you were coming though ! :(
what happened to the dream of the happy couple? please, don't go away :(
thought i was goin out 2nite but dis flat tire messed my mood up... i can't change it! :(
without wifi... i had to check into #foursquare a few times... think i ticked it off... :-(
wanna buy a lot of games from itunes :(
omg* there's nothing to do tonite :(
-.......- hah, tiada maaf bagimu(?) maaf :( helloo gue udah cukup sabar ya liat tingkah
definitely. well, only 5 people could be bothered to join on mine. its pretty fail. :(
can't believe it's all going to be over in less than 24 hours! :(
i may or may not be tipsy. fun times. i just lost at pool. :(
im good thx. but im thinking about ma friend in hospital :(
haha too bad it's engr hw :( oh well. at least i'll have the rest of the weekend to chill.
this ep makes me :( be faithful to your boyfriend arthuurrr
dude yall come up yet? all we got is reggie yo :(
just listened to the lyrics of perfect man for the first time :o :( mayb another year and place ahahaha
-stops and frowns- :(
my windows system got broken!! now i'm using ubuntu-- :(
this cruise requires us to pack much more than a carry on will fit :(
its far too hot here. :(
:( i miss my pookie!!! miss you more tushy! :)
no one told me you were outside! i walked out after they told me and they were already walking back in. :(
i feel made nauseous :-(
i don't approve. i like being special having easter at a diff time :(
neverrrrr!! <3 i'm scared too lol im scared , dont leave me here alone :(
i miss #backintheday :(
lol why do i keep puttin it on you.;.. i dnt mean tooo :( .. are u crying >
no good friday services to go to tonight. :( was thinking of going to grace community but too far. and i'm still at work. boo.
thats cause i hear you press ignore :( on the phone.... {with me? my phone didn't ring!!}
