om ticket 2tix pitbull nya buat saya saja om!!! pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee om :(
poor you!! :( have u met the piano guy yet? i wanna meet him! altho i cant cuz i has no webcam. lol
aaaaaaaaaaaah , desisto do g ou do beijo :( (@erick_kuhn live on
hahah to find you a lover!! i know you do :( i was hoping to have some apple pie for lunch
yeah u did :( got yaself a new gf and didn't even tell ur ol' pal. #shameful !!!
today i learend that head injuries bleed a lot! :( poor riley.
i miss you... :(
some of us can't watch during the day because we work and don't own a dvr. :( i think the eps are magnetism & breakdown
cieee... mr. i-cool, let's meet up!hurrryyyyy!!! (dipikir2 g guna jg ngetweet gini.toh dia g bsa baca jg) :(
must say goodbye to spring break. :(
finally on the bus. now its bye bye chi town :(
eu gosto. mas acho que não vou no show :(
i just came back for remedia. fml i still have syf training till 4. :(
i hate it when jonas and bieber fans fight :(
they no longer sell arizonas at amboy market. im sad :(
mw'e seh gtu,tp apa daya dompet tk mampu..wkwkwkwk..byri donkk chin,i want go to home :( wkwkwkwk..
: ( what's the point in lieing???
laish mafee a7ad fa9il ilyoom :( i need it. ufff kila i7ba6 o nakad ilyoom madree laish, but i had fun with wild bnt 3am omy xd
no sonic in ri. no in-n out either. :-(
ou n :(
ayyy extrañoo a my babyy!!! cry cry!! :( :(
i miss mr bubbles :(
i wish u didn't leave :( lol commeeee backkk bffnmw !
i on the other hand have too many friends who won't join twitter so i have to stick it out. :(
i'm crying i love you so much joseph :( really you and your brothers changed my life! #jonasbrothers
#shoutout2dagirlz that took the place of mommy when she wasn't around :(
wahhhhhh. craving for mac breakfast for a long time :(
#itsreallyannoying when people follow you then unfollow you so because of them you lost 10 followers :( =/
silly laptop wont up load picz.. dumb :(
:( nevermind, my mom told me my grandma got mine from the market by her house.
movie starts at 10:30 shame i gotta start gettin ready now... my hair takes forever :(
i need foooood ! ! ! i havent eatin since lik 11 . . wtheckkkk ali nnd corrina didnt feed mee : (
awww, poor kitty! :( glad you found him.
omg, i miss sam :(
i hate this whole absentee marriage thing. i want my husband home
i'm hurt you didn't invite me to do those tequila shots with you earlier. :( are you camping out for an ipad?
if you working out like running #nshit you won't lost weight, you'll just gain weight because of muscle, keep ya titties! :(
i'm gunna miss you too :( loveee youuu.
i'm so exhausted and i dont wanna be. :( someone wake me up
i texted u :(
i need some more bubble bath bc i already used it all up :(
omg i know but i didnt get anything :(
*goes to sit with no one else is awake?? :(
going to bed but i forgot to turn my white noise machine on and i really dont feel like getting up! :(
they would find out that i'm not dying and like hate me forever :( of course you would cause everyone loves some #jonasbrothers
i wanna go 2 the movies :-(
sorry i wouldn't know what to say either :(
ugh greys! ...when lexie shut the womans life support off, it brought so much back!! im in tears right now! :(
ah sad bbe ke.. and i thought there was love :(
it's a great movie please watch it hevva :(
stil at work :(
yep .. me too .. but this weather is killin' me :-(
i miss him! :(
omg i dont want to leave school :( its all happening so fast haha!!!
i wish my past would leave me the fuk alone! :-(
the last song was sad because her dad died :(
i really really wanna see why did i get married too... but i dont think i have much luck here in north dakota :(
i wasn't invited! :-( i officially hate you grrrrrrrrrrrr & i told you i better see you too smh
kak tia di hot shot selesai acr bcrn nya :( sayang cm 1/2 jam. minggu dpn kudu ntn edisi (cont)
wow, so tired already at only 7.37pm ... won't be going to movies, i guess :( and i have to be up early if i want to go to wherecamp!
happy ipad eve everyone!!! must rest. lots of playing on demos at apple stores & best buy tomorrow. :-) why? i haven't ordered mine yet. :-(
i'm crying i love you so much joseph :( really you and your brothers changed my life! #jonasbrothers
please ngertiin gua dikit aja,gue sayang sama lo :(
i have! i love it hahaha i want some :(
aw.. :( i'm sorry. i'm praying for you !
exhausted and sore. :(
hope everyone is having fun at the the #flamestweetup! wish i coulda bin there :(
man i aint got no god kids... yo wait how cum bout all my friend got kids but i aint nobody gods mom!! :-( i guess imma bad friend
lol. :( who tho me u keddy?and ahh i aint hit the clouds tday
don't count on it :(
and now it's not. :(
just window shopping. it's day 2 here, and only have few $$ left :( (@ world square shopping centre)
yuckkkk. lol i need to start coming on this more. i'm ditching it :(
oh sweetie :( i understand. *hug* dm if u need to talk k i'm a good listener promise :)
i fell asleep during it :( :$
this is my laptop, use it for gaming, graphics, movies and everything, awesome machine, got mine from pc world :( #mhi
my face is worse and i don't have tastebuds anymore. :(
#ihateitsomuch when my scores in the report book aren't really good :(
:( that sucks, kitten. i'm sorry.
:-( i'm not home my luv...smh
idk :-(
damn i was second on that list last week :(
prolly this may or june :(
............ :(
miss my two guwlfwends :(
i wish i could go bak home :-( i'm hatin on u...hopefully we'll run into each other whn u get bak
i'm sorry, that's a real drag. :(
who else thinks my voice sounds really gay in my vlog? i, for one do. -_-' i can't help it, my voice sucks. :( *depression*
i am still blind.... for life. need new replacement glasses :(
i usually come in every july for the accessories show at the merchandise mart. not sure about this summer :(
doesnt talk to me any morree :(
clash of the titans was a let down?!?! :( i really wanted to see it
so no one wants to tlk to me :( now im sad
watching old home movies made me miss my little kitty misty. died 13 years ago and i still get sad seeing her :(
very sad ending :(
i need money .. :(
sabaaar :)rt jahat mu!! :(
justt got your tweet. i would loveee to go out with you but idk if i can :( call me though!!!
there is britney porn out there ?!?! where?! i miss the britney porn spam bots :(
:( i know. we better hang out soon bc schools coming to an end soon.
smh at you.. they live off their tips... :-(
no teleporting is lame. i cant find my broomstick. :(
i can't believe it, i've just been sick all over my bed. really not happy with it being easter. :(
yes, i was holding my breath the whole game! and such an undeserved win. :(
y balik tidur lg lho din kok nguantukk yooo :(
eu desisto :( :( :(
no cool stuff. :(
liburan yuk :( (ga nyambung?) i wanna kick you with pup (???) haha i wanna punch you with b
oh, wait, this is a software thing, not hardware, huh. :( so i guess no flying cars.
*goes to sit with no one else is awake?? :( > i am! ...*joins table*
and myself are gonna go to studio 4 since is iggin me :-(
whatcha doing tomorrow? im exhausted i got 3 hrs of sleep last night :(
<~~~ hating! :( woooooo hooooo yeah boi !!!! we r gonna have fun!!!
i guess i gotta watch the hawks lose later on tonight. damn :-(
so sad :( why are you telling me just follow pretty girls? u_u'
u never reply to me anymore cody :(
i'm so bored at work with my terrible cough :(
has a headache! :(
i'm sorry babe...we go together next time =) promise! you aint invite me?? :-(
i want some spice :( maybe ill go looking for some next week
why do the majority of aussie prog-metal/rock gigs have to be 18+ :(
twitter is supposed to be a happy place :( *cries*
no. :( 3-5. 11 mins left in the 3rd #fb
got home a little while ago. i am soo tired for some reason. i have a little bit of a headache also :(
:( bye hoho cu next time!i gonna miss you!
i think u wake up, i go to work:( :(
sometimes i wish mengerti keadaan saya :(
... :( i'll miss their craziness .
r.i.p. john forsythe dies. #charliesangels #bachelorfather what a nice man he was... | thats sad :(
i have a headache :(
so perfect for camping, i really want to plan a trip. sucks not having someone to go with me :( cause i sure as hell ain't goin by mahself
yah mata gue lg sakit bengkak lg :( gue jg bnyk tgs -.- huh sorry ehehe maacih yon main yukkrt congrats :)
yeah i like the ep13! lol but sadly they finishing at ep16 :(
that's horrible! what am i gonna watch now?! :(
oh nooooo alll this time no smokey smoke?? :( enjoy! xo
donde estas :(
way to make me feel bad :(
whaat??? why??? noooo :(
hawks lost :( bummer!! but my lakers bout ta do work on tha jazz :+) #ff
to take care of his uncle who has heart attacks really easily. :( <3
wish i could've seen yesterday :(
