whats wrong wiith ur daddy love :(
my twittters dead at quarter to 5 on a friday/saturday. wtf :(
lmfao!!! i can't hear music :( this happened last time i tried listening. ugh!
my numer is no longer 740-792-2646.. i'm really upset so, amber or justin, don't call the number :(
hayy :( i like both of them but i personally think justin bieber is extreemly talented and i love him<3
:( i cant tomorrow most likely next saturday..no hudson for me 2nite
no :( i'll have my mom look tomorrow though. i'll be home then.
and while i learnt all the lyrics n steps of 'dil dance maare re'.. did not turn up. :(
lmao. don't do all that. what's your skype name...you didn't tell me :(
i wanna go out for ice cream but i've got no one to go with :(
brother add me on bbm my contacts erased! :-(
last day in choroni :(
this movie done made me stop cheating. :( lol jk jk. not joking about the cheating... i don't!
wtf man my evening is sooo fucked up from that phone call :( now i gotta be a good big cuzzin
so it looks like nobody actually pushed the record button at last night's #fudgiethon. so it looks like there will be no video posted. :(
i'm bored cuz my phone broke and i can't text nobody or call :(
haha awh, that'd be so much fun, except i dont live near seattle :( i live close to toronto..
today is not my day i need some one to talk to...but people are freaking out when i talk to them... :(
lol thats funny...what yall crazy asses doin tonight? i missed da cookout :(
it's been a rough/long day. i'm fighting a sinus headache :( i love when jesse just sits with me in silence, making me feel better :)
totally forgot to put that on dvr, i doubt brianna would pause her game for that! :(
im qoin to try and qo to sleep now ! work early in thee morninq && i have to qo and try and find an easter dress i know i wont thouqh :(
gtg! bye see you in 10 days! :( :(
on another note. i do need to get back onto my blogspot :( im so sorry 4 neglecting you my dear blog.
belle, you busy? we got to decide something. lol. sorry about this. :(
i wish i was in the bay area. i wanna see that movie! :( you get all the good stuff there!! /jealous
sad day indeed... :(
oh no ur not a freak, im sorry :(
my thoughts are just racing. :(
i was booted.:( i'm bummed. i'll try again another night i guess. :(
yeah :(
shaking my head lol, i always thought it was like "meh" or something when i saw people use it. makes me feel old :(
i wasn't followed. :(
the last mark/lexie scene was really sad :(
ahh hurry up please :(
iight bruh. i doubt me goin cuz i aint home :(
ohh!! i'm sorry about the bad day :( that was me yesterday! yes, tay always helps :)
really really hungry :(
q:lol you'ree ann ass. myy stomachh es full ! uhh... a:why do ppl keep sayin that ? damnnn . :(
in the hospital w/ms flair. :-( hopefully b home 2morrow. good thoughts & prayers please. these steroids r good. :)
:-( no cheer up cherry... give dude the middle finger; txt if you need to talk

(you'll never be single all your #twitterfans)
fuck me now. i forgot about the kca again. :(
omg. pls refollow if u see this tweet :(
heading to the dog park. i ate too much subway! my tummy hurts. :(
the station doesnt broadcast further south than cleveland :( you can catch it on the website soon though
haha, im kinda like that too, only the only thing stopping me is limited supplies. :(
fridayyyy, work at 5 am :( ain't holdin me back from this jungle juice tho ;)
we made it!!! i think i have motion sickness. :(
well i guess it looks like another lonely weekend ahead! :-( <<< awww poor baby
no, doc said no activity til test results of knee :( plus i'm in the la area til sunday. bikram is long b/c of all the postures
yeah .. i've tweeted you many times .. :(
oww u are! *kisses ur cheek* and im bored, nobody wants to talk with me :(
time to rest up for our last day of skiing tomorrow :(
can i just spend my sat night with my friends?? i miss them :(
saudadeeeeeeee tbm amr :(
wow cried for like last 45 mins of the movie :(
yah... dia offline :(
#headache :( i need a doctor over here pronto
pq o #dourado nao tem #twitter ? :(
clara .. why did you unfollow me? i'm one of your old friends :(
♫ would you know my name if i saw you in heaven? :(
q:are you mad at vito ? :( a:fuck off
that sounds delish! i'm calling you tomorrow cuz i forgot what ur voice sounds like and that is not ok :(
i know what you are trying to say. but you got and rejected the job i wanted most since i have been looking. :(
i'm being serious :(
i feel like im on lock down with out my car :(
i miss my snuggle bear :(
misslindzo  so im not going to see you on easter? :( yay were here :) & i have service! yesssss !
