but i don't want to stuff things up between us because i've been really close to him for ages and i don't want to lose him. :(
gonna go offff to bed now homiessssssss.. its like 00:58 herrrrre in uk gosh soooooo late ;) hehehehe. imma gonna be sleeepy tomorow! :( x
hell first your typing goes, then bam! it's the grammar. and i went to a grammar school what a waste of time :-(
now im confused :( i had a deep cough- thought it was allergies. turned out to be an upper respiratory infection
i can't remember what it's like to not be tired.. :(
too much choclate :(
still at this freakin hell hole :( isn't it supposed to be good friday??!
#tellmewhy i have yet to meet a girl thats any different :(
no well that's all you will here because rca just didn't flow enough power to david :(
nooooooooooo way, you cant do all that again hun, oh damn thats not right :(
no breakfast with awa today.... :(
i brosed my foot badly it hurst :(
my best friend had a health condition problem so i had to support him :(
so im bored in the dorm room once again and my tv cuts off...wish i had a boo but all guys wanna do is fuck! :-(
jesus died for all of us on the cross for all of our fuckin sins : (
i need help looking at houses since my roomie who lives in the town i'm moving to is busy gallavanting across mexico :(
as much as i wanna join in on your ev/watf/amy/ben discussion, i have work to do :( bummer.
heeey tito you never say hii to me :( but im keeping the faith xd looovveee yooouu
my back hurts and im out of muscle relaxers :(
they will!! i sorry, i didn't think kevin would see! :(
eat more chels :(
soulmate came and went :-( #zodiacfacts 2a #gemini, love is a romantic ideal which can only be achieved with the soulmate.
disappointed that tickets for the beer festival were sold out. i was looking forward to getting some new glasses :(
good friday woes along tarlac road. :(
then it starts growing back :( durag #ondeck
awww i already left :( next time
i'm not watching dinsey channel right now :(
i'd feel better if i had a kick in the face not doing so well my pretty friend :(
sounds like you're in bogan central that's their language :(
and i wasnt in none of yall #ff tweets...after all the love i showed yall on fridays...smh :(
#peopleshould try to make u feel happy when u feel really bad and not make things worse than what they are :(
um wtf? seriously why would anyone do that? it's college be respectful of others viewpoints! sorry you went through that : (
love my new x10! missing the qwerty from my g1 though :(
looooool! told you i cant make people laugh on demand!! im a natural joker :( thats the only joke i know hahahahaha
:( is all i have to say!
i have a feeling that the evening may be headed south :(
omg i feel really sad now cause of something my mum told me about the past :(
bummer :(
aww i'm sorry you didn't make cheer :(
i wish i could its my bday weekend and all! but i'm sick as hell :( how's the search going for the dancers ?
theres this guy i like and i think he likes me bac cuz of thingz but how do i find out
:(
omg same. it was so sad though :(
remember guys. do not add #happybirthdayleona more than once per tweet or it will be counted as spam :(
ok i'm gunna have one more look for my eli (hopin i'll find her) then go sleepys!! rt.. wish me luck!! :( xx
reason for pizza date cancelation :( lol
o'douls for me :(
enjoy this beautiful weather and the chardonnay! hope to see you soon.
my back hurtsss !! :(
and indeed it is :) morning all its supposed to be cute :(
back to ccs :(
perfect you got it! haha why don't you reply fans? :(
everyone is leaving :(
i dont no what to do about this. i need someone to talk to :(
is stuck in twitter jail :( this in for her #smallville
nobody wants to play board games with me :(
i'm all alone... ugg
bit chilly up this way, and my tonsilitis is coming back :( looks like i'm in for a fun filled weekend of absolute nothingness
yeah time changes soo fast! i hate that in some ways :( will u cry? ;p
booo! i don't want to go home tomorrow :(
i don`t have internet, usually tweet from my phone. library is closed, so i can`t join you. :(
i have a <<pounding>> headache :-(
i just heard the saddest story :(
did the same. hopefully it comes early! sometimes they hit my area in the evening :(
rt: then it starts growing back :( durag #ondeck (i've had mine on all day lol)
i wish the movie win a date with tad hamilton could be real, and it was win a date with ashley cole :(
yeah, but, i didnt know that :(
no i have! i just haven't seen him in a while! :(
f..k you monique.... :(
hates it when he has games so far away :( ugh, i miss my honey bunny so very much! goin to the city to get prom shoes tomorrow! riss
ok this movie is.... not that good.... :(
i need more followers :( i used to have 80 now i have 79 haha. bummer!!!!
sorry cleveland :-( sick singer ...
i guess noones gonna help me :(
i guess im not getting my phone back today. :(
apparently nobody is coming over for degrassi :(
yeah! :(
emang iya ya ?? hallah g nntn :( hey.. sudah tidurkah kalian ?? ftv yg lg tayang themesongnya
sorry :( just can't get there. but i'm sure there'll be plenty of peeps willing to sample your delish gingerbread docs! :)
lightning are in sorry shape <15 min into the game :( :(
thank you,thank you :) ya allah,mention sepi banget dah :(
i wont :( but whyyy? d:
pretty ticked off right now..need to get away from all this drama! :(
damn :(
no one wants to answer my questions?! :(
i miss my boyfriend! :(
i just got idd. i'm 27 :-(
and all the time spent on here you coulda been takin pics :(
poo. i just re-read my newsletter, and i got the url for the new acdc competition wrong. doh! :( glad i fixed it with a re-direct. phew...
i feel very energetic and happy, but it's good friday so my catholic guilt of years gone by is telling me to simmer down :(
ion think so!! :-(
goodnight :(
dr who, sat 3rd, 6.30pm...dont mess with the doc even though i'm not sure about the new one :-( but have set skyplus anyway
nothinq waitinq on you :(
gravel sack has been completed. starting tomorrow, its get big in the backyard time. (after i remove 50% of the gravel im weak :( )
my sister said u dnt even know i exist & u dnt care bout me :(
i don't know if i can :(
well 4 u that's good :( hadda lousy gym session this morning struggle but all good now.
great is making me regret not pre-ordering the ipad :(
its storming? :( damnnnnnnnn i missed it.
they left me by muself. :(
what happened :(
missing my girl wishing she would talk to me :( youarenotalone
lies lies lies :(
missing easter dinner with my family :(
rang the taxi company and they said it wasn't there :( so i've applied for a new dl and debit card :) its just annoying to replace!
getting up at 10 to feed someones pets is not ideal when you fell asleep at 6 :(
lost a follower. :( oh, well. they apparently got tired of putting up with my crap. ;p
i wanna watchh it :(
me too. we got off work a bit early & all i feel like doing is sleeping. but have to go do laundry. :(
my mama is leaving me :( ... to go & party which she shouldn`t be doing lol
did you know ritas names not actually rita?!?!?! :( : (
i use twitterific most of the time, i have twitbird pro and it keeps crashing on me :(
im hungry :( i cant wait to get to her house
grass is starting to turn green again! im going to have moe the lawn soon :(
oh :( i don;t thin k i'll ever be able to explain it to you, you carry on babe
i wish i was off work other than being sick :-( ... i got too much to do for this
oooi amor, que saudades :( (@helovg live on
well i will be on a plane all night tomorrow :( and then not on on sunday i don't think ! xxx
cool but we need some more players :(
eurghh spending my saturday doing homework tomorrow :( not fair
enjoy your friday night. some of us have to work :( or at least show up at work for 3 hours. not cool. #goteamgorah
pray for doug moore. my best friends daddy. he's being flown to roanoke right now after a really bad car accident. :(
i didn't know you were following me :( geesh take it easy :/
how is it? i'm on a mini-vaca &its not in this lake town :( uh oh i spoke too soon. lol #whydidigetmarried2
:( having a major chat wiv
if i hold real still....maybe?:) ---->or maybe not :( (pic)
