but she did kick me out of her bed :( she is a lovely lady.... won't let me near her mac for some strange reason...
so warm :(
oh damn sorry :(
why do u have to completely ignore me ? :(
ur no fun :(
:( stick in the mudd!!!!! lol <-------- lmaoo i wanted to go foool.. so that phrase better not stickk.
:-( sounds like my past week lyy beth!
missing all my friends :( hope to see them soon
multi colour ano? multi colour trend imitated horribly in ma village :( my house gt paintd .
give me lontong, pleasee !! hungry niann naaaa :(
this is a joke. the original one is gone. stupid managers :(
sorry guys, can't join d'fun. i forgot that i have an appointment wit ocho & ojik. :( have fun. ;)
y is letting go so hard when i never even started holding on in the first place :(
aaahhh!!! i'm bout to drive all the way too bakersfield!!! :( 2 go meet my stupid little sister in law!!! she's like 15! & my brother's old!
this is weird when you come from church ur suppose to feel good.. how come i dont :(
dang it.... spn 5.16 is not uploaded on mio yet :(
lol my fingers are tired lol must be tired of us...:( :(
might be taking hannah to the hospital later tonight. :( i really hope she gets better.
i want some grade f meat!!! :-(
oh, stop. i have a toenail that was ingrown and they had to cauterize it. it still hurts. may have to have it removed :(
yah! fam's in town. it's going down tonight... lol! whatever that means. hahah! all i need is someone to come get me since i'm car-less. :(
i know. now i fkn got another one. and like tear down my ego, much? :(
went to the movies & din w/the girls, came home to a sick baby. feel terrible that i went. :(
ah sedih mulu ntn brother bear :(
i wish that ct tweeted about their artists as much as they do as dw :(
gaza: the killing zone israel/palestine / god! please stop hate, no more dead innocents! #humanrights :(
going the long way, eta is around 2am. :(
nap time before work... feel like poo :(
free bird? my mp3 says track length 9:07 :/ i apologise for chaining you to a fake plastic guitar for that long :(
i wish i could do gorgeous icons in photoshop :(
it's so hard to answer qustions when someone asks me "how's your mom?" :( just had an old friend ask me that.
im drunk#pow and my phone is about to die :(
why was i too zoned out to realize how cute you were when we met? #missedopportunity... next time :(
fuuuuuuuck. giants/a's game tonight. downtown is gonna be crawling with shitheads. :-(
reportate please :(
i'm really :(
omg glittle :( i know how you feel though! it's so hard!
wanting my sore throat to go away so i can start drinking!!! :( throat gargle isn't working its usual magic...
jgn marah dong :( aku cuma bercandaaa
oopps i forgot to put #bryantjames at the end of that :(
love it love it love it love it *sigh* hehehe thanks for the tissue. hate waking up feeling like crap :(
jealous. :( it is cold and windy here, and like...80 degrees everywhere else in canada. not fair.
damn :( well why they suckin u?
hand painting cheetah print on 2yards of material is no fun! :(
i have a horrible headache! :(
i miss my long hair :(
bad hair day again. i need hair treatment and rebonding! tsk! :(
last day in bali, tanning tanning! memanfaatkan sisa waktu di pinggir kolam hotel.. the sun so warm, its hard to say goodbye to bali :(
why must you laugh at me? :( i'm only being ever so sweet towards you.
isn't it? i just started research online, so i don't own any books yet :( i'm gonna have my mom keep a look out at resale shops!
not feeling too good my tummy hurts :( with the babess watching teevee ((:
layed up poutin :-(
yuck. apple earphones. :(
i'm not as cool as i thought i was. i own hardly any black clothes :(
éeh ki tipow vocee sooh entra pra anuncia shows i talz :( mto baad isoo :(
assalamualaikum :) morning followers, especially triple eight & fribilation, i miss them so much :(
i wish i could do gorgeous icons in photoshop :(
going home tomorroww :( wah. but i'm excited that its one day closer to going back to stonyyyyyy
really dissapointed.. :(
it sucks hardcore... :(
hey burned the baby pictures.....y!? :(
getting ready for church i am so tired!!! but jesus was tired to they took him in the middle is the night :-(
umm y ur not giving me the inside scoop! :( smh!
heyyy i had mcdonalds yesturdayy ( i love the mcchicken meal ) but my fries were cold ( thats the down side :(
ikno if he qet mad its over for us both :(
i would but mums being mean and won't let me go on the comp! :(
i am fucking not, mumma, i can not do this :-( don't you know? pleasee, give me the chance!
i just witnessed a horroble accident happen right in front of my eyes, i@ so shaken up, that could of easily been me and my son :(
ohh noo! pobresita! :( do you work tomorrow??
kenapa harus lewat depan fx? i hate that place :( gue benci fx
im getting all self concious :((( im getting faaaaaaat :(
:( lol
just back from the garage and will get my car back on thursday :(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
you just want to bop one on the head wt a mallet. i want a bunny :-(
