that's so funny! i was so happy to find since the other time i saw it once and then didn't :( but oh well now i got it!hehe
lol i wanted to die.... when i found the songs don't play ! :(
work tomorrow. sux. 3rd saturday in a row :( well goodnight
nah, it works a bit. but 1080p still gets skipped frames even if i tweak it and tearing can't be fixed here in #linux :(
i know what you're talking about and i'm sad 4 u :(
i wish he was like this :( we gave him some meds, & he puked them out! :(
nope, :( not yet. in the week and a half i will though, all my friends and i have planned our holidays. so much happening, lol
its trueeeeeeeeee i am jealous :(
gakgak :( gue les, luu ? wkwk gk jalan" lg ? :) oo ;p gak ngapa ngapin (cont)
:( how gay i'm sorry
i wish i could have been there :( im dying for some leppard...any leppard! lol i am glad it went well!! wonder if theres pics?
i jus arrived bck to the m...and my parents aren even here yet :(
does only follow fan sites?! :(
i had an abscess & they had to surgically remove it... so i`m in the recovering stage which is sooo painful :( pray for me please
call again sorry i had to pee :-(
i want that buildings its so nice, there is a jewish deli but u cant see it in the pic :(
why the hell am i in tears :(
hahaha nice! too bad you weren't at main event :(
a texted you but you never replied :(
sore back :(
so how was stargate universe? is it good? i mist it. :(
what will i do when lost is over? :(
ps: happy #ipad day!! wish i was unboxing my own :(
i would rather be on the amazing race :) ...until i had 2 eat some slugs or jump off a roof :( other than that..i'm winning
i got a headache which means i'll be cranky :(
thnx to the 4 people to unfollow me :(
it's official...i suck at doodle jump!!but i want to be really awesome at it! :(
i'm here and i care, if that matters. :( but i think i'm going to go to sleep now. hope you feel better soon. :)
oh cool :) no, i used to have one but it was stolen :(
an pp over here makin fun of my little slanted eyes.. meany's. :(
hah ! oo . yah :( maap yah :( thank youuu liviiaa!hoho x) anw im no longer with him,hahaha
so many misfortunate things happening again and again :(
hopefully! america has enough sad stories these days. :(
feeling lonely laying in my bed holding the teddy bear my nephew gave me :(
lmao , shut uppp ! only you know the fustration i go through :( smh .
jgn marah mba nyo :( sok tau tai kucing dua2nya i think moy,hahart sakit apa?
plz call me back i'd tell u abt my poor somsri scores :( damn stupid! ผิดโง่ๆ เจ็บใจ :'((((
misguided ghost by paramore :(
love ya but just dont think im in the right mood for the br. will have to catch the re-bodcast. i hate men sometimes :(
: gw puny skype! hha. tp jrg pake :(
dude didn't drink that much but forgot i was on these brootal antibiotics :( my stomach is fucked now
srry thts a :-) not :-( lol haha
worried about my leia kitty :-(
:( [hugs] so sorry. *love to the babycat*
eating again... i need to stop, i'm addicted. chicken and cupcakes. :(
iiiiiii wish!!!! :( dang theres this couple buying six 24 packs of coronas, are the heading over there to your pla
:( , okayy .ima tryyyyy to stopp .. this cigg i jus smokedd was my last onee :) ..
:( guys posting those mean things to leah isn't really mature. you say you've moved on but obviously not. stop
britbrat you saw it???? im sooo jealous right now :-(
it does, for me, since i'm working later! :( today feels like a monday for some reason!
but you're my true love :(
i just want my mum :(
*sigh* i wish lucky/limpy/blindy was here. :( he's in wisconsin.
it does :(
aww extraño a :(
rm is addicting!!! i just want to skip the ending :( i have never sobbed so much during a movie and i knew the ending
ohayo ssu! fancy a pillow fight today? <-- err i don't think so :( got other work sorry
koko gwe sel :( ol pke bb sapa chel ? hahah .rt woi jga :) woiii . . . (c
i feel like watching some :(
screamm & then cry. i can't imagine him without those hairflips :(
looks like my lil boy will be here tommarrow. two and a half months early..please pray for him and us :( he's only 1lb 6oz. thanks guys.
why! im on your side :(
bloody tears :"( shinee's hello baby will end at 12th episode :( #kpopfacts
