fast food before #jprom? no-go unfortunately :(
mano, eu sinto inveja do teu c* é serio :(
i don't understand why says i can't insult her in spanish. :(
internet is shaped :( horrible speed.
torn...stephanie james is in nyc this week. do i go look at dresses when i'm not technically engaged? i'd have to go alone :(
aaa muka gua :(
damnit. remember that move i was tweeting about a few weeks ago? i listened to the song that inspired me to it, & i fucking lost it :(
wow. another grey's episode made me cry. poor christina and her ugly choker :(
don't like wearing black make me look scary :( i'm actually the bitch
i hope there is a way to heal him :(
i miss the #jonasbrothers a lot. and nick jonas and the administration :(
where is my bitch !? :(
y did i get married too...pure comedy thus far!<--ugh i wanna see it soo bad :( lol hope its good! :)
goodnight, i can't take being woke any longer :) or :( idk
awww!! poor baby! :( i had a red eared slider in college, but had to give her a new home when i studied abroad. i miss her a lot
how do you know :(
let's see how san fran does......phone is dying : (
but july is so far away :-( #eureka #wh13 #syfyfriday
i know. its so uncomfortable :( and i still having my flannel sheets on so like the heat is terrible. i am like tossing and ...
the memory keeper's daughter movie made me cry :( sensitive ata talaga ko when it comes to special children. haha :| :))
wow, i got one of the saddest phone calls right now :(
i would! but people are sleeping, :(
just hope u ans my dm's. :(
que empenho hein. :(
last song was such a sad movie :( but it was sooo good!
:'( rip aleshia i love you! watch this :(
sll loading proses msk tp ga prnh berhasil msk :( notifikasi nya apa ? coba check apps support curve apa
i can't use tinychat :( who want's to do a tinychat with me?????????????????????????
you ok?? :(
forgot the sad face... :-(
yes they are thats why im so pissed off -__- effin 5 year old jonas fans made it a tt :(
my replies are spammed with rts sorry if i was talking to you :( i have so many replies right now :0 <333333
#kudapitbull 20 mei om !! mau dong om please. buat ade saya om.. dia desperate bgt mau ntn pitbull.. :( buat saya om, please :(
lack of wifi or broadband at my parents house makes for a sad jean :(
thailand! will rock! (for sure) going to go and search the country! like a adventure person! it doesnt make sense!... :(
tomm morn but i'm workn 10am =/ so no. beach for me :(
q:comment :( a:i refuse.
sister u stay in the clouds! that's y we fam! lmao ..not lately :-(
oh no honey :( *hugg* he really had feelings for you huh?
i can't wait 'till i go homee . showerr, bible, moms book, monday book, & fahrenhiet 451. ughhh too muchh reading. but i have too :(
my cough makes me sound like a smoker :(
april fools!!! i jus got beat up at steak and shake by a bunch of duke fans :(
i'm searching to see if that was but i can't finddddddd itttttttt. ughhhhh now i'll never know if that was him in spiderman :(
so as i was uploading my pix i realized i didn't take one with my bestest friend while i was in cali :(
ouch! that score's a tad painful. i take it back: a fun time, pas de tout. :(
somebody or please i need to laugh i need to be cheered up ,i'm really down and sad :(
yeahh m my way to work :(
i need a new default :(
had to throw out th gum a while ago after it lost its fabulous flavor :-( rip unknown flavored gum
nick please do a tweet spree!? omg i have been waiting for a reply for like ever :( i love you.
today was a bad day. i was completly humililated today. becuz of me liking justin. it was so bad i broke into tears :(
the only thing i read anymore seems to be tax codes :(
i'm good today was a long day... i think i went in evry other store woodbury my feet r killin me & tom i gotta b wk 730 :(
ayl hawks outscored 14-0 in part of 4th qtr :-(
i dont know how! sorry!! :(
when i say bad i mean bad allergies tweetiye :( and my muscles and joints are acting up and i can hardly move my (cont)
yeah :(
:( you dont know my life fooo hahaha dont judgee
i'm single but not happy :(
its now 3:30 am in the uk so i better get to bed :( lol
aww. :(
omg i'm dying 2 go home. my mouth is killing me.. during da culto i laughed and i laughed so much i was practically crying... :-(
so what!! your short hush up they made me sit n da middle...ugh :-(
lol, shutup. .it was a spider i think, 3 bigass bumps :(
facebook is taking ages to load pics :-(
never ever hang out till so late when you are working the next day. i feel like a zombie now. :(
i am so not following this movie :(
this is just sad! even though it's just a doujinshi! :(
no. please. no. :( if we lose some of them. i'd die. plus. i've already bough all these bottles and diapers just for them all.
offline :( #jonasbrothers
*starts crying* i forgot about that! ur my selena!!! :(
my. head. hurts. :(
