good morning saturday, quite busy with fixing true vision signal lost since early morning and still not yet ready to watch. :-(
your short hush up they made me sit n da middle...ugh :-(
i does hate being sick :(
listened to music instead of concentrating while running in fivefingers. i now have a legitimate boo-boo on my knee :(
i know :( she was hungry & i thought i was gettin off at 7. oh well mcdonalds it is! haha.
how the dinosaurs became extinct aw :( [greader share]
i didnt like the ending : ( and no i dont like roosevelt field..we went to nassau 10
alot more :(
well u already got this answer thru bbm so that ends this tweet lol yessss :( cuz u not answerin my bbm's :(
both? i have an uber-religious, typical, conservative right winged southern family :(
aww.. :( that's a pity. well maybe you can tweet while you work?
i wish i was going to 's birthday party :-(
yes. but shes not following me :(
i was looking at articles of justin and some of them say really mean things about him. :(
damn, i feel so bad. please promise me you won't forget me! okay? :(
argh. woken up because i've just realised i've not done an 'about me' poster for work. i may be killed if it's not in for later on :(
:-( good thing we have league. aardsma may be in serious trouble.
*hugs* i hear that. :(
after we left. kaulay didnt say bye :(
u might have 2 find out... they're talking about getting rid of it :(
i wanna go to the movies :(
i knowww :( if you ever come here to cali we will have a audrey night :)
:( everytime i trry to leave something keeps pulling me backk
in the car with kayla & her daddy going back home :(
movie was adorable. :) but i see a huge bruise in my future :(
sfladipo my christian upbringing just won't allow me :( «berra thief tht kele if not it will be thiefed by some1 else
i should've gone to the bathroom earlier. :(
:( but he was so funny... why?
golda and i enjoyed ourselves immensely. we don't get such fun very often anymore. :-(
show up :(
gavinnnnnnnnn ,,,ytd i can't go to teen plus show tt^tt ,,sry na :(
the violence in northern mexico really makes me sad. :( shootout in reynosa for the past hour. what a violent week!
my thongs are cute but i don't like them :(
for realsies. :(
why is 'shine' not on ur myspace anymore...i liked that song! :(
yeah hurricanes are scary :(
had too much fun the last few days and now i'm paying for it!!! resting.... trying not to get sick :(
all the pics are makin me sad :( i wanna be there too.. i need a hug waaaah
sadly it was just a dream :(
tiiiiiiiiiiiiiired!!! work early in the morning. :( p.s. guys can be douche bags & that's not okay! :)
oke mau pulang ya gue, bete banget :(
sorry i don't like short girls lml <={*gasps* that hurt my feelings! :-( im unfollowing! lol}
great loss haws. sloppy at the end. =/ but they did good. not in a good mood now. :(
messed up :( i love you. im sorrrry.
:( want to come over?@resetdismonster
missed what?? too many tweets lol i missed them! :(
gbewkivbghfcw mood :( watching home videos of my little rollie pollie ollie<3 :)
aww, im upset that i missed on the radio... :(
i hav a virus on twitter :( i hav 2 go:( i'll miss u soooo much. i'm soo sad :'( *tear drops*
i want my daddy! why he always gotta be out of town :-(
haha! chanel! i bought chance one. it will get rid!! smells awesome! i wanted t the perfume but girlf said do not waste $ :(
had to do a master reset of my phone. :( mel took kids swimming & i went along. then we went to a movie. :)
where is ??? he supposed to be here turnin up. i'm sad :-(
slept early, yet woke up late. my head is aching, overslept or due to my clogged nose? sigh! :(
so there went all my fun for the night. no seussical, now i'm stuck with britt... :( ugh.
nop :( send me the page to get an account
i'm alone here and don't want to be. :(
anyone there can giv me a shout? im gettin stuck :(
bye sea world :(
hold my hand while you cut me down. it had only just begun but now it's over now :(
not good :(
strep throat=miserable! :(
i wish #beyonce would join twitter or write a blog or somethin!! i miss her :(
i want a penthouse apt and a huge-o closet. :(
celtics lost again... and boom goes the dynamite :( taking another shot then who knows have a good night twatters!!
amy dosen't have a twitter! :(
raleigh loses downtown icon sho nuff nooooooo :(
we're already there! sorry :(
working on my taxes... my head hurts :(
doesn't anyone notice that doesn't tweet much anymore? :(
h3lll0 tvv \ tt3r <3 :() :( :) bor3d cuusin over yay updated less than 5 seconds ago
i`m starting to miss cali :(
#jonasbrothers world tour ven ya :(
the link to comment for the free tee won't load :(
i'm so hungry only if i had a special sum one that would bring me food :-(
ahh ps3 disk drive won't read my disk :( i'm mad
wait it's 9:30! how did my time get away so quickly! :(
i will buy 10 boxes of cookies from you! :(
peter cardoza iii celts lost in overtime to the rockets :( 119-114.: celts lost in overtime to the rockets :( ...
go away hiccups :(
dear celtics, you make me sad. xoxo britty :(
*sighs* i will see in concert one day. :(
they tryna press charges on erykah badu for the window seat video. :(
i should be sleeping but i got home not too long ago, gotta be up early in't morning, gunna force myself to sleep :-(
hey hun...i'm at work :(
my momma says icant go anymore : (
walkin down street of bars in texas listening to music, tripped on a curb, group of girls point and laugh. :( #socialsuicide
niki told me what you done at the party, :( you know i like him!
#jonasbrothers world tour ven ya :(
lol. aww imm listening to all the songs frm the trip and i wanna go backkkkkk :(
i know...but still :(
the movie is all sold out everywhere!!!!!!!! this is not my night. god, why are things not working out for me?! :(
thanks for coming over :(
k. posting frm my cp. my laptop suddenly won't boot up. d: i hope i can save my files. this sucks. :(
kk time 2 hit dem b.... :(
