omg omg i wish i was i stay so near to glasgow but i couldnt come :( when will you be back up in glasgow again ?
have my " " and they always hurt :(
i love summer. this weather is such a teaser. gorgeous weather....yet, back in reality, i have three 12 page term papers and finals soon. :(
thanks ^^) but i don't appreciate your sarcasm :( :l
that sucks : ( *hugs* so your brother is not on twitter?
my phone sucks and it's starting to make my night very depressing! i'm trying to get back on! this is so frustrating! :(
q:faça um follow friday do form's? a:nao :(
my iphone not working :(
joey the budgie just unfollowed me :(
spring break is gunna b over before u know it :(
guys all my friends are away on vacation ill be on twitter all night :( talk to me! : )
rubbish aint it :(
my kitty is attcking me :( he never does this !! maybe he is upset that i got him de sexxed :(
i just tried some on and they were too short :( they were about to be bought!
#rip grandads :(
ew. because you suck :(
why won't justin.tv play nice with my phone? :(
lucy porter made the worst mock the week joke bout ga, summin bout five headed dog :(
i would totally be up for a return of tgms i miss you guys :(
wanna be 18 reall bad :(
i do! :( it's horrible not sleeping! and i wanted to go to harvard too! xd ♥
i just want to go home so i can talk to yu without wait :(
also, does anybody out there have that old acapella version of autechre's rae? just been trying to find it and no joy :(
yea lmao, it was empty noone was there :( but it wasa fun dayy
that's not me :(
still suffering from a hangoverrrr :(
i'd #ff you but it is no longer friday :( instead *hug*
can't see nufn babes the pic all black and foggy :-(
i knww i knww :( pooor mee. boo hooo
justin and girl kissing :( ugh !!!
severely disappointed that i wasn't included in that. :( no bex love?
two weeks left till deadline and i finally did my taxes...procrastinator! why rush when you pay the irs? ugh :(
why did i get married too was sooooooooooooo good(-------awww man i wanted 2 go see it wit ya :(
i never win anything :( btw, congrats
songbird dropping linux support? awww _frig_ :( don't even talk to me about amarok or banshee!
flights cancelled or full due to winds. 70% chance ferries will be cancelled too :( we're leaving tomorrow morn instead.
ahh again yur so lucky! no :( tried to but couldnt =[ xx
no :( i'm there the 13th 17th still i'm sending out a reminder email tomorrow, what evenings are best for you to hang?
hey! remember the story regarding my ta? well... let's say it's def over :( just wanted to tell you...
my fucking ex who ruined my life! i hate her so much :(
someone make my arm and hand pains go away :(
whennn is melanieee comingg backkk ?? :-( i misss the game
3 pairs are broken. : (
time moves so slowly when you miss someone :(
really hungary :( by i'm the only one up & i hate going downbthe stairs on my own :( haha mar a looserr here do us follow....
needs a good cd. no longer have an ipod in my possesion :( <-- i still owe you that wiz khalifa.
48% 52% .....we are losing.... :(
i aint lucky enough to come and see uu :( mabey 1 dayy (yn) x x
awwww :) i have to wait till july :( x
i haven't gotten mine yet....not amused. rip :(
sad. we had to put one of our dogs down today :-(
ah i wish i could go shopping! i have no money :( boo sad times of being a poor student lol! you doing anything for easter?x
