my christian upbringing just won't allow me :(
oh wow... so have you checked my messages yet? yeah. it made me sad that he didn't call. he said he would too... :(
still tryna getting flights to come see u :( all too expensive, still trying though! cant wait for u to come cyprus nana faze! xxx
oh no not another scam! :(
:'( :( gue gemeteran buka facebook hafiz & nangis pas ngetik wall buat dia..hafiz cepet sadar dong :'(((
want to make pretty sweater :-( but not for $832 :-( ~ that is gorgeous!! i would love that. ; )
#ff nashville gang (i feel left out :( )
i only got that much because i missed sleeping two days in a row :(
thanks hun!! sowiie luv,nice avatar btw. :) »rt i can't believe i'm having allergies to what i dunno :(
bukan eluu kugh aaaa :( mau ngunfollow beberapa orang muuph
i jus got beat up at steak and shake by a bunch of duke fans :(
but i never got a message :(
i cant txt. :(
i had a ruff day :( so so late!!
aww man, ima have to sit this #monsterorgy out this time. i'm busy..sorry guys :(
leaving for what? :(
grizzlies beat hornets. no playoffs clinched yet. :-(
u have a poser-- hahah. for a second i was like oh shit ryan is following me then i was like oh darn its a poser. :(
catching up on fkmt orders, so behiiind. i'm going to use this weekend to catch up with everything. except con book pages. :(
i can't find my phone! :(
awww ilysm <3 seeing this makes me miss u more :(
the show was cancelled :(
ugh. just realized i've only eaten a slice of banana bread and a dq sundae today. #bevfail :(
ignored my phone call... it hurts my feelings. :-(
come round? okay il leave now , il get there by monday , and il miss aall my easter eggs! :( so make sure you got some hah!
what about me?? :(
i know :( i miss actually talking to people on this thing . lmao.
hey everyone! i go to work for the 1st time tomorrow at my target, wish me luck! i have 2 b there at 9 am though.. :(
wishing was with me :(
i'm good, tired and not ready for my weekend to be over :( how are you?
i can't go :( :( :(
ew. :(
i hate only 1 week of spring break :( i'll just have to make the most of it!
áaah , meu beijo mimimiimimimi :( (@erick_kuhn live on
have a pounding headache but hope i can just sleep it off :(
lmfaoo !! sedd aww :(
lmaoo chill you kno i have no ass :(
and my internet has been down :(
lol nothing, just forget bout me all da time :( j/k
poxaaa :(
my tummy's starting to hurt :( i hate too much candy....haha pc4pc?
i know :( and :) to that girl
mmmmmmmmm i gotta headache, ive tried sleeping its just not happening. :(
one of my grandmom's cats died :(
dada gue sakit banget yatuhan :(
:( agnez monica show in kl 28 & 29 apr 10 at matrade exhibition convention ctr; 12-230pm. tix: rm590/490+/390+/290+
:( well hopefully the zpack will kick in and start working, drink lots of water....that helps tons! nitenite, hope u sleep well!
my arm was burning all of a sudden and i look down and theres scratches and its bleeding wtf :(
no, i lost one follower :( why ?
yes we do! what the eff man :(
what!!! the acm's are letting me vote!!!! i didn't vote today :( :( :( no!!!!!
im fucking boredd i feel like walking my cousins dog.. alone? im sick of being alone... :(
1 point for waxing. lol. i just got this text msg: i cut my damn anus shaving, no butt sex for me tonight :(
i miss when my hair looked like this :(
sooo i unblocked my page and this girl started following me but her page is blocked.. #nofair :(
going workkkk :(
geeze. im sorry its so bad :(
jesea is making fun of the way i say boots cause my texas accent or whatever comes out ahahah! :(
i love tvd show. i'm trying 2 read the books but not loving them. but the show is good. just disapointed in the fans. :(
tgi(good)f! exausted! chillin wit my feet up nxt 2 the warm fire. luv it! wish my honey was here already! wknds make me miss ya more :(
i want to be in one of those follow friday thing a ma bobs :( lol
i'm sorry for missing the winter guard home show my fellow lovelies! :(
my 14 yr old neice has one of those lolrt awww he got a sidekick :-(
clash of the titans not miley cyrus :( (@ regal cinemas union square w/
haha im a lot better than i was :( i mean plenty other asians toke haha
so i cant find ma id so i wont be goin out for ma birthday :(
my fav sweater. and i lost the damn thing. :(
q:who do you hate to love ? a:alissa ! : (
my friend couldn't get the tiks :(
oh henry, i'll quit smoking if you will :( -- where are you??
hes amazing though :( i'll say goodnight before it gets nasty ahaha ;d nightt xxx
good morning! hari ini kurang bersemangat.. :(
