thanks. being lazy. sorry :(
my dumb computer won't load it. :-( sorry.
ahhh ihy :( not making my hunger better </3
knp aku gus ? ya aku dh salah :( ooo keto jani!!rt ennaaaaahhh .. tw dah (cont)
it took me an hour yesterday to change my nose ring to a stud. and now i look like rudolph :(
no solid foods!! :(
not really i'm just hyper lol :(
whereee were you all wmc ?! i didn't run into you once :(
jahaaat abiss :( zooey always look stunning, yea, i keep thinking that if she want to be my (cont)
t.t i thought you posted it on ur usual blog :(
it's unfortunate i have to fight a noble man like raynes despite sharing the same ideal with him saving cocoon :(
&my head still hurts :(
dough!!!! :(
nobody told meeee :(
oh 4 real :(
aww my neighbors crying. :(
gak bisa onlen tweetdeck :(
i want the last photo shoot of :( i can't find it! who can help me?
so sad isnt going to be home tomorrow. nobody will come to the show with me.. boohoo :( i'll just go alone.. not.
i wanna go out tomorrow, but i dont get off until 7am. i have a press and curl at 8:30 am and a full weave 5pm. maybe next weekend :(
haha yeah, but then she turns around, and her dad is humping the sand :(
who skypin?<--- fukk skye cuh. -->i love skype! but nobody hardly uses it :-(
awww boo boo i had surgery and now im spending all my party time trying to recover :( miss u
i lost 1 follower :(
im sure u can no doubt! ;p 4my bday iv been partying since sat(&1mor on mon)&did a lil shopping the actually bday was ok :(
wow, that's the shortest time to have money...pay day mar 31, no money apr 2 grrr....2 weeks till next pay :(
#instantrestrainingorder  @cheddarchad well shit i #ff'd you :( lol
i have a feeling that my 31st birthday is going to pass without a tweet *sadly* : (
i'm so bored right now :( i need something to do this weekend
omg every1s having wings & burgers :( & i'm sitting in hollick kenyon #sigh any chance ur having a family party? (:
waaah im always on my phone but no texts :(
lmfao :( i'm so tall :/ and you're wearing heels? the mexican lisa leslie stepping out
my itouch dies so quickly :(
yeah i'll try to be on bcus i have a celebration to celebrate tomorrow xd daaaah :) miss u already! :(
pgn ntn crush of the titans :(
man i tried 2 facebook a comment 4 u that shit fucked up :(
this too i'm sorry, but really guys? what are those looks? i miss kradam :(
damn, lost the wifi on my phone :(
i think i have strep throat :( this is going to be a fun spring break... :/
#free my babyy :-(
i never came up with 1 :(
good friday? try ffail firday! :(
ive got my nephews..id have to wait for my sis :(
me want to see the appearance kelly_clarkson directly in indonesia. but unfortunately i can not :(
urgh i miss my lil sis :(
#teamfreewill is in need of some cupid 'handshakes'. :(
sadis! frontal! buset aduh ko orang2 sekitar gw pda kabur ya abis gw kentut :(
i want to go shopping :(
i'm sorryy :( i hate when family drama goes down, never a good thing.
i'm past the zyrtec stage. now need augmentin. weeks of congestion + getting run down = sinus infection. :-(
this worries me so much! ahhh why can't you give me a straight up answer?! :(
♥ya! assalamualaikum :) morning followers, especially triple eight & fribilation, i miss them so much :(
i can't either :( i've been trying to avoid the mall but i may have to go so i can actually maybe find something!
still not in a good mood. still not feeling well. :-&. i just want all the fighting & drama to stop. probably going to read for awhile. :(
i miss shinee, 2ne1, t-max on stage :(
yak elahh, haha kenapa harus lewat depan fx? i hate that place :( gue benci fx
oh yeah i forgot sunday's easter. i doubt i get paid extra for that. boooo :(
ugh if he only knew... : (
i use my smx backpack every day the advanced & toronto ones were/are sturdy the new west one i already tore :(
summer cleaning. ang dumi pala ng uv filter ng lens ko. :(
fuck it right now my pussy is hurting me :(
fun day at the mall with . hella mad at the fact my gap jacket wasnt there :(
i just love you and think you're really purty, that's all. :(
you show up on twitter, leaves us excited and hopeful ... and then disappears :( but still we love you! we miss you talk to us!
i'm sad i missed you at paddy's :-(
im sorry :( lol. it'll be on again! -tay
missing the boyfriend. :(
i hate not having my phone :-(
that hurts my feelings :(
