no :( i was so upset when i found out.
ok, so now i'm home alone and i want some wingstop :-( my peoples only left me $10. wtf...
she was a nice kitty :( such a loveable little bugger, someone hit her again in the 5 seconds we werre getting a towel too
delicious breakfast! tapi kurang banyak :(
nothing fits i'm bout to cry :(
wear a rosary, people. it might take to the nxt lvl of being powerful. poor me, cnt wear one :( i'll burn lol
:( i'll reeeaaalllly miss all of u!!!<3
aww, afv ended :( i can't lol or imao anymore, send me some funny videos on youtube.com/user/duckkyybabyy ?
yes justin has a girlfriend!!! :(
don't think i'm gonna make it to the back rub. my tummy is not agreeing with me tonight. think i might call it an early night. :(
they say that death is a beautiful thing & i sit here & wonder is life..cause it hurts so much with the thought of accepting this beauty :(
my head is stuffy..i wish i was back in tally :(
yea it was good. the plot thickens! spartacus...i missed it..the last episode made me cry :-(
okkk :( bout to hop in da shower. hit me up when u get home
i've sent 3 so far.. :( and finally, one!
i haven't listened, but looking at the file...it does look long for my abbreviated show... :(
my friend n ny is italian holidays were the best i never ate so much food and so so so good italian food i miss it :( lol
i had to change my password, a pishing site got it!! damn! :(
but nothing happened. no show :(
im def finna go to sleep , and not be a happy camper at all!!! :(
wow.... 6 goals on 25 shots. stanford you're really not playing good 6-5 brandon :(
to com mania de "eu ri" noa gost dis :(
that had better be a typo or it will literally take me 8.5 hours to download where i'm currently located for the weekend :(
i hate it when that happens >.< and you ask your mom if they can stay any where else and she says no :(
apple to charge for future ipad os updates me not like! here we go again :-(
i can't believe i'm sick tired today :(
:) i love you too! and i can't at this moment i'm on my ipod. :(
ow.. sorry :( ... i want talk to you more ,too
got a sunburn today,,,,ouch.....i forgot how much that hurts! :(
awnh i losttt a followerrr :( cuzz off youuu boyy
just home from good friday service, aka jesus funeral. poor husband = so sleep deprived :(
i had the same thought! :( miss you, hope the egg dyeing is going as planned. you should have an easter egg hunt too!
i'm leaving twitter :( i hav a virus :'{
is the announcement on the main site? because it won't load for me :(
pelepasan gw nangis lagiii :( god sent a message thru mentors :o awesomeee so as gabby
whyyy? what happened :(
aww ! :/ pollen messd with my eyes today :(
finds it difficult to cook when everytime i open my oven the heat makes my fire alarm go off. even with a clean stove. crappy ventilation :(
i have to babysit tomorrow night :(
i'm a mom to the coughalots. :(
it was an accident i wanna talk to u plz answer :(
that sucks u cnt eat much ... :(
because marly and me is sooo sad :-(
ra ma 9 hospital waiting 4 doctor feel as shit! :(
new picture of patrick kissing my dog ^-^ hahaha he's gonna kill me :(
aw :( these sunglasses remind me of
i hate when i get hungry this late at night :(
i'm really sad that i haven't heard from blake at all today :(
everybody has one or will have one this year :(
dhasiuashiuo violencia :(
gila cakap ah wa sorang baru sampai! :( i need youuuuuu
yeah :( how have you been
headache lasting 2 days already :( not nice.
awww don't say it like that :( "stuck" with him :(
oh i'm sorry but did you at one point? loll i remember you hitting me up asking for a friend :(
my bad. bed was feeling too good. about to hit the movies so imma miss half the game. :( lol
uh oh new season of wife swap! hahahaha what has my life become :(
