out 3rd in 3k, get 96o to spew off 35bb pf but he obv. spikes a 6 vs my aq :(
wrong is the fact that you're so fasr away :(
roller rink was so fun lexy andrew and nick are the funniest people :) dont move u guys :(
for the first time ever, i need allergy meds. whats wrong with meeee :(
me too :( lol. but if you girls do win i hope you have mucho fun! i'll be having fun with everyone else on sat anyways!
so i think i pulled a muscle in my chest :( hurts..
previews is the shyt!! y call that shitty :(
ur pain..other's gain :) its a torture yaar :( earth hours.ur forced contri to environment
i want an avp hoodie, but i don't like the one on fearless :(
:(( plz tell them dont fight :( #vietnamlovesbieber
:-( how many dj's wear ear protection whilst playing?
hahaha love it and also so jealous as i am in doing homework on a friday night :( social life fail
dagggg. what's wrong w | a virgin island one :(
my cab driver's name tonight was peter man ... but we didn't fly :(
some fancams have such lovely music. i never know what song it is though :(
my feet hurt :(
noo! :( i'd love to live there again.. i mean, i lived there for a lil while then came back here latin america >.<
waaaa its sooo saddd d: arrgg i can't beleive how good that movie is :(
horrible! mine r acting crazy too! & i seriously lost my voice :(
i seriously thought it was today. how dreadful. now i'm trying to think if anyone told me anything serious and i laughed :(
i feel bad for the big women that see a shirt they like through my store window... i have to tell them we don't sell 6x's :(
bored.. :(
work orientation in the morning...and i'm like the only bbq person going. thanks for ditching me guys :(
can someone help me and give me a shout out im loosing followers and i have no idea why :(
craving for chocolate and sweeties :(
#iicdhouse both of you were mistake eliminations :( you guys deserved to be at least in the top 5...
awhh sam , what's wrong :( </3
duit buat #ss3indonesia ada, tapi buat fm shinee belum adaaaaaa :(
now i need to do something with my hair bc it got sweated out between my bath && shower :(
ohh.. im only on my ipod touch.. :( i wish there's pet society app on ipod, hahah
hour later...not sure if i can stay awake. :(
i know :( not fun at all, but necessary unfortunately!
too tired to tumblr my day today. must do it tmr.. :(
i know :( but at least i have a backup card that'll let me run on the settings i'm used to.
went & bought a slurpee from 7eleven. hadn't had one in a minuteee. #vamemories :(
i adored those deep fried cherry pies when i was growing up! then "people" had to go all healthy and non trans fat on me! :(
nooooo my nail polish chipped! :( well its been like 4 days so i guess thats good lol
i don't know! i hope so! :(
where is shannon when i need her :( ?!
i love you too :(
where's :( *picks up phone and writes text* < u kno da numba
ugly betty season 4! dan chuck complete season. dan 30 rock. dan smallville season 9, dan... aduh, ga muat atuh ini flesdisnya :(
i can't find you either!! :(
perdi 4 followers :(
thanx!! why u aint comin? :( have fun for me :( bout 2 head out & hit up m2!! who's meeting me there?
whatever! you is sexy!! i look chunky on that last pic! :(
oooo they were just showing the damage from the wind storm that hit bc! :-( wow! it was nasty!
lol they following me 2 :(
why isn't on aim :-(
:( no me creas pss... :'(
wah so fierce. :( can can can
..supppose to go also! my dad had 4 tickets! :( haha. obvs ur parents r invited. fos king and queen what hahaha!
is such a tool-bag! i'm very offended by his opinion. : (
lmfao! not tonight! lol! going to party for a bit tonight! my mama wants me home early tonight! :(
for me it doesn't work i dont no why! i did befor but now it dont work :(
watching hgtv with my pops! got to talk to my boy, but he is nashville :(
enjoying some of the treats put in my basket before i head back to church i could use a massage when i get back :-(
yeah mines from my birthday and only 7 ask me to see yellow papers :( but imma need a new yellow for atl!
u not talkin to me tonight? :(
this movie i already know i'm gonna cry :( » why :/ ?
so, i'm stuck outside wal mart cause i guess they are on lockdown cause a girl is missing :( sad.
cú maau entreei ja to com sono :(
i can't :-/ :(
computer is broken till i figure out how to fix the power jack. :(
(to be fair, though, you and could form a supergroup that would make me melt) :( ...so much for that
oh i would love to come :-( if i was closer. one of these days i'll come see you
is down with flu :(
i was telling myself the same thing. no one wanna go to the movies :-(
i hate the late night metronorth...next train is at 1205 :(
idk :( maybe hes stress lol
you might not see me unless you come to tc tomorrow... :(
wrong is the fact that you're so fasr away :(
mary's in hawaii :( and she even saw arnold schwarzenegger and his family there yesterday.. his son is hot.
i wanna ask my mum how j was on thurs since she saw him working... but she doesnt know whats going on, & she might ask why. :(
sorry yall i didnt go live btw or do my #ff 's been busy all day :(
mau pindahan beb :( hufttt...km lg dmn??rt mau kmn beb??rt packing....packing .........
we found , nut i haven't see :(
is not feeling like its friday?? why?? too much on my mind i guess nd damnnn tooth ache sux :(
smlm pacar didatengin alm. nyokapnya, pagi ini dy liat byk kecelakaan, god please take care of him :(
idk who that is, and no. i'm working. :(
to make my life alittle easier besides my dad dying i have my 97 year old great grandma in the hospital . my lifes amazing :(
i think i want a #bf now...but summer is the only thing standing in my way. :(
stop calling me fat!....i get emotional :(
worked alllllllll day...you? :(
masukkan ke grup dong pengen liat e(♥-̮♥)e gaul gw gak bs liat poto :( sha" cakep ♥,♥ ŀaŀa cantik n sashaa
are you there? i'm lonely :(
i faild my spanish classes s0 wat d0es "pero" mean :( -_-
yes i am from chile , it's a nice place , but in this moment is drestroyed cuz of the earthquake :(
i waant to qo homeee...qee pasee rapiido el timeee! goooooshhh!!! i want to qet outta heree! :(
it was-except i think the restaurant made me sick :( what r u doin?
reallyy? :( im sure there will a cam version of it online soon
had my cat neutered today. now he hates me. when i go to pet him he leaves the room. :( #saddestfridatnightever
wah fitnah tuh cha , hhee gue dianggap msh anak2!! keselll!! :(
i'm just going to pack my bag and disappear for a few days :(
me & are scared! there's a chainsaw massacre house where were camping!! :(
sad face :(
where you been :(
i know, i miss #pownce #pw :(
.....btw sorry for not texting u back this morning :( my bitch of a teacher took my phone away *cries hysterically*
me too! he flew all way here and i don't have time to even have one meal! :(
oh no, i never got to watch it :( who reported it? so you can't post an unreleased song what about all the vids of make believe
i got this quarter lol bored..... no trees :(
it's a little hard for me to watch eat a bunny :(
iyaa sm buat aku ada acara bsk huahua me too :( .. pasti bt foto yaaaa ? hehe i need a cute little black dress!
hate that so many are out of town. have extra ticket for one of a kind show and no one to go with :( more jellies for me though so :)
aw i don't have 69 followers anymore :(
hubs wld have to go to school tomorrow :( i wanted to break open the asti :)
i. hate. stuffy. noses. :(
and we come to the end of this good friday!! :(
i know and must try to remember that i don't want or need friends like that but still very hard after 10 yrs of friendship. :(
divide cmgggggg :(
but you wont get 3d :(
seems like ipl 3 has ended for punjab :( :( :(
ohh .. cause i cracked a joke about tha drunk thingy & you didn`t reply :-(
rawrr why did that have to happen :(
yahh,kpn pulang emg? yah gabisa :( haha sama,bsk ntn gue dong makanya dit hehe eh
going to try and go to sleep if i can in this place :(
i dread seeing the white line saying your status has been updated now incase it reads you've reached your tweet limit :( haha x
nuttin juz layin down my tummie hurts :( && yuh?
yeeeeah, i watch hm everyday since the beginning, so so so sad :(
i did, i bbmed u an u aint reply :(
i miss beth, so much. :(
shit i've been at work all day! i'm tired!! :(
i have no game :-( < lmfaoooo we dont admit shit like this taia!!!! haaahahaha
g is comin out on monday.. can you come out?? his bday is on da 5th n mine is on da 9th.. i wanna see you :(
i wish my city had a lot to do with performance arts! there isn't much wrk for it here :(
i had just heard that victorious pilot had a longer version in itunes where cat has loads of really funny lines. :(
wow..thats crazy :(
wish i had money for cigs :(
i sho hate that wanda had to die at the end :(
home :) going to bed! work subway 11a-4p tomorrow :( hope it rains while i'm workin! ily dps <3
i need you here with me now :(
you have to dm me for me to see your responses tho :(
i'm sorry, people are stealing things i did & i'm upset :(
ughhhh i'm a fucking looser :( sorry
sorry about the cookies! : (
hobart's not close 2 here, but 2 so bend. i have not been there. they used to live in wi by me but moved :(
in 30 min i'm gna be on another flight :(
awww u broke my heart</3 :(
interesting. i wish i had eric to cuddle with :(
