ugh i just don't want to be in columbus anymore :-(
backache happened again :(
i have a horrible headache! :(
thank you everyone for my bday messages and it's only 5 o clock! can't get to sleep! i can never get to sleep on my birthday :-(
my bbm sound doesn't work : (
idk i only got teary eyed when the doctor died :(
i know dude :( fml, u need ur phone already and we both need a car!!
sorry to hear about your aunt, kenken :(
:( <<<what's wrong?
immm not gay :( *cries again* & so your saying your a happy meal/noodle/froot loop?
upset i can't go see performance in madison tommorow :( :'(
a bunch of daytrips. six flags a few times, the zoo, aquarium, etc. lots of fun! sorry i worried you! :(
had a little bit of bonfire, malbec, peepers and good company. up at 330 for work at 5 :( good things in the works though. hoping&hoping.
ikright, sorry that made no sense :(
wtf?? #dynasty and #charliesangels actor #johnforsythe dead at 92 ;( #blakecarrington --an amazing man! rip :(
had not one ounce of sleep :( still have to get sorted for work though!
that's not even funny. :( how are you doing my friend?
no club tonight; i'm exhausted and i miss david [rivera] :(
you're welcome sister. & why didn't you go to orlando with jenbunny? :(
:( i have to sleep in the recliner tonight cause there's stuff in my throat and i can't breathe laying down.
i just punched agie on the stomach with full force.. didnt even blinked! i will never get this guy mad at me :-( hahah
enjoying my last meal of mac and cheese before i go vegan...which will hopefully only last a month because i love eggs too much. :(
do you? it'll be awesome! my only prob is that my camera died :(
awww that is sad! :(
na, i don't like watching movies knowing one of the characters i like really died :( i know how u feel.
is missing so many weddings. . of so many dear friends. :(
so this sucks :-(
on my way to the hanami. can't stay long though :(
gotta work 10 ta 7...its gonna be a long night :( text me :)
whatsa matter? :(
ugh im never gunna go to a concert he is never gunna come to vancouver :(
haha. i used to sing while he played tabla/peti. he learned from my aaji but sadly never taught me :(
i swear, if he doesn't... :(
so we gotta check out by 11 :( goodnighttt <3 text me. dm for the # ;)
#onlywavyassniggas got more followers than they have following them :(
chau,me voy a dormir :( beso gente linda ♥ ♥#jonasbrothers :o #jonasbrothers :o #jonasbrothers :o
my diary has been m.i.a on me :( ithink ineed a new one :(
:( how was it?
#kevinpleasetweet por que siento que me quedare sin tweets en cualquier momento! :(
damm another night in bville!! my sis blew mines! nd now my aunt not lettin us leave late! sheesh :(
the day replies me is the day cats actually bark :( although, i'm so happy for him. he's living his dream! stay humble! xo
u didn't follow me :( // i did! i did it again...did it work??
:-( damn, i am??? my excuses are this bottle and i'm babysitting my nephew! great combonation lol
people why are you not spamming me. don't you guys love me. :(
:( "!! " were not necessary
of course flights all delayed :(
i know and francis pitched so well in his recent start...sigh :-(
she's crying because she's so tired. but she won't fall asleep because she's crying. this is going to be a long night. :(
ya itu buat agama lo, kalo buat agama gue mah, haram bgt ke :( dogs are cute and cuddly, not haram. pelihara aja dell :3
hbd tio :( happy birthday papi. love & miss you.
cheesecake stobelliiee :( mw donk bagi saya :s wkwkwkwkw
need to close my twitter for a while i guess :(
omg i cried so much and was depressed the whole next day :( just stunning!
awww what type of kitten? i want a kitten but we're going to wait until we have a house. :(
hi!! i went for a walk with the kids today and we saw a poor dead dog on the grass w/bugs all around! so sick and so sad :(
i feel like i called off work for no reason at all :/ tonight is a bust so far. save me :(
#kevinpleasetweet por que siento que me quedare sin tweets en cualquier momento! :(
so far no news abt the extras thing. i guess i look too young. i will assume i'm not doing it now. would have been cool if i could. :(
really miss my junior high... :(
in so much pain right now :(
awwhh :( are you gonna go to his book signing tour?
i want to learn it! i wish i could have when you guys were out there today : (
ya allah rebekk hehe strawberry cafe aja sm boti want join? ailaaaaah huhu :(
i have probally the shittest service in this one little spot. fuck the country :(
im stuck up here in boring ass jeff city-- awwww poor baby :(
fries tha worse! i just ate steak and shake and i was disappointed! :-(
nooooo! technical difficulties...i'm missing the backrub & i'm really, majorly disappointed :(
:( you are not the same.
nope not till tuesday..the earliest :(
the house is alright. i feel like my room is smaller :(
awww u hurt my feelings... :-(
i did my best. :( sad we lost, but can't be too sad because it was so fun to finally see them play live again. next year!
not bein. nosey again i got that bk 2 years ago...gt half way den got distracted :(
aw crap!my lil sister read all of my tweets & replys.i'm in trouble. :(
i miss my friends. :(
i wish i was shorter :(
not feeling well :( upset stomach
? what's wrong buddy? :(
i wish i was with my brother and sister for easter :( but i am excited about the chocolate!! lolol who else is excited??
i wish full 32 vs 32 servers existed, but no, et is too old :(
i'm guessing shipping would be, like, $100s, plus the cost of installation.... oy, perhaps this is not an obtainable desire. :-(
#honestly ive never fallen in true love :(
toodo s tan chimbo sin mi perra :(
: (
how dare u watch the ninjas without me :(
me 2...they be neglecting us on twitter :(
back in dubai after 3 months of traveling through the middle east and africa. finishing the cooltravel book for kempinski. in an office! :-(
i missed going 2church 2day cuz i was in carson, cali buying my foreign movies! :( i'll c if i can go 2moro as well so many things 2do 2moro
its weird, i sometimes dont get ur tweets :( but yes, its been a crazy week at school...i feel out of touch w. everything now lol
aww :( oh yah he was leaving 2day aw man
#shoutout2thegirls in the club cuz im not goin imma miss you'll :-(
i am so freaking disturbed i cannot even focus on my reading-- wth?? i have not been able to read today- not fair :-(
blackberrys are a the best! sorry your wifi isn't working :(
working and sleeping hehe it's a hard life plus ibhabe a migraine today too :( where have you been??
my modem doesn't work properly . grrrr , i need to buy credits :(
ummmm . . . ouch!!! headache :-(
lol he sounds tired! :(
i burnt my finger making esprssos...... :(
aww i wish i had a kitteh :(
ahahah i get you for sure some people just missed tooo many grammar class in school... :-(
why not? i'm grown & its true! ugh! :( dont say that :-}
bummed. daddyspeak was trying 2 fly home 2nite instead of sunday nite & it didn't work out. :-( might be home 2morrow, but doubtful
you just met me and you telling me to shutup? oh no no ! :(
spoke too soon; apparently they were doing a pre-midnight beer run :( i'm not going to be chipper...
i want to be my baby girl :( but she has a twitter wife :(
1,000 tumblr posts! and only 71 followers? hmm my life sucks :( :( jk i'm thankful for everyone of my followers ahhaha
karaoke bar? don't mind if we do. pouring one out for chad :(
i don't understand why the don't though if they can make special games for green day&the beatles then why not mike? :(
happy birthday to me! i'm old. :(
naw i'm at school in baltimore. wahhhh :( ok i guess i'll wait til next month to party w.you! ha
ty for being with me on this. of course, now i feel guilty for not doing it at all. :(
is he still in pain? :(
shit i wish were playing a show for youth week :(
only that night the next day is at that hotel :(
*hugs* i'm so sorry that you're having a sad time. :(
i got myy celly phone taken awayy :( and ohh haha cool its so hot here >.<
i just saw someone hit a moose. there's blood everywhere, and its laying on the side of the road. :(
havent even started to catch up on vids today :( maybe i just wont...
oh: dilema. i feel like taking a nap now. but i need to kickstart my day by starting to mug!!! omg. how siol :(
truck is stuck in a ditch :( !! hahahahahahahaha!!
missing my besties :(
:( you okay babygirl?
my body is not handling the smoking in the casinos well. :(
ok most of the replies said sunbleaching. i live in seattle its like never sunny here :( #clothdiapers
good :( my phone died before, and then i had to walk the dog so i couldnt bring my phone :'( whats going on
i was going down u were going up. i thought u looked at me but wen i seen u turn around i figured u didnt recognize me :(
i know :(
so been there. it sucks. :(
he didn't have to remember. his sister had already told me happy birthday. he just never did : (
:( i'm sorry *hugs tight*
pspgo, think its a bit small for adult hands, dsi gives me pain :( #mhi
im undes cover on a mishin dont tall eneyone wate ur my partner way u little :-(
aww i been wonderin were you were havent seen u all day :(
oh :( i guess i can understand that.
why does every hello end with a goodbye? :(
i wanna sing tooooo!! :(
mau ke puncak cin . bt knapa ?rt : mu kemna ni ?? gue lg bt :(
belibelibeli.hahah.. cc ad naksir spatu guess tuh! i don't have :( guess mark and spencer
out w/@allisonjessica. too late 4 garfunkel and oates. :( wandered into used book store. :)
awww... :( guess what? i forgot to charge my iphone last night. haa. luckily i've a car charger... :)
