i miss u too babes :( the girlfriend is me right? haha
yeah yeah... :( have fun tonight.. :)
i know! they only played it during the end credits :(
im to hyper to sleep tho :( ! hmm i wanta stay at home for sunday n monday lykkk :( love you uu <3 xxx
umm... i'd help you if i knew what you were talking about... :(
not good :-( what sort of sound is yours? mine is a deep hum.
praying for a young friend who lost her baby at only 6 months pregnant. she's making suicidal comments on her facebook. :(
nooo :( ok last time they were cute
you never gave me your number... :(
ths rain is killing me! and this damn flu won't go away! :(
omg, i haven't had that in years :( yum! :)
it's official. today is thee worst day of my life. :(
:( if i was ther i'd feed you
i have like...no wingman/female tonight.. :(
back to study :( i don´t like it! because is friday! :(
green terror needs an exhaust. flowmaster sounds nice, but i'm tired of replacing it due to rust every 5-6 years. borla stainless is $$$ :(
i'm short though :( #zodiacfacts people who exhibit the physical characteristics distinctive of (cont)
:-( i'm sorry my love!
apolo ohno wins. lulz :[ i will not stop until i get a photo of them together. :(
up in the air...i didn't see how to be yet. :(
i cant help it, i'm worried :( thats a pretty big deal... hope you're doing okay. <3
wow.. disappointed :(
... my birthday night out next saturdayyyy! excitingexcitingexciting. anyways, shut up lauren you have work in like 9 hours :( night!
i left to go to the doctor again :(
cepet sembuh pak... :) hatchimmm :(
didn't find someone along the way. :(
missing my family! :( have an adution 2morrow and see part of the family for steak!! yummo
i want him to learn how to talk without stuttering... that's annoying--lol, i'm so bored lb save me! :(
i now have a headache. what the heck? :(
just found out i wont be running the 2 mile tomorrow :(ima be doing the 800 wow! :o
my longest migraine went for 90 days. i almost went insane. :(
having a headache in the morning. :( poor me!
curl up and die- relient k such a sad song.. : (
ha, but i ran outta pineapples, used it all :( n short on butter, hopefully 1 convenient store is open :(
where'd everyone go? :(
sore throat ahhhhh!! :(
money in the bank, good feeling << till u realize u were overdrawn to begin with... :(
im easily getting on 50 :( haha
headache... :(
oh yeah! i heard about that! but i never seen it :( have you ever been to big bang's concert when they were in japan?
tito are u on the roof becouse i can't see you :(
go casual! can't find a shirt :(
ugh yeah that's really bad :( i hate having a cold!
i wanna talk but if you don't answer me :(
i woulda went with you to the beach for a good run..but i'm at work til 7 :( lol
the dollar tree i went to was such a disappointment. it's old, kinda run-down, and had absolutely nothing good. :(
karldetkenprodj: i just walked by the apple store and my laptop turned into an 8-track player. :(
i feel so left out i haven't even been to your blog! smh :(
marnemo, shame on you child!! :( << nt good
i need a massage, all this stress is weighing my neck and shoulders down!!! :(
endangered status proposed for u.s. loggerhead sea turtles :-(
loving you is like breathing, how can i stop? :(
u no im running real low this is bad news :( « :-( nooo! dis wray and nephs not da same!!
it's so lateee.. :(
k then :( tell me smthing
away to bed coz i got to get up early for injections tomorrow :( night my loveees xxxxxx
i reallyy wanna go 2 the movies like now :(
ladies i will make it up, nxt girls night first round of drinks on me :( sorry :/ forgive me??
ew, what the hell was that in my food! :(
jealous :( rt: ridin' around danville in the 'stang with my top down and its perfect :)
i've been quiet... yeah... i know :(
they didn't do vip tickets australia but im sure you will! didn't play summerboy :(
bless you! i'm only very slightly aware of what you do, i'm afraid... :-(
misss my boyfriend real bad when i dont see him :( i wanna hug him :(
visited darlene, the lady we clean house for. i hate hospitals :( please pray for her
no way!!!!!!!!!! i see who you like better :( x
hahaha you right!!! i forgot how much i love that cd. but i'm done now it was skipping to much : (
i love you mama, but you never text me :(
i realy wont 2 become famous but i guess my dreams will never come true :(
inalilahiwainailaihiroziun :( my fish is dead :(
