now my turn :(
:( i would say stick with something with structure.
you guys are having it without me?! aww man! :(
:(
i know !! :( ima need to get some asap lol
sekolah, jemput gue dong main ndah. emang lo dimana? aaaa pengen pulaaaang baju gue basah bgt :(
no :( i wish man. but im going to his concert on august 28.and im going to stalk him!im going to try and get his autograph
in the e.r. yes i did get injured. :-(
i miss my best friend :( *pathetic sobbing
me too, but it's not going to be playing here :(
i can't, brianna is playing on xbox :(
i need a foot rub. bet you get your wine glass filled before i get my whine fulfilled. :-(
john forsythe died :( goodbye blake carrington:
wished you would've joined cheer when i was still in cempaka :(
my stomach hurts. :(
awwh universal studios is close :( i didnt know that they closed at 7
ahelah gua udah buat rumah susah2 di the sims3 eh di uninstall :(
windows crashed. :( doc on e way. :)
fuk dat shyt there are a slim pickin of straight black men these days...all these men in here want what i want :(
:( fuckin sick of sitting at my goddamn house alone >:(
im not in yo faves? :(
i jus saw dis..word? afta i wished u gud luck ☹ lolrt good 4u phone dying and i'm all the way uptown fml ughh :(
well i think your rong abt that. its definately bad 2 forget and it effects me :( 'nd its wierd u kno wit alot of tweets
no i need to, i have so much craziness going on i am behind, i suck! :(
aww, what's wrong? :( talk to me later today, ok? i'll be back on in about an hour and a half, hopefully. hope you're alright!!
oh to go shopping like "pretty woman" of course one needs to be a size 8 or smaler. :( so much for real gals.. augh!
lol. i hate when it's wet. it's too much to deal with! :(
i wanna sum1 2 kill meeeh... riggght nnnow! :( fml...
=/ i hate do it :(
lmaooooo heyyyyy :( idk where they came frm
getting very sick! cough, sneezing, sore throat, all the usual symptoms. go away whatever you are :(
so...nobody is excited. :(
:( what happened??
ghost adventures before work maannnn i don't wanna work downtown :(
nahh :( ima be back monday night
today is my last day here :( i will miss soooooo much!!!!!!
em saw them all goin in & out of the hotel & gettin off the bus security was too over protective esp over joe :( xx
we gained only 3 followers overnight :( we wanna make it to 150 today. can we get some #ffs or shoutouts? help us out? :)
nawwww don't say that. :( we love yoooou :):)<3
lmaooooo charlotte reminds me uf stupid ass » why you say that :(
there's no special someoneout there for me.i hate watching cute teenage love shows; just makes me depressed. and i was doingso good today :(
damn it should've donated more last yr for a bigger tax refund :-( #taxreturn
does any1 know how to delete all my tweets w/o a hard work? i mean... something like unfollowall.com? ill last forever if i do it 1 by 1 :(
stuff happens... :( i'll be there again eventually...i promised
your malaysian fans scream for you...we are happy you guys are coming but so many of us can't go coz we can't get tickets!!! :-(
wekekeke -.......- hah, tiada maaf bagimu(?) maaf :( helloo gue udah cukup s
practice rained out :(
dude, if i would have known yall were gonna go to wendys, i wouldnt have left... :(
why :(
the kids handled the whole "animals everywhere" situation a lot more casually than i'd hoped :(
, glad your living your dream, some of us are scared to live ours :(
don't tell me to shut up :( u shut up insensitive ass hahaha. :)
...............crap lady gaga and lights are sold out :(
bout to see why did i get married too with the fam =) i miss my boo :( ~ that movie is great!
haha you should try them , they're heaps nice :) well i think they're heaps nice x) yeah i want jellybeans now :(
morningggg everybody!! im trying to read eyeshield, but i cant. its totally not interesting for me :(
aww :( well, don't get so tired that you eat grandma, lmao.
home alone today :(
arghhhh ! imma cry now :(
haven't been able to watch the show with out momo :(
i swear be making me feel like shit :( lols
the itunes interface for finding #ipad apps now is kinda broken, it only work to see top 100, sub-category doesn't work :-(
bein on dis laptopp remindz mee hw much ii misz minee ... :(
is being mean to me :(
what happened :(
:( que mujer!!! lol call her lokita for me :)
dang milw pissed u off pretty quick :(
i'm tryna hurry home so i can take this benedryl this is sumin serious :(
thanks lovemss :(
im kidding.. lol but i really wanted to go. : (
how did the no.1 attempt go? tried to contact you guys re playing the film here again as so many missed the 1wk? run :-(
apologizing 4 2 many tweets today by sending 1 more. goodnight everyone. oh & sorry peter, but i gotta say it...still missing :(
i'm sad u didn't come visit me in lv :(
i'm torn!!!! :(
i know!!!!!!!!! but i already have nikon glass!!!! this is such a predicament. grrrr :(
cant go see why did i get married too 2nite. its a shame my lil sis went to see it w/ her friends.... i suck :(
you all enjoy the back rub tonight! i have to get ready for work :(
happy birthday@wannawahlberg! luv ya
noooooooooo. shiiiitt. i just accidently blocked now he isnt following me anymore :( damnit!
having dinner at my sister's so can't watch the #canucks game till we're done :(
i hope u can rest your eyes & be as pain-free as pos.! pain is so exhausting & debilitating. :(
thats not cool :( well, just keep playing the song and sing it really loud! haha
hittin the sack early. work in the morning :(
listenin to #1 on youtube lawdd i wish he didnt give it to justin bieber smh y ?? :(
i wish our hearts could come together as one :(
d: i wishh babe were here. :(
checking my emergency dental coverage, considering i only pay $14 a month i am thinkin i have none :(
* hi fives back* <3 i'm going to be so upset if they have the new doctor fall in love with the new companion. :( i miss rose
aw! i maybe trying but it's not working... :(
i'm starting to think you don't want drinks with me :(
ahh, i just don't want her to be in pain or scared :( but it makes me feel better that your pup recovered so quickly, thanks!! xo
arghhhh ! imma cry now :( ---> awww y
and i were just given bad luck :(
:( you could :( it is so fucking amazing ngl :( but there's so many :(
well that wasn't good news. :(
i am so boreddd :( some one save meee :'( -dieing from boredom- :
noooo! :( i'm going back to england soon and will be too caught up if s3 has started!
:-( pukey? sick? or booze?
nah thts long, i learnt the basics. n i tweeet too muchh, hw can i av 14 k ? :( *picks up fone n txts insted*
#fml everybody is going out except me and cuz we have exams tmrw!! :-(
yeah :( he took the job. my mom, sister, and i are staying here until my sister and i finish school :( don't know what i'm gonna
:( :( :( :( :( :( (@aboutis live on
no that needs tuh stop....he is not cute but his hair looks soft i wanna feel :(
i'm sad n no one cares about me :( << i care ;) «~~ yea right
quero mais followers :(
wackness i wanna go :( lol nah, imma jus bring sum ciroq.lol saving patron for a special occasion.lol
i cheated :(
i know booo :( u better be there at 9 bitch hehe
spartan blood and sand is so awkward to watch with your dad..lots of nakedness & all i want to do is comment on the sexiness of the men. :(
at wendys with jake, eric, & chelsea but its closed :( someone take us home!!! hahaha
yeaaah :( i'm selling to pay my soundcheck hahaha
dangggg , bad night. gonna be an even worse day tomorrow :( pray for me yall !
aw sweetie hang in there :( tell your mom you need to make a phonecall and go somewhere else
too bad u live so far now. i coulda gone to pick u up :(
i'm going on a cruise... so i won't be able to talk to u in one week!! :( i'm gonna miss every11
i know! :) ya'll have fun, im miss him :(
haha! knapa roomate lo lagi a? seriously, not to be racist but indian food is super not nice!!! :(
just retweeted a tweet and i got way over excited for a minute there :(
im so bored :( someone come and take me to the cineemaaaaa!
hlkashlkhskd creedo :(
i need a new group of friends asap--> what?...i'm not good enough for you!! «~~ i never see u anymore :(
:( don't have a working tv lol sad day...
i wished it turned out better :(
just realized that i lost my yellow bracelet from spain. no idea where it could be. :(
not the eyes :-(
you're here!!! but i almost gtg. :(
não váaaaa :( (@aboutis live on
i want to follow me for easter. i love them so much :(
i thing that i will change my name for bigbeliebers or something like that.. :(
