as much as i like my fone, i really want my fone back :(
i would come, especially with all the delicious sounding food but :( i hate not owning a teleporter!
in canada (montreal) we don't have it... :(
i'm good in ky bored :( how was the movie??
i just saw an explorer n got really sad .. i miss :(
i don't feel good :(
:( no camera? damn them.
mom says i cant go on the internet with my phone no more :( so ill ttyl maybe monday
i fell asleep watching mortal kombat :(
it's so hot! ugh... corned beef hash was a bad choice... :(
wait...i'm not nearly tipsy enough! :(
what is it?! i'm at work so i can't watch it on my phonneee... :(
no, my mom tried but she checked it out an hour late and they were all sold out. :( are you?
this holy week has got to be the most boring ever! didn't go out of town or check in at a hotel this year :(
lmao i feel u i wish my past would leave me the fuk alone! :-(
yep, invasive species.many native ladybugs are nearly extinct :-(
mhm.. :( is my fever back? o_o i feel hot -.-
the passion always gets to me :(
:( oh well, don't worry about it. hopefully he'll realized.
jealous! i haven't been able to take any today :( tomorrow will be a beast..
please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
my stomach hurts so badd ! im like beyond hungry :(
creeping up till 4am here and i still have 6 characters to design :-(
e-gasp u had unfollowed me?! :-(
ugh. i can feel a fight coming on :( . . . nippin' this one in the butt. hate fighting
): won't tweet me! :( <--------- aww i do talk 8) hey look i just tweeted you lol
crackin' open the math book :(
lies :(
while i was having lunch yesterday, waiter came to me and said "is this ur phone?" and showed me my iphone! when/where did i drop it? :-(
what a dream :(
please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
i got new magazines! but actually i didn't got the seventeen :( so sad
and i am sooo envious of your trip :( i missed london on my crazy trip through europe!
i dont think i told u yet.....im not gonna b able to go bak for skool :-( but ill b bak to visit and we will def hangout
jerry has laryngitis :( we're looking at nearly 3 hrs of talking awesome.
what ??? pasangan kekasih? oh my god ! :(
nervous dreams are awful :(
i wanna chat :( come chat with us...we miss yoooooooooou. chat noooooooow.
i love you! i wish you could see this! :(
sakit leher....again,again,agaiiinnn !!!! :( :(
:(
yes iwill be broke and not in school unless i got to the lab to sew :(
watta boooring #saturday :( /via <-- you mean friday?
and true :-(
they still don't have it right eithe :(
wish i had a travel schedule :(
so my luck just got bad my car won't start :(
what happened jellybean? :(
a thing for purple?? haha. i think edward needs to wear purple :(
ya, see shit like that is why i kill myself at the gym. skipping dinner tonight. :-(
i need to talk 2ma papa !!! havent seen him all day :( brb im finna call him
i've heard "maybe we shouldn't be 2getha" a lil bit 2much lately :( well i'm good its ok
btw, why come you gotta have letters & numbers in your twitter name? i have to research how to spell it if i don't hit reply. :(
:( i would if i could. i will share in spirit the ridiculous chocolate confection from whole foods i am about to consume.
please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
anyone wanna give the sunny side up somewhere to stay in melbourne next weekend. wants me to sleep on a park bench :(
grr i cant find the remote for my ihome :( where you at baby??
bahh idk what to order :(
i am soo freaaaakin frustrated!! i can't finish the bowling stage with crazy dave!! >.< it's harder the second time! i hate you zomboss! :(
lmao! i did! then she chokeslammed me :(
casey blake shaved his beared :( pleease bring it back!
hmmm wish i was there :-(
please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
huhuu :****rt miss you too :( i miss youuuuuuuuuu :') ,aku sayang kamuuuhhhhhhhh
