legal yes- ethical doubt it. and stupid? definitely yes. :-(
what's wrong ? :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(
hope u watch it and maybe comment it... pleaseeeeeeeee :(
n it makes me :(
hi dhir,wassup dear? anthing i can do for u? bbm aku lg eror bgt :( mr and (cont)
why not? i'm grown & its true! ugh! :( dont say that :-}...what u gone bout it
sorry your day sucked :( miss you buddy!
i miss twitter so much :(
home.. the last song was great! :) really sad though :( had fun at the mcdonalds playground!! lmao.
it isn't very fun on my own :-( xx
i miss cheering :(
i'm already in venice :-(
aww sorry lisa :( i miss you hunnybunch!
ummm y do i keep avoiding the gym! :( i need 2 go! and get a membership!
i'm here, jon, no back rub for me tonight. :(
i don't feel good :(
ooh ..... ur going right now ..... ? :(
oh really? i have 10 following me! thats dissapointing! :( sorry love!
hope u watch it and maybe comment it... pleaseeeeeeeee :(
i fell half way down the stairs at work today. so much for teaching my girls grace and poise :(
these interviews must be very hard for janet, u can see that her entire demeanor changes when the questions bout michael come up. :(
been listening to `s songs today. follow me please. :(
how old is your mom?! 25?! & i wish you would reply me :( it's my dream & wish. make my easter extra extra special? :)
five hours. :( i miss you already.
awwww i really hope your son feels better. i'm sure it's heartbreaking to watch them sick :(
i know......i'm not impressed that neither have shown up :(
:( :( :( ;(
phone dying.forgot charger.gonna be a long night without it at work.see y'all latter tweeps :(
what a great way to celebrate my birthday. :(
sobbing now the world knows my name. :(
hope u watch it and maybe comment it... pleaseeeeeeeee :(
that's mean :( fat ass
gosh why am i so bitchy today ? :( i think i've been pretty mean the entire day i'm sorry ,
nothing to be :( about. we're having a blast with people we love so :)
hope you get to feeling better soon! i have not been feeling just the best today myself! :( ur right tomorrow a better day
aww look at all the track ppl :-( brings back so many memories.. can i run again?
uggh 4:30 is sooo early :( do you have to work on easter?
whatttt :( report: notre dame recruit matt james dies after fall from balcony
:( why? sedih :(
my favorite spot in #boston flamepoeira cafe 3 lewis st. in north end is closing :( only open 11-4pm sat sun..
i don't even know what right looks anymore :(
she has been doing a lot of that. :(
not me :(
sadly i dnt jav younger brothers or sisters so no chocolate for me :( share with me? hehe
not feeling well :( upset stomach baby come on i hope u feel better if u smoke weed that will probably it feel betta lol
did you know they're getting rid of the pad? it's going to be completely gone :(
kinda sad about my aunt...only because my mom just showed me the letter :(
yikes. a friend of mine is in a really bad place in his current relationship. i wish i could do something :( all i can do is listen.
i got nothin right now! lol #inbedsleepytime :( #nerdalert #dontjudgeme
starts work at 5.30 got to work an hour early :(
hope u watch it and maybe comment it... pleaseeeeeeeee :(
.. but i don't want a russian bride, skype :(
tweetdeck blew away sometime during the day so i'm not getting much history here. :-(
senseless killings need to stop. the pain that it causes is just too much...rip tarchelle we love you & will be praying for the fam! :(
ya ampunnnn!! kenapa sih gprs nya xl bener2 sucks :( thank god ada wi-fi colongon twitteran dulu deh, tp kok bbm gak bs yah ttp?
new love triangle in balika vadhu can't be my 1500th tweet :(
hahaa is he still bipolar? :(
friday nite an i'm stuck in da crib while jr. kicks my damn ribs :-( i'm bored....
banget gue sering nangis grgr liat facebook ex nyeseknya dahsyaaat sakit banget dil :( facebook emang tempat
i think kirin slurs up a lol of consanants... someone help me? :(
yeah sucks balls :(
miss my brother man :(
am in office :( tum batao :)
my god , i need money so bad :(
epical boredum...uh hating this all so much..hes not even gone yet & im missin him already :(
hahaha jeje ska jg e? cheesecake stobelliiee :( mw donk bagi saya :s wkwkwkwkw
i miss my cat :(
so happy to be alive and aware of the world. too many people live life asleep :-( i wish to start waking them up!!!!
nadia i would love to "chat" with someone, but no one has asked me :(
i'm kinda disapointed wit my army weluvjbiebsarmy they barely talk bout jb :( only some dating website like wtf !?
i wanted to go out and stuff , instead im home watching movies w. my little cousins . :( what happ. to my kidababy ? lol
im going to bed... i got work at 745 :(
wow what a friday night. :(
studying stats. on the probability chapter so decided to calculate odds of events in my life. prbability of me becoming famous: 27% :(
always hope follow back me :(
ladies yall got yall outfits ready for sunday club f1 ?! « noo :(
i have that problem too rt my insomnia is getting the best of me. :(
down, i was so scared and so sad!! im still in disbelief of wat i saw it was horrible... im not sure if the ppl are gonnna make it :(
i have to pee so bad but i'm watching new moon so i can't leave :(
hey jawn let's watch a movie and eat some ice cream since ur over ur attitude! c'monnnnnnnnn papi! estoy abburida mi amor :(
hey dm i wanna talk 2 you bout that dude-hater :(
callin' it quits early because of work in the morning :(
aww mann :( i didnt see it eihter
working with new person today, miss twin :(
gw nge-fans banget ma kalian :( perjalanan menuju bukittinggi..byk bgt longsor dan jln yg (cont)
:( taking a nap. be back in.. 1,2 or 3 hours?
some girl just told me on formspring that would probably want me to kill myself and that i should... :(
it's under construction, but taking longer than expected :( where is the blog? why did you go?
yes the macnchez works! i like the macnbeef too they got rid of their blueberry donuts for some reason! :-(
yes! :-(
awwww this is so sad :(
sry for the late very latee replyy. nope :( have u?
:( bring me back food please?
when u don't drive car that u are servicing, you don't know what is wrong with car. blank :(
damn am i da only muthafucka dat stayed home tonight?? <nope. :-( -- double nope•lol
yeah. and a win is better than a loss. (don't ask me about losses. :( )
aww ok if yew wanna talk hit ma cell up :(
yuck!!!!!!!! anna alredy gt 3 mng wishes frm u :\ enikku reply cheyyan vayya :( ee chekkante karyam
bedtime. working early on a saturday sucks :( good knight everyone!
#kevinpleasetweet por que siento que me quedare sin tweets en cualquier momento! :(
i'm having dashboard withdrawals, ladies :(
thanks but they got dirty :(
no good for me tomorrow. leaving town. :(
yeah :( i think crystal and lilly were close too.
wish i was in sc with i know they are having a good ole time right about now... :(
cruising around el monte :(
well dayum, maybe i shouldv'e went. home now. thanks for throwing the food in my face. :-( ~$kittle$~
in next single <--in the video i better be seeing or any indian girl :(
i've checked the light setting and the batterys like half way charged but still no light :s :(
:( idk wat that mean, i'm boutta put that old one back, butt face! :( shuu!
aghh, so tragic. :(
while it tasted divine 3rd trimester heartburn has hit. not enjoyable. :(
emg gita mau nonton?rt baru mau tweet.an :( bye.. nonton hachiko bareng gita aja off guys, byeeee
backaches are not cool! and i don't feel like block periods of math :(
sumtimes liquor clears you out.. i wouldnt tell you nothing wrong... dont be so judgemental... :( ..
me he olvidado de mi twitter!! :(
follow american idol cast-off didi benami who should've been in top 3 :(
nicely done! i tried to leave a comment but the site wouldn't let me. :(
i wanna have an ipad party with you tomorrow but i have to get out of town in the afternoon :(
yea i listen u.. sorry2 i got a lot of mention in a lot of language whic need 2 translate.. :(
#iwish i was the asa formal right now :(
i dont know! lol but it was really good. ! aha this is my last free weekend! :( i mean without school!
okay so am jus bored rite now :( he i was at school i kno i wouldnt be lol
i officially sound like a dog's squeek toy when i cough wtf do i do to get rid of these allergies asap?? help :(
i'm hungry about to run to wawa or something :(
i only have one :(
i wanna go home :(
why arent i getting any of the tweets on my phone.. especially astons :(
need some attention from that special somebody. ugh. :( all i want is him.
rip matt james :( ... domer sports report >> notre dame recruit, matt james dies (via
shes so cool <333333 folllow me pleaseeee i love you :( make my day?
yu gon b home for like 2 seconds :(
