awww wats the matter?? :( ugggghhhhh i'm having the worst nite eva *tears*
so do you have any plans to add support to iphone or ipad versions. i have asked numerous times, no reply :(
what the hell are those? look like shaq's... :-( why me wid these wack dudes? i'm waitin on someone, yes! #beatit buster
i think i'm about to sing the song :(
ini  udah fullblack semua trackball item, casing item, antigores item, siliconnya item, charger item, headset item, kabeldata item :(
poor chrissy-swan :( i feel for you! *sobs*
not you! ----no.. no shh not me.. pfttt.. :-/ #ifeelujudginmetrayyy :( lol
dude! please don't delete your twitter! :(
*sigh* ..wow (spelling) got me to follow you on what has been quite a back and forth day for you :-(
yeah... no one talk to me :(
i wish i cud see the roughhouse boys vs. the truckstop girls :(
i was at work :(
waiting 4 an isd call :(
this is when you know baseball season is so close! :) no! not the a-rod hate from you. :(
haha, aw man :( school is almost out for you after this break
i told him he was crazy. he said thank you. :( im scared
i knoww :( it really has been a while. how have you been love? :)
i hate that i lost my contacts. i wud be at the roxy otherwise :(
yeah, it's airing and sadly, it sucks. :(
thanks, but no... just feeling really depressed... idk why. just kind of want to cry :( happens sometimes
areella :(
awwh :( me 2 having the crappiest week of my life :'(
i accidently killed the easter bunny on my way home tonight. :( #fail #easter
just want someone to care bout me... dats all :(
ahhh sooo tired :( got lots of new stuff though packing tomorrow.. funnnnn
i haven't tweeted all day! :(
haa' mee tuu' nd ii hadd tu rinseew my facee . im bweakinqq out : (
nothin much mike just thinkin! :-(
my sides hurt :(
oh that's crazy lmao niggas aint get me n when tashante came back ya don't be hittin me up :(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
i'm sure the plans have already been made. :(
no more fondue :( #twitpict
lol sorry. :( it was past 5:30ish. i'm on my last 15 min. break right now. off work 10pm.
im getting mad! why cant i find an egg on website? i really wna win to meet :(
soooo here go anotha day w//o talkin to him ! maan imisshim ! :(
yes, i was there... crazy nite! wish i could go see ddcb tonite :(
i live in anthem, az now. been here since 2001. been taking care of my mom. she isn't doing well. :(
i can't find my parents that's y i miss them... today was suppose to be game nite :( but they went to church nd disappeared
so not in your #ff :(
oyaa, astaga :( thx infonya han :)
guw blum mandi , hhe :) c yudhi nyambung jjah :(
watched the tyra show early n i swear y only underprivaled kids b on tv i mean i aint rich but i aint poor n nobody cares about me :-(
indicted. :(
yahh :( mm okay gpp ko next time :)
what's wrong? :( you okaay ?!
no :( lol i stopped like halfway through :) shh
i want to send to twitter.. :(
madeleish my 21,000th tweet goes to love and miss u all so much! :(
i want to send to twitter.. :(
plzzz tell me this line outside is not for ticket holders too :(
mending autis drpd clueless :) aku ngerasa autis :( you'll have it someday :)
loool truss i feel sick now :(
oh suck. sorry :( what are you up too tonight?
yeah me too :( tyler perry out did himself you know it's gonna be #1 btw angela and marcus are crazier than ever before i hope u enjoy it
did u hear about jake g with isabel lucas??? that girl has awful hair :(
i know :-(
so close, yet i'm always so far away :(
yeah yeah rub it in :( if you're ever passing by mumbai, let me know. i'd love to play with the ipad for a few minutes!
wooot! lights killed it and i am so losing my voice :(
got off work early 2day!! traffic sucked!! :-(
on my way call da girls over and get da snacks out cuz i'm greedy lol lol i'm home :(
noooooo don't gooooo :(
; dont say nun else about the movie!!!!! now i know that its gonna be a surprising ending ughhhh :-(
sobbing i'm very hungry rn and my maid is on strike and refuses to cook for me :(
sooooo bored. i wannna go home! :( someone call me or somethinng, i dont feel like sitting in this dark/quiet room anymore.. :(
wkwk. di rt. mangstab agan. hahart got broken, heart :(
