has no one to talk to :(
haha can't wait for next weeks episode, too bad i can't watch it live though. ill have to watch it on the net :( blah! #degrassi
yeah people generally don't believe in the zombie santa claus any more :-(
i knooowwww :( we actually rode past...
awwwwww! i loved when my babies had hiccups!!! i miss being preggers :(
you get no love anymore :( lol 23 is better that 24 i'm just sayin though// cum 2 the light
my ihome has a problem with nick jonas and the administration :( i need a new ihome
lol unlucky :\ haha, im going to bed now as it is 3.08am :( byee <3
just arrived.....uh i can feel the death all around me. :(
oh goodness! how did i find myself on 6th street?! ahhh!>come back to me :(
upset was promised that i'd get to go out for a bit when my mom got home...now not going to happen because she's to tired flm :(
buddy! how goes it? hey where did they move #sharktank to? i thought fridays 9 :-(
i invited myself. but since yu gunna be that way.
:(
rt: pliss reportate ya van 2 dias sin ti :(
sorry bb :( that really sucks.
did you guys see the post on nokia giveaways???? what awesome sexy products!!!!!! open only for us citizens :(
:(
love! so jealous, have been planning my next one but might wait bc harder for competition judging :(
you never replied to my dm. :(
hmm, don't be surprised though if you don't have much of an audience. saturdays are kinda quiet. :(
chilled with maaaaaadd people. and i know, my phone died at like 6 :(
probably wasn't a good idea to help move furniture in flip flops :(
yee i know :( did you go in the morning or at night? ahaha, yee i changed for ;)
darn it..imissed the party! :( :( #madchocrocks #perfectharmony
should be at dreams and drums listening to headhunterz right now :(
i miss so much :( <-- i miss you way more!!!! :( <5
ya i'm fine. just have been home and sick according to my friends. i've just been upset. i miss katy like crazy! :(
yeah..i've wanted to have one cz i'm a single child :) oh i'm truly sorry about that :(
my face is still red :(
omg i didnt know degrassi was coming back on 2nite! :(
don't feel well :(
hahaha! ohhh, what time is your appointment? and yessss! gahhhh! efl! :(
enakeee :( otw to jogja
no one asked :(
i followed him and and today and got them to follow deja lol... well homer never :(
eatinn, yu needa get ur phone man imy and im always finna text you but i cant :( loll
kebelet pipis,tp mager to the max nih.. :(
my jaw is fucked up! :(
oh right lol justin bieber yea i lost tho not cool : (
i probably shouldn't, because i'd be too tempted to get something done :( i don't have enough money right now to do somethine.
im not used to this missing-in-action business :(
weeeeeeell it could always be worse..the last true life episode ol dude name was pe'andre :(
:( you okay? if it's a matter of keeping yourself or others safe, then it's what you must. hope they can get what they need.
it's not bouncing back :( whah we have netflix and i think we can watch it right now! hooking it up...good gawd i'm freaking out.
i had to tae :-(
seriously, 2-month break? :( i'll miss my favorite yaya :(
lol i know but i was still having funnn.. :( ahhhh! i miss it! everyone should go back the last week of school lol
i wish i was with and right now :(
pierce, and he misses :( ot
i wanna be simply but alas, it is not to be :(
food poisoning is not fun at all. had to stay in bed all day long because of chills and spasms. :(
no time at all that you could make it? :( so sorry!
i hope i don't have a horrible dream tonight like last night :( goodnight motherfuckers.
double ew! :(
u can't... give them time :( how do you console such a person?
mutha fudger! the baja fresh i was going to closed! so i drove around and found a aloha specialties. got the seafood platter! all fried. :(
it makes me so sad that when i do the hp ipod game as a legit wand instead of the touch screen i suck :(
poor sparticus :(
duh! annnd meeee :( off to fridays with .. i'm sooo hungry and in desperate need of a margarita!
at the wrong time at the wrong place :(
i want to be part of the family :(
booo :( you two are bad lol
dnt waste my time :( jus go sleep
my dad is gonna make me watch some dumbass movie called koyaanisqatsi so i can't text at 7:30 :(
looking all the pictures from wondercon makes me wonder why am here and not there. :(
just hit my hand really hard on our glass door. ouchhhhhhh :(
ya gapapa tort bb gue ilang ndah :( sorry yaaaaw heyhey (cont)
it was only a matter of time :(
:( i wanted to try.
i hear ya...too often my friends and i have found out the hard way :(
why have i got so much hw? :( holidays are the best :) going to nates tonight ..........xx
so i can't with ballin in the movies nxt 2 me ◀ shush up that part was sad :(
