skyping with the best friend before he leaves to nationals... :( what am i goign to do with out him :(?
ugh. i fell asleep! downtown does sound better, but not sure i have the energy. :(
the last song makes me want to have a man :(
argh the camera doesn't work with my mac :(
:( can u tell arie that we miss her and hope she gets better?
oo there are books? i fell asleep during that movie at the end :( really? i really didn't fancy it. mehh. good you did though
missin my #insanity :( no 1 wants to workout w/ me... hopefully i'll get some in 2mrw now that we're settled (cont)
sorry yall my batt vs zm should be up sometime soon. this new youtube messed up the upload :(
fml fml fml one day after i start school. ihy kbs :(
i didnt get lost :(
lucky i don't have any tickets i live in ny and my dad was willing 2 drive me 2 ct but there are no tickets :(
i get the same wayyy , :(
abs beres2 rumah.. capeee bgt.. :(
i dont wanna go to bed cuz when i wake up, it'll be the day i have to go back to work. :(
networksolutions.com tidak tersedia bagi indonesia...! kecu... :(
girlll, i wish you would've been here tonight :( you missed out on so much funnn!
oh gosh, how can someone who's registered ppl before give out wrong info! so annoying!! :( and makes me look bad
oh, it always makes me so sad when they talk about him previous to his death :(
at the bodega getting a 3 dollar foot long....#guetto -- i wish :(
bv nga. i wanna go out today! it's so boring here in the province kaya :(
still a lil upset i didn't get to see why did i get married 2 on openin night :(
man. i need a babygirl. im tired of being single and lonely :(
police name west auckland child crushed to death by brick wall | national news :( i hope her family's ok
saturday.. but i'm working :(
skittles! i miss you skittles! :(
bosan bosan bosaan mau pulang ajaa tidur dirumaah. :(
i just got chucked out of my friends house for no reason :-( cold and homeless!
did i really agree to go into work tomorrow at 5am? what was i thinking?? starbucks won't even be open! :( off to bed...
man, this is why i dont have friends. :( .alicia.
nice weather indeed! but i'm sick so i can't go anywhere! hate it! :(
if #castle season 2 is. sept 21 i doubt there will be blu ray. :( make sure you preorder from amazon (cont)
iri :( belum sempet beli dvd nya off dulu ya mau main the sims 3 :)
bhai tab mai sms pe tha sab ko rply nhi kar sakta tha.... :( good mornz bhae :)
was it bad?! :-( i'm in the theater now about to see it..
sucks to know that the are only 7points out of the playoffs with only 4 games left.... :(
is it just me or is amb site down? :(
i knoww thers not a lot of archies here :( well i dont know any! ny! cool! how old are you?
o.o! haven't heard of a better way :( we're doing the same thing at home at a slow pace...
ugh i hate my phone ! :( & okay ! :)
great shoot tonight but icing my ankle now after a bad twist. hopefully it'll feel better for our 15 hour day tomorrow :(
u had sum niggah in ya back round :(
:( it seems like he's ignoring me. but dont tell him i said that
wait, they're not here yet :( false alarm :(
itchies! i think i got some poison oak last week at our shoot. :(
i wish you would reply and follow me. :( btw, i love your mv for 'i own this' & your top in it! :)
aa you lucky you are?? you have took photos with him haha :( i'm want too
twitpic is being a retard :( it won't let me see the picture!
ughh why is it that i don't get yor tweets till hella late. i miss you and bill :(
we are not going to the store. :(
kobe miss his ft's :(
bored :( no one on on messengers -.-
:( don't b saaaad baby!!! i'm sad... missing u!
i would really love for you to notice me and follow me but you won't :(
<3 your welcome. your actually one of the strongest girls i know<3 :) awe shes my cousin :) i know :( boo!
moving friend has clean walls i have tired arms! bestie moving 3 hours away :(
ughhh subliminal to me :( i know;2morrow! beginning of a new age!<u kno we shoot sumliminals 2each other!lol
bad day is bad :(
:( i really want to but im on my phone and i cant write back in dms*whispers maybe we can do it 2morrow and it will be good*
to na sase 8 ainda :(
troopbonding, pairbonding human evolutionary connections yoga (union) not connected to the internet :( frustration ... due to first 2?
hey c'mon yaar, i said that just make u laugh! thats it! anyway, if i hurted u, i'm "s"orry! avi khush? jee bhar gaya?? :-(
lmao sorry :(
i know!! ughhhh :(
oh i miss amy pohler and tina fay on snl :(
i know! i was not there long enough at all :(
ini nfdonlot nya belom selesei aja, gimana dong, huhuhu :( :(
ugh. my healthy coating of earth is gone. :(
wait why i didn't get an ily :-(
it seems it isn't a joke :( he's telling this to other people. here another report: :/
lol i been slacking latly :(
stinky won't talk 2 me :(
i wish was here!!! :-(
photo: sky-rayne: aww me too :( im trying to be patient, but its not really working lol
so mad i'm dress w. ish to do :(
on my way out this door.....still horny! :(
let's trend #501carrotsformal later, 9-11pm kst. join us, and let's make it number one! :) -don't know if i can join later, no internet! :(
i have malware. ack! this does not make me happy. :(
ruh roh... database is broken... be back soon! // :(
the only reason i'm watching letterman tonight is to see love them!! wish i could make it to the t.o show :(
i miss my !!! ..too bad she's not here :( << awwwww
i really missed hanging with you guys.. :( we missed ya at #flamestweetup
excuse me i also want watch :(
lmfao he's busy right now :(
sooooooo bored wrk

trying to meet w my ppl n bachata the nite away!!!! :(
eat breakfast! freaking hungry. no food at home! :( at least mum's cooking now :)
i'm missing sopranos....and deadwood :( vintage hbo
thankyou, omg im sorry no one if following you :(
i love youuuuuuu<3 pleasee follow meee :(
holy crap! :( meetup just spammed the crap out of me. sigh....
had fun today. although someone upset me. and i think my brother just revealed my childhood nickname to everyone. :(
same jus watchin tv. so bored. :(
thank u :-) rest of the family are asleep cos it's 5.26 over in england :-( they need 2 wake up, i'm 2 excited!! lol xx
but i dont wanna go to bed :(
:( this just hasn't been the best week 4 me but i'll live lol, thanx 4 asking.. awe, what's wrong?
what :(
yaaaa ? bru bgn utiee :( : woyy...........
fuck the club! what the hell is there to do! :(
:(
piano bars rock.
there is much fun to be had.
did i miss the trip?
putus?rt i'm single now :(
::: i cant sleep :(
i didn't know! : (
alright, this headache is really bugging me. :( my head actually feels heavy. :'(
i love and miss you too! :(
i know but i have a bedtime hahaha. i have younger sisters and my parents make me have the same bedtime as them :( sucks lol.
huge problems! :( i've been covering some shit..i did. only my teacher knows about it.
haha soooooo my boy (ex i still call him mine) is begging me to take him back :(
awww my poor baby is sick :( please email him some medicine! #randomsickness
it wont let me see the pictureee.. :( but happy birthday pattie!!!
eat some for me? :( i miss that place so much.
yu were in northampton was that in mass cuz if it was i totally missed it : (
throat hurts like crazy :(
bosen and bored :(
yeah that sucks :( and that's not even the only thing smh
dammit! i can't see it!... :(
:( my barcrawl just flew out your window.....#sadness
i dislike most of my wardrobe. :(
i loved carnivale.. sad it ended when things were getting really interesting.. unresolved cliffhanger :(
:( lol why?
man, i'm actually really bummed to see you're not following me anymore :(
ohmy butuh pulsa please!!! :(
hm, hanging out on 'hon' as terroritory. i'm a nerd :(
i miss you :(
*to herself* miley, you are tired, go to bed. nooooooooooo :(
i know. it was horrible. :( but i'm alright now. gonna try this sleep thing once more. :)
well what a waste of looking cute tonight :(
is trying hard not to be bitter about missing in my hometown :( i didn't even hear about it!
this week has been all about friends. i miss san jose and washington. :(
if #castle season 2 is. sept 21 i doubt there will be blu ray :( make sure you preorder from amazon through the click links!
just wanna say sorry again layla... those tics went to waste and money went to waste. i'm sorry.hope ur not mad :(
:( not the same as being outside in it that's for sure... you work tomorrow?
now i am worried. :-(
i dnt have skype or a webcam :(
am i meann & think im all thatt?? :( :0 biebswifts friends just said that to me :(
masih perth naa.. sms n call bisa cm bbm ngga harus contract :( kangennn gw sm lo
man. formspring's really bringing me down. whaat a crappy day. i can't believe how mean people can be :(
curiosity killed that cat!!! miss u guys2 :( !! i just let the worms out of the cat!!!! miss u guys
it's cold... and i'm incredibly tired :( today's not going to be fun =/
thats horrible! :( report notre dame recruit matt james dies after fall from balcony-espn
