me too :( i wanna play and claw the air! wish u were here to go to this plac with me and stephen@stephlynnfuhs
good morning :) oh my, i'm sick. officially :( huhuhu
bad news guys i dont have my id.. :(
hehe! part of me wants to yell skype sesh! but i'm ready to pass out soon :( lol
its so windy :(
:( i miss you so much. </3
need to work out the abs. :(
me tooooo i must admit i miss my android market :(
:'( its really killing me 2 say bye right now :(
dang i'm no longer the only asian working at my victoria's secret :(
who invited the yahoo chick? she bugs meeee. :(
my tummy hurts !!! :(
my whole body is sore :(
oh and bestie's mum may possibly have had a heart attack this morning... she's at the hospital... :-(
i'm really hungry, havent had time to eat anything yet :(
i can use the extra 300 a month now. damn economy :-(
while packing non-essential clothes, realized large suitcase that's travelled the us, aus, nz, the uk, france, & italy is falling apart. : (
no... i never found my pants.... :( only god knows where they went.... maybe the gnomes took em'..... its a mad world.
i wish i lived near cool people :(
im a big gurl (in every since in the saying)... i wanna go :(
iya,hehe.blm sempet wae :( anneee,kamu ihhhh ga jadi ke rmh aku?hehheert hush-hush!! harus dbuang jauh2!! a+b=x
i've waited so long, i don't think i'm gonna get my n00dlez afterall. :( might just have to settle for tbell.
:( the lagh-a-lympics vids are only audio, grr ill have to tell my brother that tomorrow, hopefully i can get sleep soon
owie :( still hurting? what's the dealio? you need a massage or an adjustment.
i need someone to talk to, just to let out how i feel right now :(
absolutely rubbish :(
move 2 va is nomore lol six foot anything actin like anything smh he is sooo done with me :-(
please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
ty! it is usually me admiring your shoes! :) we tried to get the meet/greet sold out. :( we will enjoy the show regardless
honestly i couldn't stay out late if i wanted, no way of gettin home (for the most part) :(
i haven't ate all day --- instead i been in the bed sick :(
#backintheday my grandma took care of alllll her grand kids, now we taking care of her. i miss that, and the porridge lol :(
clash of the titans 3d!!! wif like 10 asshole freinds.. yeaa. 20 mins in and i'm already sick off milk duds : (
yeah you are...so not fair :( i sent a request
please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
you left a space between the and my name. :(
i know, coz u have a quality time wif irii ku.. :( gak tauu saii,kyknya dina gak ikut,,
im fucking bored, and i havent talked to practiclly all day :(
were so much alike <3 to bad we can't go out. :( boooooo!
dude i was so tired! and still am! and i never got my coffee :(
she is that. and yea i know. dont rub it in my face :(
i ate too much.... :(
i sent you a tweet.. :(
yeah cuz nobodys home but my webcam is starting to go crazy :(
i love when he puts in those 'hehe's i wish would come out and play :-(
sorry for the loss :(
was dressed to impress tonight! but sadly in in bed before 10:00pm! :(
k, not having tampons is not good. i used 3 boxes in 3 days, that's how bad it is. :( good news = m&ms are coming. :)
my teeth hurt and i can barely eat or speak :(
omg stfu! stoney larue! why wasnt that advertised! i wish i could too :-( im jealous!
lol .. i c ... i need sum1 ta come cheer me up! this rain is killin' it! lol :-(
why have you not called me yet, :(
very :(
downside: we have to pull it out of his hands while he sleeps. :(
lol! you should of came :(
dude i think my dog locked me out of my house and i could bet you think its a joke but im literally locked out of my house. :(
ohh sorry :( nothing much, and you?
morning. have to wake up and continue pp report. gaaaaaaaaaaah :(
i want 162 for height :( :( :( !
morning! i wish for better day :(
where is ? :(
i'm way to ambitious if i think i can organize my music in <1week... i've already spent a day on it only finished artists: a's :(
wish we were there! :( watching cars with medina and mir
night night kenny the cannoli-hater :(
i've not seen that one! :(
i wish i could go out dis weekn!! :( i haven't had fun in a long time!!
:(
iloveyou_dg*<3
there is something weird about my computer. nothing works on it. :(
i know :( i was heartbrocken! he even complimented the picture that i chose for him to sign :( o wells my friend has my pict
ion even kno wut to wear :(
lol. but 80% of them are right.. even the negative sides :(
gracias!! its such a nice night here in atlanta...i went out to get a humidifier and saw so many people out :( ....sucks
anyone wanna give the sunny side up somewhere to stay in melbourne next weekend. wants me to sleep on a park bench :(
... how's diving? we haven't been in months. :-(
yup 10 years and he still has no idea im in love with him :( ive told him over and over but..
i hate thirsty dudes :( jus be u and ill notice u ...
