#howrude,my besty just kicked me out of her car & called me laaame :( my b.e.d sounds way more fun then atl right now. (dayuuum i am lame)
mw kmn?rt ayo ayo.ajak sm jg ajrt tuh gtu akyu gak ajak :( o
i need to go to ny! ugh 2 weeks from now :(
happy birthday sorry to hear about your wallet :( hope you are still having a good 21st and i owe you a drink!! love yaaa
i remember something, when we went to sby, ... :(
in bed. :( can't even watch game. drained. at least he feels my pain too :(
lol and to ur face the acne :(
back home... my stomach is killing me :( its a wreck
i forgot i straightened my hair so perfectly for dinner, now i dont wanna sleep and mess it up :(
...*ahem*..what about meeeee :(
how to lose friends & alienate people.<<muuuy buena!!! no vienes hoy choros??? :(
it's a hot saturday morning! but it may rain ! :) --> if its rain. lucky u. :-(
nuttin layin down my stomach hurt :-( ... wassup wit u ???
deccan should win today... i just dont understand how it went down to 7 position... :(
it was fun. well, except for the part where i kept losing. :-( got to play cash game for awhile w/
i wish :(
my head hurts :(
i miss living in japan :( tokyo: more flowers than people :)
i know!!!! :-( ill be out tomorrow though
i dug up my old pokemon & digimon cd's... and i realised that the quality of the cd's suck. :(
i hope that my shoulder is just really, really sore and that i didn't injure it... :-( #fb
does ever reply to any of your dms... ?? :(
hmmm... i went to the guidence clinic today.... i still miss my billy-willy :(
the printing place people scanned my images as .tiff files and the smallest one is 131mb... they keep freezing my computer :(
chillis bound at thee moment :)<i never get invited :(
guns n´ roses ... :( ...
eh. sorry to hear that. :( are you up? how was your day?
and u didnt call me? thats the type of relationship we have now? :-(
~u like to fudderwagg? i like to fudderwagg!!~
yeah! im fine too.. hw s keralam? u always say its rainin here its bloody hot :(
i always do things like give them shoutouts and stuff and al that and never ever got one yet :( lol
tonight i can see the "old" i my loki'z eyes. i has a sad. :-(
i know, i'm craving them 2! i have some good ones my mom sent me back in montreal but i'm in nyc now :(
:( nooo. i left the stove on when i left to school. there was no one home and i remembered after 1st period. they...
i'm going to bed early :(
:( i'll adopt you.
this was possibly one of the craziest nights i've ever had. crazy in a good way, except for scrapin' kayla's car. :( besides that, though.
i hate that i have to go out of town to get any decent craft supplies :(
i know! woke my mum up too :(
the record was originally supposed to come out in april, although all signs are now pointing to a release date sometime in june. :( ...
currently researching how to be a police officer, and dammmmn ima need to start working out more! i cant even do a prone bridge :(
yea :( shame on you
oh :( okay twin, then u should go to sleep. sweet dreams. ttyt kay? loveyou tons<33
lol noooo it isnt :( haha
lols so then , what r u waiting for ? ;) haha xd baaaad influence , i'm so bad :( lol
chill , thats not nice :(
too far :(
maybe she's depressed :( her and reggie ya know?
:( being diffrent i guess isn't a good thing all the time.
se fue... u_u hola? :(
laper.ngga mood ngetweet :(
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
natta...follow gw dong. gw miskin followers nih. :(
ims orry :( but i love ur new default
ugreeh : eh don't unfollow your fans especially that's not nice to treat ure fans :(
no bbc american booth at wondercon. didn't see any dr.who merch either :( living vicariously though me sucks.
ilikee how ijust went bra shoppinq && qot measuredd && maa bras dnt fir me already smhh :(
priincesszbree**
shit, lost my rainbows :( walked withh a whole bunch of shit, no one helpedd clean up, waiting for ritas brotherr! cant wait till i go h ...
awww, we can be missing out together :(
i'm heading out, to collect some essentials. it's 2hours relaxation in curfew here. and i'm afraid! :( these people scares me out. :( #fb
lost 1 follower :(
heard were not working the same shifts anymore. :(
happy birthday sorry to hear about your wallet :( hope you are still having a good 21st and i owe you a drink!! love yaaa
:( i miss you lil shawty
mike was being harsh on gollum. poor smeagol :(
meein up wit n her friends at gravity..mad i gotta stand on da line by my sober self :(
i wish i had a fast metabolism :(
wassup wassup?knp re'?rt gudlak ya...udah denger crtnya, menyeramkan :(
my stomach hurts from all the slim jims :(
lol hahahha that's funny, i don't think it'd be the same with the bear :(
