aaw the end is so saad. sir aaron sacrifices himself then ash helps lucario and lucario ends up sacrificing himself for ash too. :(
thanks for the invite. :(
aw sorry about that. :(
omg follow me too? pleaseee! awh i wish i was on when you followed :( it will make my day (: haha
just give it a lil time and soon u'll be a twitter fiend, btw why aren't u following me? :(
i always cry with ur show :( ur such an amazing person,i hope more of america can see that!#foodrevolution
drinking tequila shots in th baf cave by myself :-(
overnights are my thing too... :( i wish i was gonna be there!
i need foooood ! ! ! i havent eatin since lik 11 . . wtheckkkk ali nnd corrina didnt feed mee : ( < hoe im not ur chef lol
cuz i wanted to go to madison this weekend :( i know i'm stupid
why gorgeous!? :(
i hope && night get better everyone just having a bad day :(
oh sweetheart! i wish i had longer on this break and i'd sit here talking to you...i hope you'll be okay <3 :(
why is it boring? :(
yesterday night was so funny :-(
oh god, chris brown is in that song?? i love that song!! :( well, loved, now i guess
i wanna go 2 the movies :-(
everybody got drunk without me :(
two of my grandmom's cats died :(
still no henny, smh.... :-(
mhmmm :( call him over
i just realized.. the guy i wanted by my side during er session, never showed up. as he said he would.... :(
just wolf up...my head is killing me :(
but you're ' married ' though : ( * sniffle *
home on a friday night with nothing to do :-(
no one made us the backround :( can someone please make us a backround ?? :) we will give you a huge shoutout if you do :)
ooh you're in vegas....i wish i could be there too. i'm jealous :( glad you're having a blast though!
i just want to thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday... i'll send personal thank yous when i get home my phone's dying :-(
me too! :( i'll be sad if you have to leave!!
twitter is really starting to feel like a one-sided convo bc none of my followers really tweet me....not even :(
really wish the last song was better :(
morning! i wish for better day :(
we don't have it in canada :(
nope :( do u know any page to see tvd episodes?
do ya love me,baby? :(
sick.. still :( what u wanna do?
dear sprite, please make my tummy stop hurting me. :(
cant be true! :(
we are lose :(
can stop, but i understand where she is coming from as well. :( she just doesn't want anything bad to happen to you
im so mad i didnt get to see #highsociety on wed. so to day i turn to watch and #antm love it but still :(
i wish my face wasn't breaking out.. #nofun :-(
aww. where are you from? :(
just us i believe cause canada doesnt have one :(
just checked, it is. :(
:( i send you bourbon betty love
can stop, but i understand where she is coming from as well. :( she just doesn't want anything bad to happen
i didnt geet questions in my inboox :o wooah im disappointed :(
i hate listening to old yellowcard b/c it brings back some of the best memories of my life that i wish i could have back. :( i miss my past.
skool on monday :( oh well
watching 12 rounds by myself ! parents are pumpkinss.... :(
apparently, i don't pay attention enough to play poker :( the law has been laid down, i am a mere spectator...
lol i need a tweet off ndubz now its 6! :( loool x
heard the door bell. my clam chowder has arrived. now all i need is a blender and i have my dinner . . . :(
ummm that was wednesday. i called u twice, no answer :(
i'm afraid i got a lil bit too old to like naruto too :(
i feel like i am going to pass out, omfg :(
i miss you. where are you? :( still in dreamland?
work, it'll be a long day 2day.... :-(
:( i spent my whole vacation home, what misery!!!
could use a good cuddle. :(
ngayon pa lang matutulog. grabe. all because gusto kong matapos na agad yung advanse. :( i'll have to wake up pa ng 2.30..
aww :( sorrry !! do u still have the pic ?
fuzzy eyesight & poor concentration. :(
i was kidding. :( don't cry
hell yea i missed you shit i neva known :(
& sent return, it came back to me for some reason, emailed twice and did not return emails! :(
tummy on fire .... laying down ughhh #offthis :(
i wish i wasn't goin :( i wish i kud go to twins. =( >> awwww o welll =p
ladies, can i get a follow back??? it is #ff friday :-(
i never get followers much either :(
lucky you! i wish i knew them!! :(
