qopi apah dpiqa ? ntr qmuwh htam xpertieh qopi gmna ?? ngidam starbucks nee . hari ini harus belii :(
stalker kitty's officially gone :( i actually might cry....shoulda taken him when i had the chance
bang ini apakabarnya gw :( udah sampe di rumahnya chussy, jauh benerrr....
i was going to masturbate before bed tonight but nothign to spank my weenie to :(
going to my room.....gonna be extra bored for awhile :( eww
yeah! i know! that's why i wanna see it, but i can't find it! :(
yang punya contoh ppt kartul kirim ke email saya dong....please.stuck nic :(
here's kitty!! she's really scared to come out. :( haven't even touch her yet.. :(
have you seen my efforts? i'm trying to make you a trending topic! not working :( #lucastill
i don't have that cable :(
alicia is being 'retarded' and i'm watching new moon.. by myself.... :(
fuuuck i scratched my rim on the curb :(
lack of sleep. 12 hour work day. not one full meal. headache. stress. i threw up about it :(
i wanna go home already!! :(
i really miss my sister :(
and i was wrong about working at 2 tomorrow i work at 12 :( but don't worry i'll still be there at 8 :)
sema" bekantan ijoo rt: tengkyu bekajing :) be tough! ;) rt: strong outside fragile inside :(
awwww chris :(
yes, the screening is the sixth at 8:00 p.m. it is $15 per ticket and i dont have anyone to take me :(
you're cute :). if only you loved jesus like i do :(
hahaha! gets the prize. hyphen & gs52. unfortunately gs52 became someone else's all star :-(
okay about to finish watchin friday then hittin the shower..gotta wrk tomorrow :-( ..soo guess this is good night tweetums..nitey nite !!<3
ah! bloody pain waking me up! :(
fact that broke my heart: they never actually gave the kids that big glowing piece of the radical rock. :(
sorry i can't make it for the museum thingy! :(
guess wht?? br bangun jd gak jd jamilnya :( hehe..rt banget fem!! aduuuhhh pasti mantaffff!
i think they're funny. i even composed 1 to try to get retweeted but you did not bite. :-(
hate doinqq badd lil qurlss fuccin hairr :( omww too my bedd
sometimes friday nights r super boring : (
idont think is qettinq mah bbm's cuhs she won't reply to me :(
going to sleep.. niight fam..! feeling sum type of way :(
watch out lil sis for he is so mean :(
i need a gooood asss back rub!! #seriously :-(
i feel like straight poop and am on the verge of throwing up every 5 minutes. :(
happyy 44th birthdayy to mah moms. :)) ... i gotta admitt i miss her. :(
im bored :( wanna play tic tac toe?
depression sucks. how can someones dreams be so close yet so far away :(
but he is not truly insane!!! but people really think he is :(
harias tu lo mismo poniendo un tweet? :( #kevinpleasetweet
i don't wanna spam either :(
can anyone recommend any good basketball courts open late in/around koreatown? i live in k-town but don't know. :(
lmao i used to drink it to get fucked up but that shit is nasty! aww the french :( i soo miss college!
sorry :( again?? tonight ? i'm busy. bought a bunch dvd's and books. movie tonight with
i use so ppl will know which of their tweets i'm reacting / commenting on...is rt'ing a social faux-pas? i'm sowwy :(
misses watching movies in theaters *lagi na lang kasing download* :(
realize that u're not in this world forever but i still keep on praying for you. may you rest in peace. amien :(
what about me what about mouse :(
damn. not fun. <-- it's not fun :(
i know ! i miss you :(
i'm writing, don"t have time to read right now :(
i miss so much. :(
someone some how got into my backyard and stole my wallet :(
:( u going to his place now?
ohh i love snacking.. ♥ but i'm getting fat.. :( blame it on the food...
been pulled already... :(
wao i'm followed by ! yeah i love too! but i can read spanish very very little... sorry :(
so you saying i'm a shitty cook? tears :(
where's my baby ? i aint flirt w| him all day =(<i noo!! ur slacking :( «*sigh* =*
stupid person who stractched the dvd. won't lett us finish ponyo. :(
:( i hatehatehate reading about animal cruelty.. djndsjsddwens
chilling w/ ashley, kyle, & ryne! tireeeed :(
i realy need a coffee shop, my pad and pen, a dozen or so strangers and about two solid hours. but it will have to wait till i have time :(
my tweetdeck lost... :( so i cant see your tweets to me!
i did. i can't see a yellow play button :(
dang i missed it... :( dumb movies...
anyone wanna go to atx sunday to see voodoo glow skulls with me? i'm missn their show tomorrow here :(
:-( tooth pain 4m hell ='-(
mimmimi , kd o :(
:( comeee mrss
the internet told me that my 27 inch tires would fit these 700c wheels. the internet lied :(
i am loving this hotel room, too bad i hve to leave at like 4 in the morning. :(
q:i missed it :( go on tinychat tomorrow then.... a:if im home im on it
dang it! missed new episode of smallville tonight! :(
#jonasbrothers isnt number one anymore :(
i miss you boyfee! :(
aww no cradle robbing tonight :( <--- i dont even wanna know
watching madonna's sticky and sweet tour on vh1 i wanna go to the yardsale tomorrow. its in whitter :(
i found a fuckin grey hair! :( wtf yo
they all can't be me ;) --rt this dj isn't fun like the usual corrosion djs that are at the shows i shoot :(
cause they said its "inappropriate" :(
awwww u liar!!! lol it didn't work :(
hey stfu, i'm proud of myself! be proud for me! geez :(
lol i'm really not laughing tho :(
i got work 315 11 :(
nasibb nasiib :( tp indak jd lo do...kak iti piket lo..:(rt ikut udaa (cont)
call me. i need to talk to you. i was sleeping. :( rant to meee!
i hope you don't feel blamed. please don't feel blamed. :(
why does hulu suck so hard for me?! :(
fgs. took my boots back that i bought 2 days ago coz there broken and they didn't have my size so got my money back :(
guess wat u never gave me moree followers :(
yess :( i wrote on you're facebook wall like just a hour ago lol saying we havent talked in a while lol
light off :(
just got back from motuihe island as a volunteer. i ran from one end to the other to get help for a wounded pukeko and they just shot it :(
my salary money her mod laew :( «ohoo,, mod leaw?
i'm fucked :(.. new crutch tip stuck in some dirty clothes and now i can't find the damn thing :(
yea me 2 lol :) and i lost another follower :(
just ordered some corn bread and it has jalapenos in it, wft!! :(
i think i have a caffeine addiction. :(
i'm having turbo kick withdrawals.... haven't taught all this week or next :( let's do turbo at the park tomorrow! it'll be fun!
ahh i'm flipping out since i can't text :( she doesnt have a phone right now fyi....
i seem to be stuck at 1.596 :( fml lol
i think i'm to late for having a conversation with :(
emang ada liks? waktu itu gue cari gada :( bb app worldrt ada yg tauu ngga sih download twitter for  dmnaa
please bantuin gue nyelesain rubiks mirsor gmn :(
i want to eat dinner but he's not here. :(
awww my birthday is over... :-(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
really poor ordering system at kazbar. waitress is making the place look bad :(
i miss the "beam me up scotty" nicki minaj :(
my cockerspaniel got hit by a car :( but she's okay luckily!
missed the concert :( hangin out in long beach now lol
i work all weekend so i think i'm goin 2 b stuck watching this lord of the rings trilogy :(
my plan today?! nothing.. i wanna go to mall or whatever!! absolutely with my friends :( my sucks long weekend
you didn't reply :(
you are such a amazing girl. but idk if it will work. :( . idk what to do. missing out on someone great
as if my best friend has had to ring me crying at 4 in the morning. no one deserves to be treated like that. love you :(
oi my mom wants my to join choir :(
hmmm.. suruh nyokp nmenin tante bli hp baru.. no mood at all :(
:( :( :( aigoo heart haha.
i ment : (
i "meesh" you too :(
allergies once again robbing me of my youth. :-(
:-(
no cash for that. :( gotta make due with what i got
wat alarm for what?? don't wake up early! i don't wanna wake up early :(
goin to sleep i guess :( goodnight. ily.:
those animal cruelty commercials are funny af lmfao.-no they are sad af! im a animal lover :(
guess i'll just have to split some series into multiple discs. :(
i know exactly how you feel. :/ sometimes i feel like no one's ever gonna like me. i'm 16 and no one has ever liked me before :(
q:oh well im gonna miss talkin to ya den :( a:sigh... can you just tell me
my phone is about to be finito' :(
