:( <3 i love you.
no but ur either tired or sick or sad :( so now what's making u sad?
miss you too !!!!! :( mwaaaaach my! :* :) hahaha . gak papa kok sayang :)rt
:( but we all know ur not rly a slut
my reply is no :(
you are my imposible love :(
feeling the need to see my big bro. :( i miss him and his rugrats..
alright we only just managed to surface and have a lot of cleaning to do, so i don't think it's gonna happen today. :(
thank you ange. haha yea i shud get better! bc i have midtest next week :(
i'm so sorry to hear that hun :( don't worry about showing emotions god sees your heart ☺ ♥
yatenkaiouh is being a poor texting buddy tonight. :(
aduh ketinggalan hot shot :(
holy crap! gotta eat something, my blood sugar is getting dangerously low :(
oh ctm que triste :( llorareeeeeee u-u #titanic :c pta wn i want a gf like rose *0*
im sorry doug :(
only a second??? awwww:( :( :(
watchuu dealin widd loozaah ; i see i'm not good enough for uu -- u don't pay me nooo mind :(
:(
i know right? :-(
bitch you're not on yahoo :(
she fell off a chair and went face first onto tiles :(
ahh im sooo flipping bored! i cant even study! someone talk to meee! :(
=o lucky you there not comeing over here so i dont get a chance to :( but i won a signed copy of there book :)
now, i'm worried/anxious/concerned. :(
man i really my bff is okkk :( i'm tiref of waitn in this waiting room
i know :( i really feel like i wont get anymore :(
aww what's wrong? my day already been crazy. i don't want u sick;( i'm sick ronnie!!! and alone in the house :-(
oh god. that is heartbreaking :( y did u have to leave?
so so so many things on my face that i dislike. give me a fix :(
we love you too! and we'll miss you :(
no i am!!!!!!! grrr :-( lolrt #ff the coolest and awesomest person,
njar. yah he love all of his fans. but u should have seen the way he looked at us. (us from denmark to the dome) :(
ugh! school starts monday :(
i wish people would look at the time before they dial that phone. waking up the whole house in the middle of the night ain't nice :( at all!
it does hurt :( ouch. sorry that happened to ya
ipin.. did you switch off your phone? :(
i support but she doesnt follow me :( lol
people aren't watching :( omg how is that possible
i'm not gunna lie...i miss you a lot right now :(
so sleepy at work!!! :(
rtrtrt please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
it's not only the americans, unfortunately. bieber hate tweets + fanatics = permanent position in tt :(
ohh noah :( i hope the cut is not too bad ill be prayn tht it heals quickly :o) how old is noah?
no one remembers those days anymore. :( so sad. i still have my 1st model palm pilot, too. red. leather case.
really? it's never asked me for my location. i guess i'm not special enough. :(
ha i love you, im car shopping on carmax :( lol i really don't care, i just want a car !
whatever illness i have, my daughter now has it too :(
well...i guess im staying in tonight :(
i reeeeaaaallllyyyy want to. and i would. but it being easter on sunday, im pretty sure thats what theyre here for :(
sukses surprise birthdaynya td hihiw tp ga sempet :(
my name should be in this list somewhere! :( haha
after so much vietnamese food i feel like i'm going to burst.. so sleepy now.. :(
i wanted to meet you guys so bad right now but my friend is having an asthma attack and we have to bring her to the hospital. :(
going to the next beach and rent a boat to snorkle. too bad i can't go snorkling today :(
ahhh i can't find my charger :(
yeah! mine's boring and "posh" :(
if i only had the money for shipping. and, ya know, knew where to buy them now. :(
i'm going to the movies w/o u :(
nah dude. ugh i want to tell her but i can't :(
feeling like crap. terribly sick where it hurts to walk. i want my pity party :(
ughhhhhh. :(
bro..i smashed my lip..you're not gonna love me anymore :(
awwwn tb polly :(
i am so tired... but i am leaving in a few hours, and i know if i sleep, i'll miss my trip :(
ill pick-up my dad tonight in the airport. that means no ipad for me yet. :( booo!
what's wrong? i am so sad right now :-(
jeremy dont become a vamp :(
hay. :) sorry you didn't get your smoothie. :( my mom wouldn't let me have an icee at the movie theater either.
ugh! school starts monday :(
u may be an exception but ur not doing a good job of proving it lol. i may have to retire "j'adoreman"...he no love me :-(
aww hun :( wow thts a lot to take, just pray everything turns out ok & i'll continue to keep u in my prayers
are people eating chocolates without me?? :(
there not the same anymore tho so serious and not as loose as they use to be i miss that about them :(
the laker game lets go! <- baby what about our date? i'm already dressed :-( > lmfao *dead* date ko..date ni
how long does it take 2 fall in love :( ; love hurts
i miss him already. :-(
tried it already and it failed :( trying the "penny trick"
i thought it might take me 5 hours to do our taxes, and it actually took 6.75 hours! :( so glad to be finished and getting a refund. :)
:( i would send you delivery if i lived closer than 2275 miles away.
:( waaahhhh i wanted that bourque jersey so baaaddd!! #flamestweetup
i'm sorry but i can't give up my diet sprite.i know it has sodium in it,just found out..but i can't :(
i rele wish i can tlk 2 someone but i cant. :(
can't afford it in the budget... :( grossly sad about it...
lyiahhh long time no speak :( !
what happened, bb??? :( *cuddles with*
shiiit i was supposed to go c clash of the titans w/ my friend today but my ass is still sick :(
today blows :(
thats so sad :( #sithtriste
heey melii whats upp ? i cant sleep :(
i know! :) davey is cute :) but i didnt see them on there :(
wow!!!!!! no this hasn't become weird at all...... :( missing someone.......nothing a little rum can't fix!!!
seeing everyone all burnt today made me sad! :( stupid work. making me work 11-7 on an awesome day! boo
girl can get it! any place any time...i done told him i ♥ed him..he jus laughed :(
axl rose :( so bad. i used to love him...
just logged onto gaia and it's been a while. i wish i could convert my gaia gold to poupee ribbons. 21,302,557g just sitting there... :(
aww man! i just now saw that! i'm already gone :( don't party too hard haha
aww thats nicee :) haha im so out of creativity! like siggs mixes icons nothing is coming out good :(
finished watching hannah montana season finale .. so sad :(
that's a police state my timeline seems dead.did i just get blocked for tweeting about that arundhati roy livestream :(
makanya......klau tidur jgn koprolrt sakit leher....again,again,agaiiinnn !!!! :( :(
nobody would watch our twitcam? you guys disappoint me. :( sad katie.
fatty ?! are you fucking joking ?! put ur own pic up you fucking loser! oh ya u can't cause ur scared :(
man! i was gonna make flied lice, but i forgot to make the lice! :(
first time i been to the movies w/ out "him".....it makes me so sad :(
hey semangat herlis! just put smile on your face and it'll bring your goodmood in the whole day :) not a good day.. :(
knowin i'm sore n no help !!! :-( lol hahaahrt u couldn't wait for me wtf (cont)
illona just asked me "do u need proactive?" i said no, she said "well maybe just a little". wtf?! :( she's only 9!
im jealous. i wish i was going tonight too! :-(
#jonasbrothers :) :) :) come to australia or i'll die. :(
i feel like i lost my bestfriend but this is what i feel is right :(
jeesh i need a major foot massage. we're talking deep tissue here. :(
i have 2 cousins. one is 9 months. the other(the 1 i had today) is 11 months, and legally blind :(
yes. he really kind of hates me rn. :(
awe im sryy :( i wish you could be here hunnnnn
feeling alone ass hell- :(
is feeling terrible!! ughhhh :( i'm sick....
my tummy hurts :( i need a backrub.
#fact i listen to nivea--love hurts cause that's how i feel sometimes :(
working tomm 11-7...hubbys at work... missin my hubby <3 kinda got ditched today by my bestie but its whatev.... :(
rtrtrt please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
free hugs :(
i hate how never anwsers my phone calls :(
soooo, im totally free today. what am i gonna do? noth to do :( ive done all my task. seems like im having my long weekend without any plan.
i miss the times when replied me :( miss it so much
awwwwh i sowwy :( well a friend wouldn't do that;; is it a fun party or is it like beat x|
going to bed!!! nothing to do! :(
dudes... jamie oliver is making me cry :(
never get a reply from :(
right i need to go its 11 pm and my eyes are droping of :(
#jonasbrothers :) :) :) come to australia or i'll die. :(
aint shyt chillin bouts 2 head wit da homies...i thought u was comin 2 ny wah happened :-(
where's kevin?. we miss him :(
no he isn't on at the moment :(
i could go but idk wht to wear. thats always a problem with me. & i didnt get to go to the mall today :(
