just got pulled over. pray i don't get a ticket :(
my lil cuz gave me a flower earlier and i put it in my hair but now its dead :( lol --> bwahahaha
when i need u most,but u leave me like that ! :(
that's terrible! ghost tours during holy week. : (
damn jonny dnt get no smileys back ? :( *..<< :-)
i still think i'm dying :( i hate bing sick!!! damn allergies!!
she cant breath and i dont know if shell make it :(
they're burnt :(
reading some twets of the person i love hurts me so bad. i'm shaking right now. i just wish i never played the game i did with him. :( tears
this is the first easter i haven't got any eggs. :-(
am sooooo fucking tired! and working ot tomorrow...i don't think i am gonna make the art show.. :( maybe..
know :( haha wats up ??
what ever! im not that oyung...smh you and treat me like a baby :(
lool but you've met them whaaay more times than me though! i've only met them twice :(
stomach is still hurting! :( need to work on my test when i get home from church
i dont even have anyone to go out with :( thats sad
yes i got april fooled by :( lmfaooo *but why u had to it ?.
so sad :( triste historia hahaha
:( think i lost my phone...grrr i haven't seen it since i left bc on wednesday
sadly no i didn't ride the ferris wheel :(
ok , nao é brincs. oasidoasid ou é . brincs por que? :(
have fun! :(
me too :(
haha aww sorry! :( i didnt mean to miss it!
on a man date with harold. :(
i want his arms around meee.
and kisses. :(
i wanna play sims. i'm considering putting sims 1 back on the computer cos it's the only one that works :( haha
hey we havent talked in ages :(
q:im sorry :( a:it's all good
i haven't eaten since 10am-----»ma'm,handle that,intense :(
dying over here... i cough it feels like glass cutting my throat. i swallow it feels like glass cuttin my throat... ahhhh!!! :-(
miss my housee :(
aaay betee :(
ummm maybe? it's so uncomfortable :(
miss my family soo bad :(
happy:) and have a weird situation :(
yep. i know :(
did you try to put the new ones in? :(
yeah..we have sam's and costco. i keep forgetting to get a sam's card :(
ditto oh chapter what am i going to do with you? :(
yeah, i know about podcast. unfortunately i don't listen very often. :-(
delete baby, i can't :(
this is the first time being in my grandmothers house since she passed! it feels so empty without her voice! :(
keeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep holding on :(
:( that sucks & i relate. my wrists r like that. pain killers don't help w this pain. just not moving it. (via
lost footy :(
ugh basketball tourney alll tomorrow gotta be there at 8 :( ugh first game with the team hope i dont suck !
back hurting more than ever . urghhhh help me :(
no :( we are seeing shutter island. i wasn't in charge of picking obviously.
i've seen accounts get banned from jock pics being the avatar. however hot it may be, i would vote against it. :-(
y does life gotta b so hard especially wen yu a teen :(
the last song was so sad. :(
i would if could, but sadly, i can't :(
i don't like the coyotes chances if the rangers make the playoffs :( every time the rangers win the coyotes lose!
i was tha biggest tomboy #backintheday .. no boys liked me aha :( .
heran, sabtu pagi gini kok muacet? :( #onlyinciledug menuju plaza senayan utk lovely bone-ing
