artist wanted to know how his painting was doing. realized i haven't taken any pictures of my place because i broke my camera. :(
omg! im scared to drive now. so sad :(
mr munk u got me hungry now :( lol xx
shit! i forgot it was good friday and i just ate pork. :( dammit!
its what we do :) :( i'dk how stylists stand for hours. my back is killing me
awwww i wanna see why did i get married 2 :-(
just finished the first disk ... i already cried once :(
ahhhh, the time has come. shower then work! :(
driving with one knee tweeting :) let me stop before my face look like :(
i wish i was at 4-h. :(
i need u and i miss u ! :(
estoy en depresion xq charlie sheen deja la serieeeee :( :(
on my way to the club wit keisha to celebrate rochelle bday but im feelin lazy :(
hahaha, then you can share that with me (: ahah! me to, never will though haha :( xx
:( hope hes okay alesia! ill keep him in my thoughts and prayers..
awwwww thanks boo jus gna have to do it all again :(
i wished :(
-sing- sneaking over to twitter again. did tami deleted? :(
owchhhh :( just slapped and punched me cause i called sexy and she says 'he's mineeeeeeeeeeeeeee' piss off. it hurt.
exactly what i was thinking! but its not the polar bears friend :(
*throws fit* fuck! my lunch over. 3 mo hrs! *rubs belly* come on nevaeh we can make it :( a lil longer!
the worst feelin n the world #beingsick & havin no 1 2 take care of u :(
yeah, it totally sucks. she took my phone away. :(
:-(
thanks! and you're no help. :(
i just walked by the apple store and my laptop turned into an 8-track player. :(
nooooo we don't want to leave :(
r u guys done filming :-( im so mad i didnt get to see ya'll goin' back to cali...
i'm gonna get me a southern man. they've got more manners, act more like gentlemen & are all around better than these ny men :(
i'm still waiting for mine after applying on the 11th... :(
i took photos on my mobile phone and my mobile phone has broken this year, lost the photos of doi tour sob :( xxx
missn u already :-( #lovinguhere
match was sooooo close :(
we wanted you to come but you were gettin ur hair done. :( cause i was def gonna ask you.
thats what my mama said :/ apparently.. for some people her ass is blocking the message.. :(
my grammy has a dime-size lesion on her lung & a lit up node. :-(
no :( im hoping he comes back to texas in the second leg of the tour. im going to be in brazil :(
back at home the bitch made me leave so she could rape my sea star :(
outside st james armenian church... // yuck...seems contrary to the church's mission. :(
just woke up and then gonna catch my breakfast a.s.a.p maagku kambuh :(
still feel wicked sick :( getting ready to go to 's soon
layin in my comfy ass bed..i dnt wanna start getting ready :( i don't even wanna go out today..i'm too relaxed
hates me! :(
aww i feel sorry for you :(
please people? ask me questions.. i'm really bored. :(
queeeria ser o teddy :( (@wesleyiporti live on
nothin :( wbu?
hi ho, hi ho...it's off to work i go... :(
awweeeee my nita. :( i would share if u were here
ooooooooooooi gnt. to triiste :(
i know i got that at home im just not feeling it as much neither u no :( what are we gona doooo! * skips to shop :)
move to 'sauga or durham region! cheaper than to! don't move ottawa way i'd be sad cuz then we could probably never visit :(
aww man! my feet have always been my downfall... :(
i have no life anymore :(
dang so how i suppose to kno :(
im going off this now.. i wanna watch a movie but i dunno which one :(
i still ♥ u but today #ie was more unstable than the mayo clinic at full capacity, so i was forced 2 cheat w/ #firefox :(
on break. work til close tonight. man are we busy :(
<miss bubbles >
going to eat, looking like crap. doesn't care. misses jake. :(
damn house! i wish it could clean itself!! :( anyone wanna help?
:( no ricky this week ruins my line up!
ok so i think i've downloaded the old ubertwitter :/ its so dull and ugly! how do i get the new 1 back :( help guys!!!
lying in bed. tbh i feel pretty let down by a number of people atm. including myself. :( ipod on shuffle to help me <3
aw that sucks :(
work was boring till . lool she sed if there wasnt any cctvs ill box ur face. loool i was hoping they did . shame they didnt :( loool
my nose is so itchy :(
sian. plans spoilt for tonight. shall just stay home and be good. :(
so so cold :( eff you mr weather man for predicting a sunny day and having it turn out cold :'(
why so i even try to explain when what i say is never understood :(
hw...i have 2 make an balloon car :( then algerbra :( b back later. alligater
i'm using her back up but still... i lost all the followers i had and stuff. :(
its a good thing i didnt pay for the race tickets though :(
podia ser uma roxa ou uma preta ou uma branca :s :( (@yeah_clothing live on
i want that last achievement in just cause 2, curse you vanderbildt
leisureliner. :(
:( sad day!
at work til four :(
titanic always makes me cry like an asshole :( damn it
yep. loans. :(
wait wait wait. do you have one of those? cause unlesss im losing my memory, i dont think i've seen one of you :(
i would, but im on my way to delaware :(
he is picking through the garbage in grand central :(
that's not till nine thirty :(
it could have been worse, he could have been a paraplegic (yes i'm butting in) but on a serious note, awh that's a shame :(
youre not following me :(
awwwww he leaving :(
oooh haha yay thanks!!! so what is your name? (though ill probably forget, bad memory) :( lol
i feel reallyyy ill :(
i just can't get into that one. even though i like a lot of jon foreman's stuff. sorry : (
lol! i was really worried wen i cudn find u..lol! anyways im ok oh..hav so much bloody wrk 2 do bt im 2 lazy!! :( hws u?
ghal6at 3omri 7a6ait el tv on a table. it should've been in the damn wall. my neck hurts :(
i bought ray bans. now i'm out of money :(
the day that replies to me will be the day that dogs meow and cats bark :(
i'm colddddddddd shakin :-(
plus she left the bathroom n took my new pair of socks :(
cause i knew youd say no :-(
it's disappointing how i have about 2,000 more songs on my itunes than i do on my itouch. :(
tito! i missed you!!!!!! you did not hug me yesterday. you forgot about me :(
baby how r u :(
rt: please find my kitty :( he is lost. #yyc #calgary #mackenzietown
the line at the history center is insane. don't think i'm going to get to see lord stanley. :(
tarp|
why does the city keep taking our tarp off? it takes my sister hours to make and only seconds to be taken off!! not happy :(
ok where the hell is sunday it is hiding on me :(
will it ever show its face?
ugh i need to see that movie :( i just landed in bk to see my dad
it's so cold in my house :(
iyaa makasih ya may :( *lebay ah ahahrt turut berduka cita ya sa inalilahiwainailaihiroziun :( my fish is
im extremely bummed. i so was geared up for #motogp this weekend and it's next weekend.. i don't get #bsb here :(
where is ?? i ret to go :(
:( rainy saturdayy whyy noww of all the daaayss
we tried a counselor for a whole year. :( have you suggested that? not sure if it is an option for you??
it ain't no sin! :( ffuuu.
you saw it!!! i really wanted to....but couldn't get tickets :(
my sister sleeping with me tonight :( crap lol
maybe tomorrow...i'm too pressed for time/too lazy to do it now! :(
listening to + it's mostly mentions of power outages + lions gate bridge closure. oh, they just said john forsyth died. :(
what are you doing for easter? i really think its important that you go to church with your boo. ...i wish mine was here :(
oh i missed my 5,400th tweet :(
up at daddies :) going to watch the boy in the striped pyjamas or something :(
mmmk.... i miss you :( ... your phone still off?
fucked it up last night :( you get last minute plans too? *daps* everybody rollin' to vegas this weekend, surprised you ain't
why you may ask? you baby sister's performance in why did i get married 2 was filled with raw emotion. i had a melt down :-(
no clubbin tonight feeling nauseous :( amsterdam possibly?
wakeee up! :(
omg! that's suuuuch bs, and that sucks so much! :( :( :( :( :(
awwww man :( i'm getting here now i'm going to see if anyone wants to go get you
hey guys, i'll be back later. i'm fine, but my phone has been taken away. :(
that workout left me feeling weak :-(
they told me just to write em :(
did i mention that my production studio is still down :( no beats..uuuuuggghhh!!!!
fuck i have a fever. haven't had one in years! #fuckacoldman :(
i might get out of bed soon.. but its so comfy :(
darn. you get extra points then. :(
i can't warm to matt even from the adverts.... he isn't the dr.... :(
