hmm :(
my big, fat, swollen foot tells me that i may have pushed it a little too much the past 2 days. time for some ice before bed. :(
lmao i tried that, but it was taken :(
where did my twitter bestie go :(
come whenever the others do, i will be heartbroken if no one makes the time :(
yeah. my mom called me. my husband & daughter wished me a happy birthday but my son never did : (
#chuletasinc coming soon :(
wish i was with you :( be safe daddy!
my phone is being stupid again. will january just come already so i can get an iphone? :(
yea im dying to meet someone who loves the #jonasbrothers as much as i do. :( in school..atleast.
idk :( maybe not. idk what to doooooooooo! how bout you?
that sucks :(
i miss the "beam me up scotty" nicki minaj :(
one more hour. :(
i hate guys... their all douche bags and i hate being sunburned :(
orry :( had tons of those this week.
i miss :-( miss you too! how are you?
i still feel super sick :( but...its just a cold. sigh.
i'm with you. i know i'll forget someone and hurt their feelings. :(
i've always been bad at commitments :(
i dont even know lol this week went by so quickly! :( im already going back to school on sunday.
my bro yelled about the car :(
aww i'm fighting with my new friend :(
:( sorry i cant make a video for you this weekend :(
you owe me a laptop case :(
its my only weekend night off. im so bored! i have to close tomorrow night :(
hehe, would love to go to the beach but need to let my body recover. i went for a walk earlier in the week and got sicker. :(
yall my voice is really gone so if you need me text me. :-(
oi bed »» i agree #u bullyin me aswell benga :(
honestly jo i am . that's y i'm serious about losing weight i am not all healthy :( lol but it'll be worth it ♥яr
i gtg my teacher is bothering me.... :(
:( why am i/we not cool anymore?
enjoy out there :)... sorry things didnt pan out.... :( all good
watching star trek with cade&carlito...i guess devin isn't calling :(
that is messed up :-(
i be stupid :( ice cream is the worst thing to eat when u have a sore throat d:
rip justice moyer. our justice system will be much worse off without you. :(
but grammar checks are far harder to implement than spelling checks. :(
i kinda agree with him! haa my brother says don't get the ipad but get macbook.. :(
needs too txt me :(
my stomach is going to explode. there will be spinach, tomatoes and mushrooms all over my newly covered room. :(
no comments??? :(
#fact guys on the westside look better than the guys on the eastside -- i'm from the eastside :(
first speeding ticket in seven or eight years just ruined my weekend. :-(
what about me? :(
ahh, now i don't feel good :(
but i can't do nothing, mez alone and bored :(
yeah well x) crying over what?! :(
such a bad headache i'm neither hungry nor tired :(
listening to britney's albums. aaaawww at time like this i miss wayne (@shinuichi) :(
mmmm tuna pancakes they only have it in pasadena«« damn i didn't try it :( next time :)
i'm like the only one asking you questions on here. :( yeah, well, i tend to forget about it too. i had...
because im sad haha. i knew him before he even blew up on youtube. :( before all the 'miley' videos. i can't really explain.
meet my big brother... :( <3 (e kore koe e warewaretia aroha pumau na to whanau)
there you go wit that shit.....smmfh<< i need some "special attention" nd ur not givin it to me :(
serious? :( i was hoping it would be enjoyable, should i really not play it at all? other people seem to have liked it...
i couldn't access it the link you provided... :(
i think i waited too long to clean it and it got sick :-( the other two don't look very alive either. they might be next :-(
mio tv dont have tonight's soccer match :( lousy
aww never watched that one :( it was always wild force, ninja storm and dino thunder xd the last two were filmed in nz lol
i'm becoming a fan of these vampire weekend characters.. i wish their show at stubb's wasn't sold out :(
#vampirediaries is another gr8 show! what did u think of #smallville tonight? i was disappointed 2 see a filler after hiatus :(
ok gotta double tommorow..so knocking out early effin exhausted.. 11am-9pm :(
he sounds a little weird! :(
lol no i just been busy! and stupid blackberry doesn't have the best battery :(
hahahahaha. well he still hasn't tweeted me :(
the wind scares me :( not kidding either..like i won't even get out of my bed to fix my door(the wind did it)
wish i could :-( lol
i hate the sound of the phone hanging up. :(
aww no :( did anything happen?
i tell genvvy :(
the yarn i bought is not going to work. :( need to take it back and find something else.
daamn! just called me gross :(
i need a razor && i need to get a new bar of soap someone fucking used my soap smh :(
i dont have any upcoming shows :( not yet anyway!! very soon!
just wanna say sorry again layla... those tics went to waste and money went to waste. i'm sorry.hope ur not mad :(
i'm starting to understand what my friends are saying. i need to get off of twitter and live my life [not meaning to sound harsh] :(
hahahaaa.. totallyy get it..! i'm still stuck tho.. :(
dang it… now i want a paw paw tree… no more room. :(
i wish i got into 1up yours (and gfw radio) sooner, i had a good year and change or so with it before the first wave of drama. :(
i just got a lot of bad news in a short amount of time. the worst is our costumes didnt show up in the mail today. :(
how i wish i couldrt nooo move over here :(
that sucks so bad. i'm sorry. :(
ooooh yeah :( i forgot about themes. crap.
mimimi the used :( emoponto lembra quem? uahsauh parei
it's april 3rd! happy #ipad release day!!! i might just go to the apple store and watch everyone else get their ipad! :-(
omfg. what a bitch! i'm so sorry :( she's no worth it and you have real friends unlike her :) lova ya<3
u didn't invite me :( i wish and wuz here at da flite with us!
you're only 23, and i want to see you get to 24. :(
everyone is talkin bout y did i get married too! i wana see it!! :(
lol too daggone early. 4 am. i have to drive :(
i am hungry :(
oi bed »» i agree #u bullyin me aswell benga :( » nope #imjustsayin go bed
:( *tear* have some vodka for me
amien..rt realize that u're not in this world forever but i still keep on praying for you. may you rest in peace. amien :(
ditto! i've felt like crap last 3 days... no discernable symptoms, just -- as you say -- bleh. :(
no ears no no back away from the bunny ears, ouch sniff :( oh wait you means a chocolate bunny, that's ok then
for once jared died! aha, oh well :( and i'm guessing there's a house of wax 2?
figuring out the music for tmrw's show and i just found out omarion came to the mo last week. wtf! i'm so outta the loop :(
i wanna go c why did i get married too...too bad i have nobody to go with :-(
i miss you boy :(
needs too txt me :(
nooo not k. it's sad :(
ckckck..rt i wanna marry someone. :(
awe man :( is evelyn going?
es que no nay :(
been falling off my twitter game... :(
i wish i could but i ended up at the house :( watching 007
son of a bitch! studio session canceled : ( that's all i was looking forward to doing tonight.
i've always been bad at commitments :(
at appebee's. just got my entree. all i have to say is, no love. :(
i want followers :(
some days your the dog and other days your the hydrant!!!!! :-(
:-( i was at work today...one of the ladies at work asked where we needed her...and i thought...in the kitchen were you belong...
they b trying to play me.. :(
my display picture changer lover! miss you like robin misses batman when he's out at the disco :(
what exactly do you mean by drama? :( does she have a fb or anything like that? i would love to keep in touch
hmm . . that wasn't exactly turning me up either . lmfao . and you stopped bbming me :( smh .
aw man! you didnt ff me. :( oh well, theres always next week
i wish i was with my brother and sister for easter :( but i am excited about the chocolate!! lolol who else is excited??
mmmm. i'm okay, just exhausted & stuff, ya know? my brain hurts from thinking/worrying so much. :(
aww me tengo que ir :( keep tweeting #nickjonas #joejonas #kevinjonas #jonasbrothers #kevinpleasetweet do it 4 the jobros!
really sorry to hear about that :( if it's too hard you can always delete the box off of your page. it's what i did
aww. kk! i wanted to fist pump with u today! :( .....
i'm so hungry :(
he won't do it. guess i'm headed home tomorrow :(
:( today really is fuck you friday
tick tock tick tock.. faster come back :( imy.
i don't have :( guess mark and spencer blouse, zara hot pants, esprit watch, kwanpen bag, topshop
i don't want to wake my mum though, so it's the best i can get :(
do i have a sign on me that reads "if you're a 13yrs old and we're in public, you should hit on me" ? why me :-(
f boring neh. rotttingx , meeting joweee 4pm :(
:( i'm sad i'm not there have one for me
whats that supposed to mean?? :( booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
my dad :(
sleepy.........bed....calling me???? and it's cold and you're ignoring me :( not a good look
garmin is waterproof, that reminds me i will have to leave my iphone home :(
wow :( r.i.p. st. x ol matt james. our thoughts and prayers are with the james family during this difficult time.
i think amparo bruised my butt-cheek! :(
lol this is taking over her twitter add mines pin 31310f70 y aint got ya bbm girlie? :(
