i know but i'm bored :(
ugh, capture the flag was a fail. home with jessica and brookah, we're all wet and cold. :( #fb
awe. awe awe. 2 of her cats died :(
i don't like twitcam :( (@mirandanicolexo live on
super withdrawal!! nakakamiss ang dmm bonding. and of course withdrawal from the royal hottness :( huhuhu.
bleurgh, i'm learing spanish now, actually. it's a brilliant language. too bad you've forgotten most of it! :(
:-(
i love how i text someone and they wont text me back but they can tweet. awsome... :(
back to victoria from western oz today. very sad note. special person in my life died and his funeral was 2day. couldn't make it back :-(
are you on ? ahh i miss you :(
just when i wanted to jist wit u small #nowcrying :(
eatin pizza then guna make strawberry sh0rt cake mmm yummy l0l f0r melanie && my mama ugh n0t feelin gud :( but guna g0…
re:|@carissalovely i just wanna go home now... :(
my dad wants me to go bed :( #jonasbrothers
stupid game :( except for halak!
ifreakin' miss my gee : (
sleep. up early tomorrow for vinny's funeral. i just want to go back in time and bring them back :( rest in peace chris & vinny <3 <3 <3
we dont have it in canada :(
#shoutout2dagirlz that get butt ass naked during sex, i hate yall girls thats shy & ashamed of yall body .. :-(
fuck sake :( shitty twitter!!
woke up on the wrong side of the bed :(
omg i miss you too it doesn't feel the same i miss my sis i'm so use to seeinq her everyday :(
oh ok i dont wanna do that to mine im afraid to break it :(
good news-got a call from american air in haiti.. my moms fine thank god.. bad news- she has 3 more weeks there :(
ok anastasiabeaverhausen was to long and friendofdorothy was taken and this game is hard. i might change it again though :(
so do the 2 legged homo sapien animals too :(
weekend agenda: rumah sakit. :(
today is bad day :(
sooooo tired. bagaa softball practice in the morning :(
i missed it! :(
my bank is sooooooo happy about this new doggie.....he'll be extremely sad if anything happens to him :(
i feel somewhat ashamed when the top search term for my family blog is "making fun of people with disabilities" :( i'm sorry already!
awwww baaabe. now ur gonna mk me sad. :-( where we spending june then? i'll hope for atl if not bos :-)
awww sis *hugs* :(
you are funny. but not at home. :-(
naaao eu sai :( akhkahshas
sorry debbie :( ill makee sure to swirl my tongue more next timee okay?? #foolass lol
its no fun tonight :-( about to kick ass for this
i hope you recorded the movie on your phone for me like i asked :( <<lmaoo i dodnt have enough memory hun :o(
lol i was just trying to be her buddy :(
people are un following me:o how rude :(
no im n atl omg my sister is n labor&i'm stuck at howard. can't believe ima miss my nephews birth :( some1 please come get me!
anyone know how to permanently delete a facebook profile? i couldnt find a method. :-(
bagay mo! social! haha! looking good, sinta! be careful not to fall in it! i'd hate for us to lose you! :(
if only those elephants had foursquare; they would be able to find each other in the sandstorm :(
nah.. man.. i got some horrible ass shits from walmart.. my studio monitors broke! i droppd them.. :(
i hope that's an april fools joke. :(
just in the us :(
great movie! it made me cry! :(
nooo i can't :(
just got home wow bus driver scrapped a car that was parked in a red zone the driver of the car went crazy...i walked the mile home :(
i mish you :(
missing my doodoo head baby... tired... *&* gotta work 2 morrow!!! :-(
oh s, had bad friday lunch (& drinks) at carluccios then ivy club then dick's bar. so drunk :(
just left my comment on myspace. :(
does anyone love me anymore???? :(
this little girl was hit by a car :(
i'm gonna miss you :(
my birthday is in 19 days. : ( i'll be 17 i hate my birthday.
can barely speak to chip on ustream :( (#jazzmaneonustream live at )
thxu citra sm anya :* get well soon sheila :* morning. my body feels so unwell today :(
my dad blocked twitter. :( i'll try getting a way to get on.
plans ruined :(
what !?!? no blackberry love for the free app :(
yeah, im just not lucky :(
my body hurts :(
i tried it. it's not effective. meh. :(
wendys is callin me, but ima send her to voicemail again :(
btw... you can always txt me... unless you got rid of my number :(
wish would dm :( guess thats nvr happening :(
sorry, don't like the design or the price. :-( ~~ love the style, but 4 me i would do different colors
