i'm bored, laat me oke. / uh, coma? :(
my allergies are kicking my anus..i need to be babied :-(
i'm good but i miss you too :( we seriously need to go out somewhere..
yes ! : (
haha knp dia cie cie rt: cieee ihiy berharap penuh :(
y she get to b ur first?? :(
soooo wasn't invited :( a muthafckn c tonight! wearn my birthday suit! :-p
my poor baby. :( feel bettter quick.
today my vacances are ending :(
the first time i've never played an inning when not hurt :( i wish this day never happened
cann u say to justin iff he can follow mee ? :(
i have to be honest. on some real shit, i'm disappointed in the new music video. :(
hi phil, heard s in town.. sounds like he had a great time whatever you guys did together. little bummed, no invite :-(
i know :( lol
i need to go see the last song, but i have a feeling theres gonna be alot of people :(
no, you didn't brit :(
i think i upset :(
grrrrr flight now delayed until 5pm. i want to go home! :-(
good thanks. it's cold here haha. winter is settling in :( is summer settling in for you?? :)
house: still haven't hung the painting "samantha" yet. :(
i hope you feel better :(
.........didn't win the contest :/ i have no luck.... and i thought having like 500 entries would help :(
i wish i was too! i miss yall! :(
miscommunication w/ cousin, so no dinner. :( on the other hand, improvised shakes is definitely a go!
it is really sad :(
:( *hugs*
ma head hurts really fuckin bad.... :-(
actually im kind of sad about it cause hes comin to michigan and i cant go 2 his concert :(
oh no!! but i made cakes and gingerbread! :(
on the way home :) i miss my big sissy poohs already :(
what school did you come to when you in reading i never knew you were in my area :( come back pleasee
it started as asthma attacks from the pollution, then an awful chest infection plus a sinus infection. i feel like garbage :(
:o why???!!! :( xxx damn !! my last day on twitter today ! :( better make it a good one :)
it's nearly 1am and i've got to be up at 7 :( i'll talk to you tomorrow? i'm really tired.
:( take it easy, then, yam. back pains are the worst.
whats going on with !!!?????????!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? its not working properly :(
haha dude i don't think your look good in a womens costume :( as much as i'd love you too be! haha
lmao :( aha true! i wanna no them! everyone said its gna kill to have a baby but i have a feeling it will be easy! loool x
haha!! i've missed it :(
doing nothing im so bored :(
super exhausted. a pick me up is needed. :(
i hate how eyelashes don't transfer well to your pictures. :(
the last time i saw my baby was wednesday night. this isn't looking too good :(
my head hurting :(
aww man i was hopin we could cam up sumtime :(
i'm so sorry i will be late with the #ff, i can't send them out until later tonight which will make it #follow sat. :( oh well
i wish i could listen to the backrub, but i'll be sitting with my mama at the hospital :( miss you! xoxo
argg ; i thouqht you were comminq over :( i was gettinq all hypee
and this is why i hate holidays, cause the magazines don't come out! i have nothing to read this weekend :(
i need $2.921,50 now! hahah :(
working full time and being a full time mom is hard. :( moms shouldn't have to work..
aw :( well i'm very glad it's ok!! i havnt been in dm jail yet.
i think of you everyday, are u happy now? :( please come back! i miss u a lot! te amo...
:( but it affects my daily life it's embarresing lol
i guess the easter bunny isn't stopping at your house this year he may not even still be with us :(
é, ngm me responde no twitter :(
soooooooo humph :(
ii knoooow dan dan ! time is going so slow now :( i canttt ! i'm mad excited
just got called a gay slut. k thanks flaming homodouche. :(
watchin the upstream i missed on nicki :(
i've had 0 energy all day. i feel horrible :(
photo: i miss the fireplace in our house in fla. :(
waiting and listening 2 for my mom 2 come home and take me 2 the drs :( i feel horrible
aww :( my batt is legit toast..i always fudge up my batt..the girl said my sidekick charger wud ruin my g1 batt, didn't believe her till now
just found out i didn't pass the wrt 305 test... pretty upset :(
