no me jodaz! pq we :(
i was in tappahannock for a funeral viewing and we went to mechanicsville for an hour lol. no richmond tho :(
back 2 da lab! tired. "sleep" and i broke up again. she hasn't been home in a few days :( oh how i miss her!
lol.. yeah they don't sleep.. i'm heaps far behind :( nooo. oh well.
i hate it. i go crazy looking for the tv remote. although i can easily stand up and use the tv buttons, -but i want the tv remote. :(
i don't know! i was just walking down the st near the marly when it happened. i turned around and she tried to do it again :(
wait.and i was stressin ova one nigga. me too but thats #dead im better than eva but my body still need nourishment.. : (
sucks to be deprived of monster chat :( browser keeps crashing. it's not supported in my place. #fml
can we have a call for a while? i neeed u but my pulse.....empty :(
:-(
just got a call from my god mom!!! i miss her : (
soninho :(
where the wild things are was a disappointment :( the book was much much better!
oh jetlag, here i was thinking we could be friends :(
been good, busy.. tday did wake up feeeling not so good :(
s'mores attempt...hmmm not sure about the presentation :(
allergies :( #sneezing my ass off
my knee dislocated nd wouldnt goo back in :(
you're welcome...that sucks that spring break isn't going so good :(
lmao, it was horrible, just admit it. d: i'm like depressed now that over 100 people saw it and now thing i'm a huge fag. :(
it's a friday night, i'm a college girl, at home, watching 16 & pregnant .... ughhhh hate being alone. :(
, babe i don't like hearng you like thiss :(
it's almost 10am but havent start yet :(
:(
but it looked cute. loved our day together!!!! my scalp hurts...ponytail was too tight :(
i don't. :(
i know they r damn us phone cards :(
:( i miss kristyn really much. too bad, probably she doesn't miss me.
i need a feet rub :(
:( okay
nandy got up from his nap with a cough.. don't think i am going... cannot take him outside with that :(
what a shitty night. . :(
updating my site with costume reference pictures but having such a hard time finding ones for maetel... :(
i've got pills that will get rid of anxiety need1 why won't my anxiety go away :( maybe it was the intense expresso i drank?
no sign of twin? she had a bad night :( also can i just say how awesome u are for the thingy that u do (do people know that's u?)
omg. how have we failed so hard? :(
noooooo :( i think thats my fav ff story ever. loved it.
soreee :( hha ooo whyy iss apeyyy verryy gooodd ahahha
gee, how i miss talking to you... / missing everything about you too! *sighs* :(
we went out to visit my grandmother, she is really sick and the doctors can't figure out what is wrong :(
baaaayy! i'm mad at you :(
ow that sneeze hurt my rib :(
. i wish there was a target here at puerto rico ! is a great store ! :(
anxious....can't sleep :-(
nah kidda lol no luv for little ol' me :(
:( oh well.
yaa :( this part makes me wanna cry xd
the respect for her a little lower.... :(
damn! 30 lbs, but i like me a thick chick :( make sure you keep a thick ass and an average boob size :)
aw i missed you by 20 minutes :( night my dearest! <3 you're awesome toooooo
#zodiacfacts #a libra negative traits : flirtatious,fearful,narcissistic,manipulative,and overbearing << #true :(
everytime a person uses ie. god kills a kitten. :(
catching up on twitter today. visited mother-in-law in icu today. so many variables for docs to deal with they can't give a prognosis yet :(
ohhhh okay, okay. i was like wtf? how the hell did she do that? and mine too >.< and i'm almost bald :(
so nobody wants to share... *nods* ok :(
2ma i lay my grandpa guys :( if i call any of u out tha blue it for a good cause î
back home from egg hunt and into dry clothes. of course rain came right in the middle of hunt. :(
i wish my bestie was online :( he's busy these days and haven't talked to me at all in 2 days .
crap, here comes the scene in pay it forward where the boy dies :(
everythings cool... spring break abtta b ovr : (
im sry. it will be better soon :(
no swagbucks for me today at all... sad face :( #swagbucks
i wanna cry listening to this, and looking at my bg.. at joe. :( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zevuhbbwtry
#jonasbrothers
please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
what!!! omg : ( glad you're home?? uhh? stop messing with my maternal instinct, hope you're better!!
sigh it looks like i'm missing this party tonight :-( sorry my chores are over my head..have fun! your card is in the mail
i was hoping the bcbg dress i ordered would be "the one" for my wedding dress, no such luck :-( looks moo-mooish
thaanks :(
#free from #twitterjaill :(
i tried that yesterday and it didn't work :( ill try again laterrr
