i haven't got to watch it yet :( *lovin' life*
just saw the last song :( really sad movie.
just took a fantastic shot of nyquil. a great sleep awaits! hope to kick this cold by monday... i haven't felt this terrible in awhile. :(
i don't think i've ever done laundry and had each sock come back with its paired partner :(
somehow i lost 2 pairs of boots last night. how the heck does that happen. also missing is my jacket..and my neclace. why :(
ooh abt2 eat icecream w/@jmarie724 && watch movies! somebody dm me b.c. im bored as fk rite nw in bham :( lol
:( she deserves so much better...
what's he saying? uggh!! he didn't call back... :(
poor us no drinks from & this weekend :(
there we go! i finally changed it! :) you guys like it? or not? :( hope you guys luuuvvvv it!!! you have to. it was confusing,
that's like 5am in the for me. i wish he were on now. :(
going for blogger's symposium alone later! :( don't like being by myself, but at least i'll get to see <3
it's not launched over here for at least another month :( is that a yes? lol
okay, so now i'm lonely... :( anyone wanna chat with me? http://tinychat.com/demigods
wish i was on the road with my sis :(
that tax thing may be the dumbest thing i've ever heard. seriously. :(
aww don't be mean to :(
i'm gonna be home alone allll night :(
kay so i suddenly feel like watching stepbrothers. lmfao! ugh stupid, the dvd was outta stock and now it isn't showing on tv! :(
as much as i love the movies, so much was left out from the lord of the rings novels. :( #lotr #fellowshipofthering
no one is onn :(
very sad to hear about lady sonia :(
they spelled brendans name wrong! :(
shyet. this is soooo frustrating. di ko mabuksan yung cheez whiz. :(
oooooh :( but it will be like 4 weeks, not during all summer?
that man is genius! you going to see him at o2? crappy web ticket places kept crashing on me, so gonna try again tmrw :(
im mad tired but i cant sleep :(
lol. josh you are a dork!! i don't think we'll make it out tonight :( but soon i promise
you are welcome! sorry it didn't work out :(
i would make you a lovely poster too if you were actually arriving at an airport near me!! i miss you!! :(
i miss food already :(
fwd: it was, too bad there was a shit says"i think i'm going to gain 500 pounds from being so depressed" :(
##smfh!!! where is he!!!..madd worried hopein everything alright :(
i want to see "the runaways" but it doesn't come out until the 9th--and the good guy-but that's not playing here yet :(
wats wrong :(
ummm...no. :( but i think u shud no that there all sold out. there's nothing left under $240.00 in the 300 section. :( sucks!
good morning! ok. pagi-pagi keinget semalem, jd agak bete sekarang. i need a good listener, please, anyone? :(
i miss my niece so much. i wish she was here so we could watch sleeping beauty together :(
family from cr is leaving now :( awh.
comms with attorney using work computer are protected as privileged ... forensic landscape changing :(
right i hear it rains in #london all the time :-( and that humidity is no joke but i stay strapped with umbrellas!! #myhair :-o
my back hurts so bad. i think i have bad posture :(
*jaw drops and hugs you super tight* i'm sorry :( i love you <33333
cos my fb is tripping :( nothing serious just really annoying!
:( waaaa good morning..happy saturday! berkurang 1 liburnyaaa
i wish i wasn't so stubborn. i wish he cared. i miss him. :(
still no news about boston? i want to make sure i get front row tickets! for the past 2 yrs we've been at the very back :(
tired :( im going home now from work what happen on days???
there's nothing to eat in my house :(
nao mimimimimimimimi badbadbadbadbadbad queria mas nao estou :( iuhsdufishaidf só to feliz maybe! i dont know
what happened catherina? why now? why me? :( fml.
pertengahan april, dear.. aduuh ini mata pgn liat jogja :( my dear..kpn km plg?
stalker is frightening. gotta tell something, immediately. hope see ya this evening pal.. :(
because of #jonasbrothers i lost my bff :(
what the heck is wrong with me?am i really a changed person?am i really that bad?i cant understand myself...heeeelp! :(
dannng i want to go soo bad but its good friday. tonight :( have fun tho be safe kuu.
ia tp jarang tak liat ngetweet . sbuk blajar pasti ! ngaku aja ! huhh . :( hehehe . ni otw semarang dr jogja . wish me luck ya
omg, everyone is leaving for ottawa tmw, im gunna be all alone! fml :(
woke up sicker than before :( i feel like death!
awwwwww :( dry your eyes mate i knw its hard for you to see how sumtin sumtin.. theres plenty more fish in the sea..(8)
suas más! :(
thinkzs i havee horibble bestfrenn skillzs :(
#igottaadmit jay-z has been the most consistent rapper since, like ever...lol! i don't listen to him no more though. :( yfdf!
what is going on. i miss ray allen right now :(
i can't do this :(
why? :(
morning. my body feels so unwell today :(
i got laid off today :-( a bunch of people did.
:( i wish!
