omfg my poor poppy & day day... :( smfh
wait. i'm so mad they sat me by thee biggest woman on the planet. :( she's all over my drink in it's cup holder!
heeyy. :( i started with flight school, then how fly, then burn after rolling, then deal or no deal! i need 2 get on it apparently
no tell me please :(
noooooooo!!!! hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
no. not drinking as much as i thought i was going to. :-(
<tony-t/dq>
i have applied pressure for like 10 minutes and its still bleeding. i'm getting scared. :(
doctor let me admit ra ma 9 hospital today. hope will get better soon :(
is this for sure? hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
awww :( i'm sippin on vodka still :)
crap. i forgot i have ub tomorrow. :( i dont want to go anymore!
"if you don't hang out with them, you're not friends. so it seems to me
you have no friends.." thanks :(
lol i know i've just been too freaking busy all of march. :( wanna help? lmao
oh golly gee! i miss maggie! :-( the only thing that can make me smile is get it?? hehe i just made myself laugh
noowaaaay >o< hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
i have gotsta geta sleep! have to be back to work n 6 hours for 16 :(
dammit i wantedd to fool yuu :( lol j.k im suchh a good friendd i'll never do thaat d;<
aweee :(
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
ga ko ... :( bgt, dasar playgirl mank cepeet y ?? cpt bgt dpt'ý ... ih geloo
shinee's hello baby will end at 12th episode :( #kpopfacts
it did make me feel worse :( but....my night did get better
yah milky way abis, tinggal mars sm bounty :(
so am i :( its terrrribleee !!!!!!!!!!!! lets cry together haha.
yea, just audio for me :( what the heck.... (#twitipad live at )
cartoons--all they show is infomercials and news now--sigh :(
okay yeah extreme but seriously.. ever since he came to live with us 2 years ago mom has been very stressed. stress=angry. :(
maybe i won't ever understand . :(
nothing, ima prolly go to sleep since i don't do drugs anymore :(
walmart 12:30 in the morning, wish was with me :(
yup.... you keep promising me you're gonna come but keep forgetting or something. :(
:( is how i'm feeln'
no cam :(
still weighing if arakawa can fit to my tight schedule. five leaves, won't fit :(
awww...i won't be able to see it :(
why didn't u guys make an april fools video like the last 2 years? :(
let me know if last song is any good. i can't talk dennis into seeing it with me :(
did you guys know that is on twitter? i freggin love them especially gwen stefani! i'd love to meet her, i know in my dreams... :(
:( it's so bad and working makes it that much worse :( are you doing anything tomorrow day?
hope u watch it and maybe comment it... pleaseeeee :(
its not :( we've been waiting for it since this morning :(
menunggu bapak2 teknisi pln bekerja.. all electricity in my house is terminated for tiz moment.. mulai kipas2 kegerahan deh ni.. :(
i wanna go to the beach!!! i miss it :(
what's wrong yung trace??---> long story. :(
i know, im getting really hungry :(
ya i came back from orlando last night i didn't want 2 leave! :(
nothing really..i wish i had an interesting life :(
omq im hekkuh madd :-( ihts mah sisturr bday && i haven't told her happy bday yet ; happybdaydudda
that is my life. i am physically incapable of napping. it's 2-3 hours at a time or nothing for me. :(
i guess some nights are just meant to be cried away.. :( sweet dreams lovers.
damn. i wanna watch clash of the titans but i got no one to watch it with :(
he's goin on the dl :(
awwe nate i'm sorry :( thats sad <3
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
im kinda bummed i didn't pre order an #ipad :( i think im going to hit the store up early int he am and see if i can nab one.
your welcome<3 i love you more bestie. and i miss you :( i will <3
no1 likes me. :( its cool idc
aint no way- chris brown ... i remember this song :( i used to love this song
hope u watch it and maybe comment it... pleaseeeeeeeee :(
i have to actually sleep tonight :(
awww i just realized i missed my 4,000th tweet :(
t.t hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
i like where this is headed... keep going :-d<-o sheesh girl, dm me..« nooo :-(
i wanna be a girl with you. not a guy :(
my mom's angry :s :(
ewww i have to get up at 6am. so bad :(
i hate that they didn't end up together! :( 500 days of summer... :) love it!
it's great to talk to after awhile... i miss our group conv .. :(
i picked a new guy b/c flamingo's hair was just not doing it for me. lol i forget who i picked though. :(
dancing in the street. <3 alone. :( lol.
who the hell craves vegetables?. me :(
he's going to the movies instead :(
nooooo, i have a volleyball tournament tomorrow :( reeeeally dreading it..
pls help me i am so stuck at 681! :(
my niece woke me up :(
but seriously, keith rodger <3. have fun tonight honey, i'll be sleeeeeeeping :(
why have you stop talking to me... :(
boyfriends leavin for the night :( now the question comes...ps2 or gamecube to pass the time? hmmm
awwh you unfollowed me :(
i don't know :( she's in europe right now, but she did say that he has good taste when it comes to art!
noo fairr :(
aw :( well i'll talk to him for you if you want :)
really? was the driver looking? was she in the street? ya i wish she could've known! :( god bless her! :(
oh my god manson is engaged :(
i'm having withdrawals too. i miss him :-(
;___; t shinee's hello baby will end at 12th episode :( #kpopfacts
the berry battery is about to die. its in the red. :( about that time to switch to the bat phone! lol
does anyone else feel like they're just completely alone sometimes? :(
watchin some scary movie w brittany murphy is n this :-( r.i.p
your breaking my heart love :(
o thats nice i only got 2 when i was gone :(
shinee's hello baby will end at 12th episode :( #kpopfacts
oh lawd! i need a coke. this is uncomfty :-(
but you dont love me :( haha
i hate mound :(
huftttt....queuing at eyes clinic :(
you had sushi & jason & you didn't share? :( oh ms. afp how could you?! hehe hope you guys had a relaxing night.
i want to play bingo with you so much. :(
hahahahha :( burn that episode how the eff is a button cute l!!! lol
aww :( why dont you tell her? the day before you leave for two years they leave you alone? :'( i dont get it babe
i miss nyc already! :(
they won't give me no more ivanabitch :(
:( please follow me? i've been trying foreverrrr!!! please follow me
wishing it was raining. :( my throat stiil hurts feels like eating glass. f.m.l
i just went through ur twitpic page & now my stomach #literally hurts :(
i don't think i can make it tonight :( goodnight #rsa #dirtycraigfergusonfamily
wow tats cool. m doin fine. same ol routin of home-office-home. shaadi yaar abhi koi ladki hi nahi mili. :(
when you say it like that, it sounds like sushi. ... now i'm hungry. :(
its just me and my gummy bears :( and my favorite cuzzo :)
are you dating kendall j? :(
mega-loser^2!! haha jk! #ff ---> can i really be going to sleep before midnight?! on a friday night?! i'm so sleepy :(
didn't get my dew. :-(
lmao dis shit is hard doe :(
knpa au?rt astgfrlh . ada tweet yg nyakitin banget :( :( :(
so sleeepy.. go back to slp agn? :(
it's my fault for having a garage for a bedroom. everyone knows every garage has a bike gathering dust. now mine does too :(
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
s&s on vh1 was awesome!!!!! butttt they had to cut out too much :( lol can't wait for the dvd april 6th!!!!!!! :)
why aren't you in asia. :(
i have a major headache! (did i spell that right?) lol ahhhhhh fuck :(
don't like allergies. kinda ruin your dayy. :(
why have you stop talking to me... :(
today i re-enforced the popular opinion that girls aren't very good at driving :(
i'm worried about my little dog at home. she must be terrified of this crazy wind whirling around outside. :(
whaattt??? why?? shinee's hello baby will end at 12th episode :( #kpopfacts
today was such a disaster i just want to go to bed and forget about the whole day this is ridiculous :(
iyea bagus wk yaah gitu deh nasib nya udah gabagus lagi yea :( sip followed mil, gmn twitter yg lama? hm
awww are you mad at me :(
thank god i dnt have skool monday but i'm still sad :(
patron shots with i'll probably end up singing by the end of the night.<of course..the night im not out. :(
oh the ipad is coming out today... but i dont wanna get it :( not until xmas
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
i was bt my niece woke me up nd i can't get sleepy again :(
movie sold out :( jus gotta see it tomorrow
aw i'm sorry! i know the feeling :( hope tomorrow is a better day for you!
oh nooo :(((( hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
haha me too! but the whole time i was waiting for them to take a picture together :(
i totally used to love it too, til i found out about the chemicals and processed ingrediants they use. :-(
knp,sayaang?? kok iconnya sedih?cep cep.u're not alone.kenang2an aku dr konser bjork jg ilang *bedakasus,tp aku ttp sedih lho :(
ugh i probably am :(
somebody needs to un-pwn wearpython.com :-(
oh on. has more followers than me. :( haha xd
deleted his post about going live on ustream... so i guess that's a no :(
