:( if it's any consolation, i just spent 5 hrs on the road- 1/2 of it in traffic. i have yet to sleep. hope ur date ends sweet!
i have wisdom teeth issues its the only way i can sleep :(
dont know how to swim. almost drowned while crossing a part of river kaveri at hogenakkal. driver pulled me back. lost my specs :(
wie doof :( du brauchst unbedingt nen 2. account xp
awwww!!!! i just saw this :( nope i was off today! woulda loved to see u and ur jawn jr!
what about me :( he gets my unconditional love :)
my boyfriend fell asleep over half an hour ago.... wish i woulda got to hang out with him... :-(
missing my godson :( come visit us soooon vane.!!! :/
i don't remember the last time i watched any part of a #knicks game, but it's nice to see they still suck ass :-(
damn python :( ... i forgot all bash
wow way to unfollow. :( i need a follower.
awwwww oooooh no, that totally sucks :( are you attending tomorrow??
they aren't showing it here on my channels :( have to wait for the dvd. but enjoy!
i can't turn him down ! :-( he jus said 2 me "you said we was gonna play 2gether"<= damn! smh!
thanx! ♥ hug and kiss paola for me :-( i really do miss her. tell her i said luxor ! just say that lol and see what she says
gosh that's expensive! ice skating sounds fun!!!! hope u guys are having a blast! can't believe roaming is so expensive :(
:( is being mean 2 me but its ok
hey jenny. imy :(
:( nope they all jus gawkin
oh shit ! you never told me :(
i want to see a girl with a real gut issue (like moi) on this show. #whatnottowear. :(
watchin these guys on ustream: and tho they think i am fake :(
:( nothing! my foot is messed up! i had an accident weds & i threw on some heels today thinkin i was dat deal & now its swolen :(
:( get here already....
crap. pc keeps overheating probably need to reapply thermal compound/hsf as temp has never been great but had to order more goop. :(
i wonna see that film. no invite tho :(
well the other girl stopped playing i guess :(
i miss after she fucked she stopped callin :(
no one loves me enough to ask me a question? :( www.formspring.me/tayllor
there was a lost kitty on my portch it's so pretty had a tag but i couldn't get it to sit while i read it. :( i hope he finds his home
great to hear! after my #vegas trip next week i'll be able to start buying that kinda stuff again. #cher aint cheap! :(
what a day. <3 really hoping adam will be fine though. :(
my mom ordered me new ones but they won't be the same. the other one was thick cuz it was limited edition :(
im sooo hungryyy havent eaten since lunch  had half a turkey sandwhich

does anyone care??...
:crowd says: :noooocheeeeeekkkiiiiiiiiiii,
:(
why the long face?? :(
i'm so happy with your tweet, i hate when you disappears :(
really? did tell you that? aww im so heartbroken :-( *poor me*
had a moment forgot it was friday was thinking it was sat and ment tomorrow would be no work :( but then i realized i was wrong
leslie is still alive, hes apparently in a home though :(
if only a guy would give in to me :( oh yeah 10points for me , he gave in. he's begging ! i love #beingawoman !
grabbed noms from fave sushi place on way home with zulla but she forced half her crepe down my throat on the walk and now i'm not hungry :(
& tmrw i was suppose to be attending a concert, but so much for that :(
tebeet laaah! enough gue di depok iya nih boceennnn abisnya : ( lo dmn sih beh? depok apa tebet?
are you saying that you got ugly since you're old? that makes me sad :(
i think the i forgots will regret it. i am regretting not getting you guys to get me one now :-(
:-(
: fuck everyone. why the fuck am i getting inboxs on formspring telling me im annoying and im dumb cause i like stereos? :( go get a life.
ohhhh so ready for tomorrow afternoon. gotta get my car fixed first tho :( i miss my courtney too!
i'm bored as ever right now :(
aaahhhh i never knew it! :( i wishing for it!last week ago was have a tour to manila but i couldn't to come!sucks :(
:( be patient babe. i'm sure you'll get
sorry babe. :(
: at sharkfin house for dim sum .. i miss lei garden :(
who unfollowed me :(
rough day :( things aren't looking up either. wish i had some positivity lol
:( what if you don't have a backup harddrive?
i know! naht good :( ahh well off to sleep for me:)
weekeke gw ga diajak :( rt: #sourire sama #odongers lg sibuk dm2an dong haha
what a effin night! hopefully it was good- if not sorry :(
wishing my was here... : (
não estoou vendo vc's :( (@erick_kuhn live on
did you read the book first?!?! isn't it sad?!? if you didn't read the book, its ten times sadder in the book :(
