want to take class at debbie reynolds at 7pm. :( so everyone else go so i can live through you all. sad life.
nahhh hunni i tried to save it and it just shut down on me im so upset :(
my runt will be leaving tomorrow and won't be back for a whole week. i'm going to miss him :(
i need to go shopping :( it makes me happy :)
iss making me sad now :( xxx
i get so much done when the mr is away, but on the other hand, i am +10 lonely :( even seems down in the dumps.
we'll add a few more additions later tonight, although not many seem to care much about themes/cosmetic mods just yet :(
hope it goes well!!! wish i could see it before i leave town :( first preview of inner voices! send us good vibes!
kinda bothering me that im younger and i weigh more then justin! :(
bah, would cellulitis be categorised as traumatic limb injury? wast have no condition code to suit for pcr. :(
and hungry. no food :(
that was a mistweet! twixtreme truncated the rest. boo. :(
has just screamed the house down. bloody dressing came off my foot and yuk and ow :(
nao saaaai :( (@stevens_adam live on
fuck im sick :( horrible start to spring break
lonely :( but i'm good. x
starting to leave north carolina :( i cant help crying
well i should hope so, you have been gone far too long! :(
it was moved to june 1 :(
really sick of being sick .... had a big day off plans only to be stuck at home sick :-( hope i feel better 2morrow wanna go see my nanny
oh :( but thats still awesome that you got to talk to him. i wish i talked to him on the phoneee
out eating with girl thanks 4 getting me out the house. love ya sis! on flip. wishing i was in his arms! :(
its not good :(
yaah! thanks! i love that dress but it was too tight on me :( i love it, really great job.
on the way home, ready to take a nap this headache is no bueno :(
still in the car :( fallin asleep :( i need new texting buddies like there is sooo much u can talk bout over text #womp #womp
imiss my cuzzin :(
heading back to indy :( i wanna stay
my friend's bunny died today :( since it happened on good friday...will the bunny come back on sunday?
yeh please do that boo :) argh i no but im so mad that took me so fuckin long :(
bounty hunters on cn tonight! can't believe the second season is so close to being done :(
sorry sweetie, that sucks :(
just houston :( back to school next week.
lol . nothing but sit on the computer . :(
lol why did u just tweet urself? :-/ rt: why this chick aint tweeting??? :( i miss her. /via
got work tomorrow :( and sunday we've got family over -.- how about you?
i doubt he would say hes had enough! and if he has... well then im so sorry! :( my ex had enough of me so he cheated...but i
i have to pee. waiting for my mom, sister, and bro to come out of foodmaxx. hurry up :(
i want too but my mom won't let her go :(
i just walked by the apple store and my laptop turned into an 8-track player. :(
no :( gotta work out hburg
still *meh* for creating that whole clusterfuck to begin with :-(
oooo baby that smells wonderful! but idk if im goin home :( i was gonna tonight but we have baseball tmrw which is super gay
lmao im trying to sing it doesnt work when you used to smoke :( and *pours acid on you* lmao
no movies tonight :( we'll find sum to get into.
yesss!!!! i refresh it and there isn't anything. :( & usually there are like a bunch of posts if i don't check it for a while
damn. :( it's illegal to hunt camels in arizona. #omgfacts
its really tempting to call my bff and have her pick me up at iah and come back to vegas sunday instead. i'm already in houston! :(
lmaoo its sad :-(
i only have like 183 tweets :(
monkeys phones dead :(
misses my vicky! :(
can't believe i'm gonna have to bite the bullet and join #aftra this weekend. #sag just isn't gonna cut it anymore to pay the bills :(
i would love to be able to be like i need 20 more followers, i say that and end up losing followers, :( ily xx
so....you're telling me i have no pizza tonight? :-(
please let me know when you're going on stage in detroit. i have easter dinner than a 3 hour drive to there that day :(
patterson jospeh. :( i am team black doctor.
i'm sooo jealous your going there . :(
:( it's not fairrrrr!
btw where did your pic of you in the kiss shirt go? :(
at the movies, no tls here yet :(
i'm sorry the ones you guys have there suck :(
yea. :(
i miss your curly hair so much :( can you bring it back por favor
wants it to raaaaain :(
dude please come back home :( i hate it here now. im all alone...
i'm sooo upset!!! mta sucks completely right now. i'm gna miss the first half of the movie ii jus kno it :-(
shit, prob need to go to bed as have shit loada packing 2 do 2moz. gonna miss my comp :( net at home is sooooooo slow
i didn't want to disturb your putting practice and i went back you were gone :( kick ass tmrw and sun.
ur kidding?! that's fkd! the umbrella for the outdoor setting my mum got me has disappeared from the back yard :(
naww he should have thought about leaving you food before they left. :(
i did too! it completely inspired a o/s i wrote, lol. i wanted them to dew it so bad. :(
awww, i hate that! first some projects take forever to get made then, they take even longer to get released :(
def gotta get me a new sippy cup!! :( but ima miss pinky (my old sippie may you r.i.p.)
heeyy i like baskin robbins too ! :( lol
sorry to have missed meeting you last nite. still not feeling so swell :( sounds like it was fun.
i'm so upset right now, it's ridiculous :(
had good night out with friends but decision has to be done tomorrow :-( wish me luck :-)
i just walked by the apple store and my laptop turned into an 8-track player. :( (via
lool! im not really sure :( theirs to many to choose from! ahhhhh :( lol! <3
can i come? haha we just played a suuuuper shitty show :(
hate having lessons every saturday..and the term break's almost over!!! :(
why today??? today is supposed to be the day i'm super happy for what jesus did for me and it's turned out to be an aweful day :(
i want you to feel better :(
whyyy :( she's a goddessssss <3
yeah went for armed robbery :(
3,100th tweet only goes out to atm :( <33333
:-( ive been off all day u guys
i found how he gonna be in tallahassee april 10.. and some place called potbellys.. i wanna go and see him but thats far :(
hello :).. will u help me get 10 more followers? no1 else wil :(
:( lions gate bridge is closed due to the high winds
i did! i asked who wanted to go :( i cant even get this piece is the car.
i want shoes that light up when i walk :(
u didn't ask :(
im worried!!!! :(
i can't believe anyone would do that. :(
haha! you're short...gotta pick pops up from the airport in a few :(
fell asleep in my bed jus woke up...& every1 is gone :( so i guess its jus me 2nite. on my own.
thought i was going to step out tonight looks like its a no go... grind time until school is over... :(
my eyes hurt like they want to cry :(
i couldn't watch it :-( my stupid blackberry.... and i think i'm drunk, and i miss ju!!!
he asked me out over dm's and i said "no" and he said "oh is there someone else" "yeah.." "well ... psh!" :( im sorry nick
not going out after all. the roo has been fussing/screaming all evening... george told me to go, but i wouldn't enjoy myself. blah :(
apparently.. for some people her ass is blocking the message.. :(
lmao..thats wat i thot u meant n ima keep it solid bt unfortunately no i dnt have one :-(
same! but i cant drive till 18 in england : (
sorrrrry :( i don't even know what that is. lol! it's okay. i knew a guy whose initials were b.o. but the joke got old fast
omg without me! :( im at disneyland hehe
pspgo, think its a bit small for adult hands, dsi gives me pain :( #mhi
yeah! it's like 3 gulps and it's all gone :(
btw last monday my mom had to put to sleep my 16 year old cat sassy :(
i didn't win :( but this girl who has been here all night got them &i'm happy for her. she deserved them. (:
im sick again :( ive been coughing and my throat hurts. you?
:( raleigh loses a beloved icon; his family needs your hel...
oh dear :( did he look different to what you expected or something? or was he just a different person, so to speak?
toby is a terror :( next time we go to the vet he has to be sedated first.
it was soooooo busy this mornin'... and now i have to go to second job... :(
my homework is never-ending. :( help*
youuur are not alone :( (903): i miss michael jackson so much sometimes
omg :( so shan
gona go catch up on greys ep :) that i missed last week! :(
that lotr always make smile no matter what! i was tramatised when they split :( xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
please dont delete :( we're all here to support justin right? let's try together to get more followers to support him :)
i can give it to u after.... they wouldnt let me take it in :(
no bank holidays in the states :-(
:( *sniffles* okay
wheres my #ff love :-(
oh, last one. #ff even though i messed up :(
reading justin's old tweets makes me sad :( he used to tweet his fans so much, now he barely tweets at all ^_^
had mine yesterday in fact. :(
if the network doesnt let the guide know it's new or not, that happens :(
so istill dnt have a facebook :-(
awww... =[ its my last day in miami, i'm kind of sad :-(
wow. i'm going to miss kai so much :(
no it was showing the tweet limit :( and i'm sleepy now so off to bedd! :) xx
take care xd goodnight :)
:( i'm tireeedd! hahahahahaha everyone else will be there though i think
doubt yours will cheat considering youve been together for 3 years... that kind of relationship is one i wish i had! :(
4.5 miles, but a ton of hills/stairs, and gorgeous views. ps- lady runners: how do you get through that ~hormonal~ time? i was dying :(
