really?? are you coming to colombia?? i expect so.. please come here we love you!! #jonasbrothers don't break our hearts :(
i wish i was down that way homie :-(
yes but that was long ago :(
ugh :( why?!?!
fucking spilled water on my pocket change :(
tomorrow starts my 13 straight days of work.... can't wait :(
danger, danger: the sqlite backend for sqlalchemy rounds numeric values using floats. yipes. :-(
i know you're not gloating! 199900 is my best so far :(
yeah, me too, but lately, i haven't been praying at night, so yeah :(
stay up :(
hai nick, i`m always like youuu.. please give me tweets.. just one word pleaseee :(
i'm breathing again! but still angry. :(
yah. the white guy . and awwwwhhhh. poor bestie :(
i hope t see you too :( #jonasbrothers . always jb
si pues :( i miss you girl
can you please follow me kellie? that would be wonderful! i wish i could come to the dc show but it sold out in like 3 sec :(
another long, long day, people. // and how many "another" in near future? :(
got shout outs but no followers :(
my replies section on tweetdeck is like not excisting. i accidentily deleted it and it wont come back :( i'll try tomorrow again. goodnight!
i really don't like long-distance relationships :(
hope is okay, i tried calling and sent a text last night, no reply :( if you have no plans, come over today!
abdoo das wut im doin and eatn braums #wesumgrannies :-(
:( idk who he is.
i didn't get any new followers today ....does that makes me unkool :( <--haha me either....
ugh.... come on :( awww charlotte looks like a city. lots of ppl out of the house downtown!
reuters ipad still awaits the rush. how sad for apple, inc., the frenzy they're looking for is nonexistent boo hoo : (
sure wish this nyquil would kick in already :-(
sry i missed the picnic today guys :-( < word app yo !
ngidam jga yah sis ? pengen makan yogurtberry :(
awe :( i'm sad too! is it with twitter or your computer? can you fix it?
my phone didn't come :( i wouldn't be so sad if they had just told me it was coming tomorrow. don't lie to me ups! :(
eh,kpencet jhar :( ga tau q apa salah q mpek di unfollow ma ? pdhal q gak pernah unfollow dia.. :(
#shoutout2dagirlz that get butt ass naked during sex, i hate yall girls thats shy & ashamed of yall body .. :-(
this spring break has been so bad for me..i've done no work and ate like a pig : (
yup :( there are plenty of virus on it. but i'll send you my msn. right now :)
awwww, i'm sure it wasn't that bad :( hair cuts are very rarely shave worthy lol <3 #hugs
sorry, don't like the design or the price. :-(
last night in south carolina. i want to stay forever, but i want to be home :( booo
it's still friday... and i'm still not being followed by you. :( i love you so much. it's unconditional babe! muah!
this party needs girls :(
testing some stuff with twitter, exceeded my requests for the hour :( boo. on the upside, i found a way to make far less requests i guess
awwwww, thank u so much. :( miss u 2 #monsterluv <3 *tears*
sweerrie!!! i miss u so much its sad.. :( rt*me nko??* #np jesse jagz's pussy cat... i miss this boy oh
aww, good! meredith has come down with a fever and keeps telling me she "has a bad day", which means she doesn't feel good. :(
dear mom and dad- why would you buy 2 stick-shift cars? :(
everyone stopped tlkn to me :(
yeah, i started it. i never finished :( where u watchin it at?
somebody or please i need to laugh i need to be cheered up ,i'm really down and sad :(
it was a close game, but the celtics lost :(
wow i had a really bad day for no reason :(
i just dnt knw what to do , smhhh :(
i wanna see that movie :( ... tell me how it is! :)
hehe, abis hopeless keabisan tiket ka :(
i hate the feeling when you're soooooo far away from home, well right now i'm in plaistow an it seems a million miles away from west! :-(
it's hard to make grilled cheese when there's no cheese.. :(
heh i don't even own one but experiencing withdrawal symptoms already :-(
not by choice sweetie :(
:( aiight then good night talk to i in the am
disappointed i didn't get over to the komodo dragon at the zoo today :(
sorry :( i hope you get some rest and relaxation tonight.
me too :( if we were in same city we'd be sick buddies. watch movies, drink tea, mope. day 3 of being sick. this is not good.
i'm just waiting for you. :(
tapi sayang ya lea michelle ternyata smoker. she's lucky doesn't lose her amazing voice. :(
wants to go to samad's iu daaay :(
toronto and ottawa but no montreal stop? :(
you need to get on! :(
hah ? bagas skit apa thaa ? cepet sembuh yaa abang . sedih dehh abang skit :( :'( gbu !!
this would be great but could u give his name to me too? i have to explain the whole story to him :(
awh, please stop #animalcruelty :(
omg is not big anymore :( hes not squishyyy-i kno! =[
i think i need to find out what her house looks like on the inside... #stalkerthoughts :(
yesssss! i miisssss her already :(
joined but now it won't let me log in :(
leavin mcdonalds.....heads still killin me :(
wow #rudetweet :(
omgeee! i so wish my phone was connected! :(
omg i wanna see it but no movie buddy :(
just got a newwwwwwwwwww dog! but the 2 dogs i have already, don't uhm...really like him :(
oh no! charlie sheen is quitting #twoandahalfmen! i am devestated! my new favorite show :(
gahhhh where did my wifey go ? :(
mau banget holidey!!! :( :( :(
could use some mommy encouragement right about now. going on day five of max being sick and cranky and miserable. tired and sad for him :(
neglected tumblr :(
whyyy ?? :(
aw sorry :( but glad things are good and you are enjoying your time with your niece and nephew.:)
:( i can't wait to see you again :'( #jonasbrothers number 1 trending topic?? wow! we love our (cont)
well,he doesnt get what i meant :(
poxa cade meu beijo sera q so invisivel? :( (@erick_kuhn live on
i think maude mouse needs to be put to sleep tomorrow. she's very old, and seems to have had a stroke. :( :(
=[ i wish i could be at wondercon right now...... :(
aww im sorry :( i guess i remember you for a bit ;)
the show being over is bittersweet!!!.... :-(
that is pretty cheap lol but my friends dont wanna go out n i dont wanna leave my house lol :-(
threatening you how? :( what kind of stuff is she saying?
we love u more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i've ben tweeting about u the whole time!!!! u nvr notice..... :( love u anyways...
#jonasbrothers come to australia already?!? you know, the country you once wrote a song about? yeah that place! don't forget about us :(
wkwk, cuma liatin nykap tungguin gue lg beteee kmrn huee :( wkwk
jadi rindu vega bobo riki sasa rest in peace my cutie puppies , if i could i would back when i was child and play around with them :(
i miss #atajonasconcert trending :(
yea ao now im going to take it that now u dont want to come :(
you have to see it ! it was amazing.. read the book too! ps please come for islander this year, i miss you and :(
last nite at nyc :'( fuckin' sad!!! would start packingg :( dnt wanna go back to koaktemala..
diantre..... :( que te aprovechen!
holly crap! i totally forgot that i'll need to work on sunday and i'm so full of homework :(
i work all weekend :(
hohowks bener bukan gue? (y)rt bukan eluu kugh aaaa :( mau ngunfollow
poor thing :( ahhhh she could have ridden in the back seat with max on the way home.....haha
darn u skirt... now i'm sick i think... shivering all hard in the car while no one else feels the cold.. :(
eu tbmmm! :(
i'm not going tomorrow :( but i will be listening in vis twitter. nice seeing u again. and good luck with vk.
i want my weekends back .... need to be sleep for work in the am, but i'm restless. ima be a zombie manana. :(
losing all the weight i gained cuz i'm sick as he'll n can't swallow..! i'm soo hungry.!! i want sweets.!! :(
now that one of my best friends is pregnant she cant smoke weed with me anymore. man i dont smoke alone :(
it feels so weird being here by myself. everyonr is looking at me like a weirdo. :( i guess i am. ha!
yow babes, wassup.... i miss u :-(
ugh i sooo wish i was in ny.. <-- me too :(
waitinq on ur text :(
aww :(
grrr every1 gets all the good food but me :( and nothin i jus dnt. believe in him can't wait 4 him to come out the closet
casting call at lloyd center next weekend for antm... too bad i'm not 18, 5'7", or stick thin. :(
i know my site stinks :(
calm down ....... we have a twitter life to share. stop being mean to others!!!! urgh, you shouldn't be on twitter if you're mean :(
u said this eveytime but not to me :(
duh abisnyaa nyampah twitter.. buat kuis nya om semoga menang yaaaaaaa... i wish. :(
nope i didnt. :(
haha i totally would, but im grounded, member :(
i am sad at itbmakes me realize i only go to the same 4-5 places a week :-( #howsadforme
my wisdom teeth would decide 2 show they a$$ 2day! i'm tryna go n on this food but i only hve 1 good side 2 chew wit :(
katie misses her best friend and considers me a poor substitute. sorry keke, i suck :(
missing whatever did...i'm not home for hourssss :(
omg the new degrassi episode is so sad :(
plz follow me! i only have 35 followers! i follow back :(
nope. im workin :(
propresenter 3 only crashed several times during the run-through. thankfully, it didn't crash during the service. it doesn't like dvds :(
i need to mail u some babylegs i got. they are boy ones :(
im really sad :( followed one of my friends but not me. :(
awww ur so angry :-(
as justin isn't even on there at all! :(
nice girls too :-( nice guys finish last.
the chat moves way to fast on his ustrean :( (#jazzmaneonustream live at )
