#kevinjtweet twitterlanddd miss yoouuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!! :( #jonasbrothers.... <3
word rite talking tew my babydaddy `&` this convo is deep :( the things we (cont)
he's still out of town unfortunately :(
4:30 or 5:00 every day! horrible habit isn't it :-( (via what?! whyy dooo you wake up so early!! dont ya love sleep :)
still up had 4 hours which is canny my poor stomach is killing me hot water bottle time :-(
true.. maybe cupid tripped and missed :(
everyone keeps rting my tweets but doesnt sign this at the end :( pleassee sign! :)
lmaoooo omg great line...i still have to watch my new moon dvd :(
haha just some reallly trashy girl that walked down my streettt and she was fat too it was realllt nastyyy :(
friday is funny as hell. i gave rykia mine though. :( when can i come watch the rugrats with you and toni?
shawn was very nice! i got lucky & met him the day he was leaving. sorry you didn't get to meet him! :(
i have a follow limit right now :( sorry but once i don't have the limit i will ;)
still at work :(
sadface:(rt wishing and were here with us at mudbugs!! :(
:( for me its sunday with rain and thunder storms and no doubt snowing on the pass and i have to drive over
hahahaha i am addicted ! text me love :(
lol i just did that last night...all in my bed! :(
have fun visiting your hunni!! be safe, i am very jealous :( i will be making a visit soon though! yay
i really wish i'd ordered an ipad!!! :(
huh, interesting. then again i've managed to kill the newest pair of supervogs in just a year :(
i have a flat tire :-(
i'm boring. i don't know how i can help :-( anyway where are you? n y aren't you outside
macbook randomly logged me out? :( meanie.
ambil dong.. satu rumah inii..rt hahaha tp bukann milikku :( adekmu lo pny (cont)
going back...kill me. :(
too bad she won't be in the back 9! :(
lmfao. i'm bored already :( xo
my mom makes the best mac & cheese and the best baked beans! :-d man, thanks for making me miss home! :(
oh stooop! lol :( #nowplaying anthony hamilton im a mess
oh really? :(
have you seen what the jonas fans are writing about justin :( theres another war going on
:( thinkin bout that .
shopping day today. rummage sale at front & co. great deals! aritzia warehouse sale no lineup :) but no selection :(
why doesn't our air conditioner work. :(
shiitt the yardsale is tomorrow!!! i wanna go :(
sama siapa syg???rt se to the bel kaaaaaak... :(
mission failed for tonight :( going to restart tomorrow with another approach
lmao!! i busted out laughing!! you're like a fighting beast machine! i wish i were one :( i'm too much of a girl! boo!):
oh well be right back crying cause didn't reply my tweets :(
y? the passion of the christ .... *sigh* its a touching movie :( • i refuse to watch it
the dude didn't know it was 'billie jean' sad. :(
my heart hurts :( what a day. can i pass out now?
i miss my friends. :(
haha! im really slow i think :(
left side of keyboard doest work. ryt now i'm using the on-screen keybrd. sucks. oh well, spring cleaning 4 my pc then... later. :(
me & at easton bout to see "why did i get married too ?" still missing :-(
feels horrible seeing $800 dissapear from your hands in less than a minute.. fuck this months rent/entry deposit :( and another $300 to slip
later la, goingg back to the di-no! :(
{ :( feel better steph~i'm gonna pray for you...♡}
*hugs you* :( drugs still not working bb?
i'm jealous, my very good friend lives there :(
i should be going to bed. i have to wake up at 3am for work. :(
messed up my elbow pretty bad in the last game :(
still tryna find sumthin tuu duu!... :-(
omg rae. the picture you tweeted of david when he was in sg omg <3333 i miss :(
ok. time for bed. she'll text if she needs me. :(
maybe just me :( my right hand is pain now, need rest.
lmao just reserve a cup for me..yo nothing fits me i'm fat :(
ahh. jack darling, why must you be so mean? :(
thanks hub i'm always here and please block and get the #mjfam to bc he's saying messed up things about mike :(
i miss them soso much. :(
i hope you come back to wi. soon, because i had 2 miss it this time :( i have a question will you tweet please&thanks <3
lolol awwwww arty u are overprotective. thts cute. n ayyyy dnt threaten me mcbestie :(
aaaaaaa bete ah gue, pengen cabut : (
there's always next time..... but your life will never be complete. :(
mia ... and she gone again :( same ere :( where were u? omg! i missed yuuu! =(
:( dell inspiration hd fail. not a way to start my spring break.
guys what da hell is happenin with my twitter?? this viral 100 followers thing is taking over. it aint me :(
my friends are making fun of my romper :(
