so my bestm8 decided2get 2nd bus as itd b 'quieter'- 1st bus crashed minutes later. so glad he ddnt get on. horrible :( x
i hate when i'm already fucking stressed and people wind me up even more :(
xause we dont talk anymore or anything :(
i agree this sucks major time :-( #subtweet
yes! i'm excited but upset at the same time, i'm actually getting older! ill no longer be a teenager :(
why there is no shippment tracking number at #amazon purchases? that's awefull :(
i just started watching season 4 :(
you guys! is ignoring my sexual predator advances!!! make her stop!!! :( :( :(
no dance practice today. :( not until i finish the floors. life is great! and i found a new killer work out for conditioning. yay! =d
baby says i'm an alcoholic :( good job on makin me feel bad
#backintheday i use 2 try 2 fly a kite ; but theres not much wind it phx :(
just realized that moving my desk means i can't watch things from my bed anymore :(
u never change baby still be monique and alwas be moniquert :( muah :*rt kangen (cont)
yep! lol i don't wanna come bak man i love vaca :(
couldn't sleep last night :(
more like extremelyy selfissshhh, take me with youuuuuu!! :(
he is huh! i like the blond one rip :-(
i can't believe i got all pretty for no reason! thank god i had back up plans!...dangit wish i did today! :(
that bad already? :-(
didn't sleep well last night :( was really uncomfortable and my sister was yapping like crazy. good thing i called
#sweety wake up :(
mimpi buruk mimpi buruk. .mimpi buruk ! hal yg paling sulit dalam mencintai mu adalah melihat mu mencintai orang lain :(
hollaaay. awww :( ifeel bad for you.. lol why dont you move smhh'
nope :( idk the owner is here
status good: coughing has decreased & when i do, it is no longer feels like it is inflaming my bronchial passages. bad: sinus pressure. :(
i miss justin :(
:( <<<<-----what?
everybody pleasee pray for my bestfriend :(
i want my m16 baaaaaaack! :(
arrrr my friend has just committed suicide i think arrrrrrr :(
havent .. so hungry.. :( maid cooking spaghetti later x]] then u ? :)
people under 15 aren't allowed to go. it used to be people under 15 had to have a guardian over 18. i'm 14 and a bit. unfair :(
mannnn i can't go see the movie tonight :-( movie was off the chain!!!!!! tyler perry did his thinggggg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pq?? :( tan feo soy?? u_u'
bully.... we have to talk... i'm mad at u :(
:( hikk ksian the one and only faustine's jeans yg uda mnemani melewati peperangan paint ball! rip jeans .. :'(
i hear that but i will if i have 2..im solo tonight soooo i have no choice :(
i want a water iceeeeeeeee :(
is leaving me tonight so im home alone :( someone come keep my company !!
pants just got a crazy rash that made him cry from chef boyardee. everywhere the sauce touched him was red and rashy :(
its all peace. no one wants to see me angry lol. long time no see :(
are some tag teaming ass niggas. i'm not taking this shit!! :( i'm out! *flies away*
let's just say it could of been backstreet wallpaper lol! my entire room was covered and i miss sleeping w/them :(
i'm having that.. eat a lot of dals... nuts are a daily snack... can't get over 55g without going way over calories :(
yeah hahaha i thought u loved me? :( lol
yes me too :) how are you??? fearless on mtv just now and i managed to watch the last 30 seconds!! :(
feeling tired & idk why :( * this movie is bangin! they're trained to never freakin lose!
i cant understand u im sorry i dont talk pussy talk :(
ak jg suka.. :( siapa yg ngrequest?rt #nowplaying my favorite song ever : rascal flats what hurt the most -- crying (t.t)
pleaseee eye drops!!! :(
i want my babe :(
about to give up on making a rb custom... this doesn't make any sense to me at all. it would help if i knew more about computers :(
omg, i feel you! :( its happened to me before <3 haha. but i bet last night was dope;d
never knew hw it felt to let ur 1st love go til now :(
off :( (@mirandaedu live on
guess i'll go to my room n look stupid... i wanna go home!!! :(
thanks for the #ff. you're the only one who #followfriday me today. i feel sad now :(
i really wanted to bet there :(
apple launches ibookstore: only us users :(
siiip.. :) hahahart ow gt. akhir april aja deh. awal mei gw tktnya udh mo uu : ( pusink dah
just left my comment on myspace. :(
i prolly be drunk already yo :(
where are you, huh? did you lost yourself in the toilet or something? miss you! :(
g ϑ bwin sm k putri.jahat dya :( alhamdulillah... kmrn dpt salam tuuhh... dr bk... hwahaha... (cont)
me too :( i'm not in a good mood
i don't feel likke a good fan of you :( we didn't get you to win kca :( i tried my best!! i'm sorry! d:
ah. but my head's been blank recently. i usually have a bunch of drafts up, but there's nothing on my blog right now. :(
lmbo!!!! ok i think i might cuz i wanted to go but i had this show so they left me :(
awwww :( u don't drink i presume?
omo, means you're starting school soon? :o, well if yeah, me too :( i like school just because of friends, not teachers. lol
grrr tomorrow i have alot to do. :( i have to wash everything. and pack more things now i know what i can bring. :)
my baby patch. i hope he recovers :(
i really miss my phone ; this is getting serious :( <i'm still here -_-
you didn't continue the song! you suuuuck. :(
throbbing headache :(
:-( i love icarly
pleasent day, boombastic headache now :(
missing chillin w/ my boys, :( ........ but withhh mmah famjamm,. <3
my dad says it's the quizs :( i geuss cause u hav 2 put ur password:( don't take quizs on here:(
ouchies!! i burned my thumb on the oven rack!! :-( jasper can u kiss it better?? *smiles up at you*
so many pieces i want at outré gallery. boo at bank account saying no to purchasing. :(
rinnah dropped off her first tooth :) how should a mother feel? :( :) :( :)
#prayforambercoker i wish this would trend and stay trending until she gets better!!! :(
did i mention we're getting an ipad? listen, it's free so we're taking it. but ours won't be available 'til the end of april! :( excited!
itsss almost gonee. :( but its ii & yuu
to bad i'm already home for the night! i love live music. stupid work! :(
posso desistir do meu beijo tb? :( +1 (@erick_kuhn live on
10:45!!! :) i don't think i'll be there for the 5:30! i'd have to come back to tech! :(
hey :( ... that's not good... why?
tryna find something to get into it's lookin like nothin :(
i'm gonna have to wholeheartedly agree on that :(
learning the hard way that the griffin elan form etch case looks terrible with a white iphone :(
well, sorry it didnt work out, maybe some day while get better support :-(
#jonasbrothers please come to peru :(
#fact this is one of the longest times ive gone without seeing : (
retweet please ngertiin gua dikit aja,gue sayang sama lo :(
this is the fxcken 843724588 time :(
aaaw your going :( bye x (#jazzmaneonustream live at )
:-( but:-) for whole foods
can girls watch it? ahh you tweeted i missed you. :( tweet more please, and come to vancouver :)
nyt! i can't find them.awtz.. :(
good friday and no meat. :(
you, my friend, are horrible. you took my idea :(
i'm doing that... it doesn't add up to 60g a day :(
is currently gobsmacked rarely do i have nothing to say to someone but when a friends heart has been ripped out silence says so much more :(
:( terrible. rt: doc rivers was so bad tonight that i just showered to get his stink off me.
i want to watch f1 too :(
:-( i missed my craigger!!!!
only us apple stores. :(
hawks lost :( bummer!! but my lakers bout ta do work on tha jazz :+) #ff
yes i know :) he was so awesome! i got his autograph but it was windy and it blew away :(
my video with mike from blessthefall is a tad bit awkward. im just kinda like casually waiting for a hug lmao ohh man :(
considering of deleting my twitter and myspace account ; getting out of this "internet/mobile" updating . its just got boring for me now :(
saya ga ikut soundcheck, sakit :(
aw tom crying in sober house was so upsetting :(
wtf , over my cousin house & nobody around this btch has wi-fi :( im about to screaam .
you had a nap!!! dammit!!! you cheater! lol i should have taken a lil nappy too...but didn't. :(
well....that was a short lived return to openeclair 1.3. :(
awwwww :( whatsamattayou? <3 i hope you're not getting sick :( #iheartyoubunchesandbunches
hey! you are el barto don't forget! why you're jelous? :(
tummy ache to the extremes :(
you know it. i miss her :-(
baby! are you drunk?! i miss you :(
thank god,i'm okay now.phew!!!that was very painful...should i consult a doctor?nobody else knows about this... :(
i'm going to refrain from comment cuz i don't want to hurt my man's feelings any more than they r now :-(
jd pengen beli yogurt :( yogurt♥
dayyuuuum niggas is really getting drunk tonight!! im always down to blame it on the alcohol, but i cant even fuck wid it tonight. :(
miss you :(
twitter isoff on my phone :(
my ny people are amazing. and 2 of them are moving to cali :(
my 4 year old is spending her first night away from home ever and i don't like it... :(
atlanta hawks at cleveland cavs final score cavs 93, hawks 88. :( can't stand lebron. boooo lol
4 1/2 hrs, i still have to get it colored! :( im dreadin it
it was really good! the only bad thing about this vacation was i was sick! :( i dont want 2 go bak 2 skool tho! hehe
are you in a bad mood or what? these songs are sad :(
my hair was so long before, i went to get it trimmed tonight and so much got cut off, it's not short but it looks too short to me :(
that sucks :(
ya ya. but it's not as simple as we said.. :(
it's so depressing, i hate not being able to talk shit :(
