come to wonderland!!! it's 8:20 pm & i have no plans :(
on a resellers website very expensive. and mom was like u are so welcomed! :( hahahahhahahah
ditto! we miss i miss the new malloys :(
17 moree & there is only 5 minutes left or spank won't take off his shirt :(
hahaha its like the best show ever! dan laughed at me when i said it was my favorite :(
i miss you :(
this sucks :( .... where do live? #jonasbrothers #jonastour2010
actually..looks like im staying in :( someone come over! hmu
first day. my stomach is so sick :(
everybody please stop making fun of on here!!! hes really sensitive and this hurts him. hes really sad now. :(
orang kaya! hahaha merci lg ci?rt loh ktnya pindah ke sing ? :( t zomg! i'm getting a car soon! yay me!
ps those green peep toe flats no longer exist in size 8 :(
ok, won't have internet for about a week. so my only source is my bb. i'm disconnected :(
you gleeks are quiet tonight. :(
might not have a phone for a day :(
you guys all good? :(
the #celtics loss tonight was another tough one :(
i hate you right now. :(
no, comcrap doesn't offer that :(
it is kinda g thou.. i must admit.. :-( lol.
won't happen :( i've got bootcamp 2 teach hope you take some time to rest and recharge this weekend. :)
sucks that you have to work tomorrow :( i need to work in my flower beds too. maybe next weekend.
rt: b o s e n :(
yup me too and my head hurting! » i randomly just felt really nauseous. :(
well haven't heard anything from him yet...and it makes me sad.. :(
jus askin aint talked to u n a min :-(
1:45! d: you wake up late! & meanie :( *cries in my corner* & nothinn eating some foood! :]
i really want this job and i haven’t got a call yet :(
i miss my pc :(
:(
too many technical difficulties tonight :(
ughh...ur back in philly :(
no, seriously. that stuff is expensive! :( + :) = ipad
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
lol word i hate tht hoe. she's depriving me :( {---well yall heifers need 2 come 2 a consensus....lol
was in the little group that met you at the radiostation in nov, & she's the only one who hasn't been replyed to :(
damn i hate these allegery attacks :-(
nah she goes to a different skool... :(
why i'm loosing followers? :(
dad and brother are* funny? idk :(
ahh did they really? i loved the book :(
really just finding it hard to believe we are only a few hours away from our final team performance of the season :(
i really hope i don't have a hangopver in the morning :(
sorry loc! :/ my ipod touch screen is cracked! :(
awww! yah, too bad. i don't know if i'm in the mood to drive back to town. sorry. :-(
i know :( i reaalized that like 2 minutes after i walked in the door.
lol whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy you dont love me anymore :(
maaaan i'm finally understanding why cakes & cupcakes are so expensive :( i'm still decorating cupcakes!
q:are you also at home on a friday night lik... a:yeaa. we r losers. :( we can be losers tog...
my throat hurts :(
i envy arts class. :(
so far so good i need more friends so i can build my yard :(
km dmn dir emgnya? sama tapi ga bisa :( mau deh ntn otw 68
eu achhoq o tom nunca vai me responder!!! please say hi to me! please please!!!! :(
oh that's why! lol i was looking for the channel. i'm on timewarner :-(
huh?? why????? :3 fyi i only did it cos someone told me to and i didn't want to disappoint that certain person :(
can anyone recommend any good basketball courts open late in/around koreatown? i live in k-town but don't know. :(
thanks! this week has been great. i really wish i didn't have to leave tomorrow. :(
ngidam starbucks nee . hari ini harus belii :(
blm tauu syg hehe tp yg pasti aku mau ke senayan cari tempat ujian buat undip nanti huhuhu :( cieee mau blanja yaaa? ihiiiy
no. my screens shattered :(
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwww that mel me :(
rt: jackayma: my back hurts, :( this isn't good. -my eyes hurt... i'm sleepy.
:( sandy's taking her situation too personal... what more can i say to help? sometimes you just gotta help yourself.
yeah they do. brit never tweets, and when tweets sumthin it's her team, not her :(
q:hi :] have you ever been to a concert? if you have, who did... a:n0 :( sadly .. how abwt u ?
yep ive had it a few time. my comp is old and crap though. i need a new one badly :(
no car :( waiting for my dad to get home
icing smh first day back in fl i get hurt :(
eu nunca fui :( (@thiagobanik live on
on the train headed home! def didn't want to leave my prima alone :(
we've been calling you all night ross wanted to talk to you :(
aww :( *hugs you* i'm here for you, okay *smiles*
the wings aren't the same without you :( you shoud probably come out of retirement and b a wing again! :)
maybe i have to tweet more to get a follow :( i don't want to spam him!
hey is there any chance you can make a dream come true with someone? :(
pissed at dani? :( like it really gets annoying. good for you that your going to jamaica with paul (cont)
idkk loll haha gotta talk to mell and melo but im not goin tomoro :(
shoot :( the #celtics loss tonight was another tough one :(
ok i really want to go see the last song it just looks sad :( but its not gonna interesting because its miley cyrus..so idk i just wanna cit
yeah i know smh thanks babe :( what a nice way to spend my weekend huh lol
i'm really upset who ever was my "secret admirer" hasn't emailed me back yet. :(
that means i cant go to my own house shing ding :(
rt:@corymoldenhauer: if you want my number ;) rt== buht that wud never happen :(
is it one of those things that you can't help but think of? :(
i seem to have lost my touch. now he just cries harder when i hold him. :( #fredders
gw smalem di apt bellagio soalnya, bukan di apt dia... :( eeehhhmmm .. pngn mandi (cont)
omg sooo i jus found out mr. wasnt following me this whole time :( saddfaceee all over the place
i'm going to miss rachel :(
how to tell you're a student activities advisor you watch minute to win it and take notes for future events...on a friday night :(
:( okay, whatevs, / alec, / alyssa, / jack, and get my 1000th ..
ohhh. haha! hey can you tell to follow me? oh please?! :(
gettin dressed :-( <== turn ur frown upside down luv... :)
teee extrañoo muchooo :(
btw, where are you, i'm missing you on twitter. :(
i need the work out plan :( i'm tired of bein a fat hoe.
i miss my parents where are they :( ;; why is everyone missing their parents ?
gotta stay up til 4 in tha am tonight cause i gotta work 7p-7a on sat and sunday. : ( as long as i get my hours i guess ill do it.
i just wanna practice my sneakiness.. :(
really? :( aww men! :/ missing some people? why? :o
show is sold out. still not enough to unlock swarm. :( #kode9 #firstworldproblems
:(
i am pissed... u have no idea! bout 2 charge my phone... smh. dis is sum bs 4real! :(
i'm sorry about your grandpa kak :(
lol vanessa is the young girl cousin taller than me :( ?
im sory joceecakes. i wont do it again. :(
you should be in love with twitcam. when will you do it again? :( it's funny! xx
work 2-10 tomorrow :(
what email? i didn't get one :(
:( i is sad nows! mal mal :( i sorry.
i can't draw :( i never finish because all these thing on the interwebs distract me! like hot monsters & games &
on my way home on the bus. no karen :( her and i had a fun day. =d karen your so cute. haha
really hate i fell inlove.... :(
i know! i don't have much money to go to the movies these days, so i get mad when they end up being all show and no backbone. :(
yaah.. serius qt..rt yy djo neh ? akaka cindy.. qt minta ole2.. selop joger.. last day bali :(
wats ya point tho? rotf im the baby of the crew! :( (they got jokes all (cont)
just caught up on !!! bye bye to one of my favorite queens :-( so sad to see her go
itbwasnt them :( but its getting packed
:( worse foot cramp in the world
my house gt paintd . hav to wait anothr week fr me to c.. :(
what up? here i am! stayed home to get rest, well sleep really, but i haven't done so :( hw done?
my sinuses are the worstttt :( bed with an awful headache.
