no work today so i don't get paid. and my fave cafe isn't open! starvin' like marvin! :(
can you some how tell to start singing more? :( i love her song m.u.r.d.e.r and jump on <3
:( and you always forgets about me -looks down
lol...nevermind then...its past its prime...sorry to hear ur feeling sick :(
& renz looked like he was about to cry! :( #jonasbrothers
so tired. such a bad sore throat. :(
around 2 more hours until i get home getting into alligator alley :( but it was worse it.. i can't know thank you enough..
back to my normal work today :-(
so never called me back :( that's what's up.
god yes! :( if you hate it when your internet browser 'stops working' and shuts down!! #idoit2
no it is neccesary... but okay, whatever you say shawn :(
lo mesti ajarin gue dong please :(
okay. cranberry juice i hate you as much as you hate me but can we work together here? please just this once? *belly ache* :-(
wow i cannot believe im getting teary eyed right now :(
i'll let you know how the nutella turns out babe. it's gonna be a long weekend. broke my fav little red guitar slide tonight :(
alright day :).. found out some shit about one of my bro's :( fuck it.. oil city tomorrow i guess gonna chill wit some people their
yes it's true i have left the blackberry family :( i'm told i will learn to love the iphone. we'll see
oopps i forgot to put #bryantjames at the end of that :(
you said #creed meaning u aint wna take me out :(
laptop died tonight :-( sending it off to service repair...do u know how much of my life is on that laptop!!! too much!
that last tweet was a big fat lie. back to me being the backup/ bounce back girl. sweet :(
i miss my sis already :( haha the last song is called that because of her fathers last song lmao ily sisterr
my girlfriends cousin got in a crash crash :( . . . i hope she's alright :\
the last song was sad :(
going to the doc tomorrow. i'm way too sick :(
:( we need a jamz reunion in vegas!! what the funk! where was my invite? :(
hahahahah sometimes i crack myself up lol..dat last tweet was funny...sigh..im so lame :(
#zodiacfacts a cancer negative traits : moody, crabby, manipulative, overpowering. <<< aint that the truth i sure can be : (
i wish i can go to hollywood bowl :(
i know i knoww :-(
my brother just bought a cool old falcon xb. now i want a new old car. :(
going to the beach tomorrow! staying for a week :o! i'll miss :(
sinus drainage is no fun. :(
my sis not making it noo better! she suppose to be on my side :(
they b takingg advantage of him.. =/ he's dwnstairs wrkingg now and he's hella tired. he's always tired now... : ( poor daddy..
*sigh* it's all i was looking forward too eating hahaha :(
i think im gonna have to take my prescription to the pharmacy. im not ready to stop taking the medicine :(
jus met up wit who knows wat the nite has in store lol<have fun for me guys! :(
you didn't even answer all of my questions :(
oy, who turned off the bloody heat? didn't they get the memo that it was spring already?? it's coooooooooooooold out!! :-(
the mcdonalds gave me a mctummy ache :(
yeah, we just left. :( there for an hour and non moving line with no music to entertain. :( it is.
poooor deany! :(
def just had a moment missing my .. so i'm watching her youtubes lol. thats my sis! we def had a crazy yr last year.. miss u :(
alright can't make it to the back rub :( so close but gotta sleep. work at 7 tomorrow ew
:( you okay !?
i miss my dad so much. :(
it does :( every time i see commercials for it, i get a little bit angry lol. seafood is my weakness.
lol ur the devil!! why would u wish me to go back :(
i'm sitting on the bed drinkin likka *happy birthday to me* :(
sis get me some more followers &nd you follow me too :( smh
its just too crazy and we r going to hit portland on our way down! :(
:(
yea, i only had 5 tonight....with dinner....i have trouble getting drunk off of only beer cus i get full before i get drunk :(
what?!?! :(
yes, but also missed the wonderful warm weather. :(
haw. almost finish with my frappé :(
:( i'm sorry .
had i known mcelhinnney was in net i wouldnt have bet on the #ducks against the #canucks :(
you're making me wanna cry :( lol
wish i was out and about instead stupid work!!! :(
