i wanna go to the movies wit him :(
heading to smu. the weather sucks :(
yo this is a wacc azz fridayim dead sitting hea bout to fall asleep :-( #damshame
aweful! i want my winter back! :( we r skipping spring. straight for summer.
i #hate that i could get my skateboard on the bus with me here :(
lmaooo cuz yeah i was completely takin that the wrong way haha...im bad :-(
ay oo nga showing na ngayon! pero bukas pa ako makanuod! :( clash of the titans today!!! woohoo!
i don't think i grabbed it... :(
i want to go out and swim but.. :( oh well, i'll take a nap first ;)
yay can't wait u moving away and i'm moving back 2 cleve :(
never texted back. maoww. :(
we still have to recover from the flood (literally) that the plumbers caused! can't move into 3 rooms of the house yet :(
aww :( you should start soon :)
my mouth hurts :(
perut gue sakit :(
did they just cut out "she's not me"! fail :(
:( crying :( is it worth it though ?
iya sip ty iya naa ,tapi gw takut :( do'ain juga ya naa .
im sad. o__o :( thats depressing. i think, that its that time again. the time where i feel like no one loves me. and im all alone. d:
im like losing the love of my life :(
gotta keep myself entertained since i'm home alone<---- awwwww --yeah :(
psh fine :( ..... but i lovelove that movie so it's all good. talk to you soon then? (l)
#fact i get irritated fast when my allergies starts fuckn w. me<~~no shit sherlockkk :(
my laptop is work...accident. :( thank u soooo much for offering to do that!! i wouldn't never make u though. haha
one of my besties is hurting right now and there is nothing i can do to stop it :( cherish the people u love
i'm so sad i'm missing copeland :(
wear shoes at all til they're healed/be in the sun/do anything to fade them. but i have to work starting wed=sneakers :(
awww haley :( that sucksss
it is ok it helped me get mine done i've been sick all day in bed :(
i'm tryna go upstairs & shower & sleeep but my momma don't wanna :(
:(
fight fight fight :(
which one of you lovelys wanna treat me to the movies?? i'm in my apt alone :(
hello sisterrr <~~~ greetings lil sis.. i miss my lil sis :( love ya
ooh i thought about getting a new pair of sunglasses today...but then i didn't :(
yeahhh... sadly. :( it's because i can't go out cuz my mom is working..
i have to wait a couple of weeks. :-(
damn i hate when i'm playing brick breaker cause sometimes my lil bro bugs and then i lose :(
im afraid of having children.. what if they had a really bad problem?? :(
those are cute, but too pointy for me. my toes would die. :(
i tried opening the pictures in photoshop but then everything just closed on me.. : ( windows viewer program?
hahaha. yeah. im bored. xd are you gonna make that tinychat? i would go on cam. but i dont have one :( my mom wont let me lol
taco bell is not the shiet for your stomach :(
ohmygod :( i've been thinking of you and this so much lately i wish i could do something
feel better ♥ i don't know how i'm feelin right now. no one can replace him. :(
omg i could just scream right now!!!! i'm not gonna be able to go out tonight i guess! : ( this is not what i had in mind for tonight!
chcken nuggets are sooo tempting though especially with barbeque sauce!! of course, not good 4 the figure :(
i really miss my mom :-(
iyaa :( next time when i come to malaysia we go out together okay. must! :) yeah we're all going, kamu tak ada =(
u right :(
awww man :( ohk
i wish you could too :( :(
i got strike. damon got...9 :(
..fine...sleepy time then, night tweeties : (
i think 2night is gonna be one of those nights. my wrist hurt & i can't find my brase. i need my favorite twitter friend :-(
omg! preciso ir no shopping :(
udah lama bgt ga scaling.. ngiluuuuuu dan skr gusi nya nyut2an.. no drinks and meals for the next hour.. kasian suamiku blm sarapan :(
p[lease get back? :(
yeaahh i knoww they'll go to colombia too :( i really want to go!!...
what the poo? i just lost a followerrr, :( now i need 6 more guys
my friends just surprised the shit outta me. i'm crying down......omg!!! * aww sooo sorry i'm not there :( im babysitting
oh my gosh...just woke up from a nap. why? smh. now ima be up all night :(
just watched this last weeks' survivor... boston rob went home... i wanna cry :( i hate russell
i answered "bee" but i couldn't get beyond the first question. :(
what?! ... see ok again this is the time to leave!!! lol jk... ahh that sucks! sorry :(
it is i hate it there. its so stressful and its not even worth it anymore to me :( oh but i still have the 17th off :)
i was about to respond no i never have! but then i realized that landon and i both did the other night :-(
i want more followersss ! :(
i want a baby bunny very, very badly :-( please someone get me a baby bunny.
this is a huge piece of ice in my smoothie! cold stone smoothies suck right now! :(
want a massage my shoulders hurt :(
frying fries and a egg :( with #mybrotha
it's 4:37 here in london & i can't go back to sleep :(
we point at things in the world all the time and we say "i need this, i need that"....and we make christ optional. :( he's a big necessity
aye where's that don't touch my fries girl ? idk how 2 spell her twittername properly :(
missing backrub this week. my daughter and i are spending weekend w/my parents. hubby & son r in glamis :(
watching another videofashion show in tribute of alexander mcqueen. such a brilliant man he shall be missed :(
happy friday back!!! well now it's almost saturday :( p
woop der it is!!! <-sounds like ur having fun :-(
i just realized im oging to miss church service on sunday #smh :(
going to look for wedding dresses tomorrow with my mom before she moves to london next week :(
ugh everybody talkin bout prom :( as if i wanna hear!! :/
why do i have to go to work?!!?! i just wanna stay at home and have a slumber party with my niece!! :(
oh i was going to promenade but i'm staying in =\ have fun :( keep me posted i'll be riiight here =|
well me and her havent been on same page lately and i tink she h8's me :( wat should i do <<~ leave her alone ?
me too smfh yes :( #random don't you hate when you express yourself & it (cont)
q:youu forgot about me && shit :( a:nah i aint forget about yu...dont say dhat =)...
audit yok!! kngen maen audit :(
awww sorry i've been on a hiatus :( idk when i'm gonna be back
i dread seeing the white line saying your status has been updated now incase it reads you've reached your tweet limit :( haha x
lol nuthin im guess im in for da night smh :( wat abt u
ikr!! i have a weakness :( i cant get mad at cute guys not unless dey fuck up royaly!
follow more people. xd... tmrw again. and the 9th and 10th. sory. :( unfollow temporarily if you wish.
and you tweet and ignore me i feel the love! :( :( :( <\3
no way!! so sad to hear that. :(
great! i told that and think i'm out of control and she agreed smh :-( lol
get #yosalt some followers. i lost 2 today :( lol
i'm so sad :( i'm about to cry </3
:( i gonna miss it! so many great performances to look forward to for anugerah hits tonight. i'm (cont)
sorry. lmfaooo, im so busy with this account. :( but yes i will!
rtrtrt rtrtrt please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
:( my mommy won't get me some!!! ahhhhh! :(
what happened?!? :(
is he done filming his show already? :(
ughhh. i really don't think it was meant for me and tineil to watch the princess & the frog ! :( :( :( :(
damn babe.. ur a busy bee it seems.. ahha i kno i only get you on the days ur live :(
just got home. omg im so tired. :(
ignorant loud mouth found seats right behind us. inability to whisper: verified with "i don't got no inside voice" moving now. :-(
*pats your head* oh :( you'll find a chad soon...
:) no u wrong its only #cesc 's gain :-/ ur pain..other's gain :) its a torture yaar :(
hairstylist at the photoshoot today teased my hair for two hours..this will be painful tomorrow :( goodnight sleep tight!
still can't believe i missed it :( ahhhhh... glad it went well though!!
i'm sorry :-( so sorry...deleting those tweets now, i did it so fast w/out thinking, sorry hun :-(
omg im gettin ready for bed on a friday night :( what has my life come to?
someone tweet me.. im bored :(
awwww :( perhaps chocolate will help?
it's only playing in union city and at the drive-in. : (
wow the party sucked :( and im stuck here till midnight :(
~*bieberstick*~
nevere got it :(
demi apa mas please bantuin gue. gue juga belom dapet ticket nih. nitip dong buat gue sama laras. please :( i'm begging to u.
pimples suck! :(
replied :(
waiting for the wind to die down enough to dock on choppy seas sucks, even on a big ferry :(
no we are searching for places now.. :(
yup all buzzed out! :(
i'm at home the girls are in dc :(
wit fina roll up b4 bowlin. i miss my son already :-(
imma sleep on my couch ...cuz i can't sleep in my bed alone tonight :-( fml
"roses" ivory #venice #lace trim 60" of it, though :( #wedding #bridal
i kno i had to look for myself n i was i like omgggggg not mi lil cuzzo :(
hey yeaa, maaf blm bls, trnyata pulsa abis :( yep, nxt week is deadline again -_-, tp abis itu kynya bisa ambil day off.
q:wowww haters suck :( a:yeah, just a little.
ga bisa italy.. :( tapi pengen jg belajar =d bisa bhs. italy ap?
don't like receiving worrying texts from when i am about to pass out :( please let me know when you're home x
only got 2 so far :(
:( not happy.
i feel i'm neglecting youtube and twitter just when i started getting a better number of subscribers :( but i needed a vacation haha
please ignore that i look so crappy! my sign for who sadly, wasn't on raw. :(
not nice guys, not nice at all. :(
i'm home pouting :(
haha so lame! a bs degree really is bullshit these days :(
