y ....?? backoffice job....?? baccha in the dabba m workin today :(
i wanna give up but then again i dont. i feel like will never notice me :(
yeah, it totally disappeared where my flip flop hit and half of the rest of it disappeared too :(
i went to grill these porkchops and it was sum bums on the grill w/ hot dogs.. smh :( ruined my entire dinner planned.
it's so hot!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm sweating like a pig! :(
get well soon my grandpa :(
any chance of gluten-free, caffeine-full goodies in the future? since i can't have wheat anymore i miss your brownies. :(
lol hide and go seek around fillmore anyone..? wish i went :(
i wanna stay up and talk to u barbz, but i just worked from 9am-10pm and i hafta be at work at 7:45am tomorrow. fml! :(
the last song. :( i loved it!
i hope you're not going to get fired or i'll freakin go on a rampage. :(
ohhh snap!!! i wish i found out earlier :( when do you go on??
nawww isn't on msn now :(
beethoven blaring on my house's 3ds speakers~ :( i love classical music, but not this loud (and not right now~ i'm trying to work here) o.0;
im forcin one of my besties to get a twitter but they dont want to listen :-(
the request could not be performed because of an i/o device error ~ oh god :(
me :( ---me too!!
on laptop all day n ma index finger a bun me :( wanna kiss it?
it won't let me see it either :(
we miss you so much, tom! i'm not kidding! we need you here :(
is wishin i wasnt still sick.. wanted to go oas sooo bad :(
best yams i ever had in my life....i want some :(
17. my prayers go out to his parents. i can't even imagine. :(
i hate when this happens. :(
fuuuuuuuck! ah dnt feel too good :-(
dis bicth dis the fuck outta :( --mann fuck dat #sadlilwannabe
not too sure why my neck hurts this much after a bike ride :(
so for a few brief moments i was followed by and that was super cool. but then i overdid the tweets and he ran away :(
why the hell so much fuss about sania's marriage .? :(
my sleep-wake cycle is so fouled up. must be the underlying depression. :(
attempting to sleep, but all i can do is toss& turn :(
i really hope she's ok :( love you <3
:( i'm so sorry to hear that. i wasn't able to make that decision for poet, and i still don't know if i did the right thing. >_>;;
thanks for all the #ff'sessesesss ladies!! i'm a poo-head, didn't get enough time in the day to do 'em this week... :( i loves youse all!
lol damn i feel soo on the spot. uhm idk what's funny to say :-(
i am such a big gurl went 2 da bar all by myself :(
itching to go out because upstairs neighbours are home/loud, but the wind! the wind! :(
iloveangiee . lmfao we madd hypee talken about this! :( junee 18thhh!
so is pelt octopus wrong... picking on the new guy doesn't make you cool. :(
catching 80's videos in youtube...toto, men at work... :( nostalgia ... #youtube
yall dont miss yall baby more then i miss mines :-(
lol. walking in the parking lot. :(
what? how'd you know that? :/ i know i'm lame. :(
ummm i miss you severly :( not one study date this year really sucks!
the twitpics wont work.. :(
fak, i shoulda came over for bake sesh with the zisterz :(
ha, i know :(
i wanna give up but then again i dont. i feel like will never notice me :(
would have been better if i would have seen you :(
shawty follow me please ill wait for you to follow me :(
i'm so soreee :( work is fun, but totally exhausting!
:( thats sad when was the last time u saw them?
:( i miss you too! i actually miss everyone even thos fuck faces lol
check this outt cuhh [ lmfao ) tell them follow me on twitter doe . i wish iwasnt mobile :(
omfg how did i jus get soooo sick?! :(
yes stressful day :( started with a hangover & will end with me having cocktails! good or bad!?!?!
and i wish you here! back to brazil, please? :(
that twitpic you posted, the link didnt work :(
thx u sorry to hear about your aunt, kenken :(
i didn't get into my favorite college :( and i pretty much made my life plans around it. it kinda sucks haha
176 mb is done of this impov video /out of 327 :( almost half way right?
fox barking sounds like dying :(
ok... i cant help but miss a certain person :( !!!
what?!? semenjak gw stop main sinetron, sorry :( pemain sinetron skrg ga ad yg ganteng!
wow thanks for stealing my picture with that sucks!!! :(
omg i am so sorry!! how did the school bus bang into her?! :(
k i had 500 followers earlier.. now i have 498 :( anyone wanna get me to 500? :)
swagginbieber justin, please follow me, make my dream come true, its like you dont even notice me. :( .. </3 2
i wish i was in my room, in my bed, listening to the br so i can feel more relaxed..cause right now i'm stuck in the kitchen. :(
yayyyy hopefelly right on time for my bday! but thts when mar is leaving!! :-(
anyone know's the name of the video tweeted about with lady gaga? vevo dosen't work in mexico :(
swagginbieber justin, please follow me, make my dream come true, its like you dont even notice me. :( .. </3 1
nono, dont cry! :(
please follow me? :(
swagginbieber justin, please follow me, make my dream come true, its like you dont even notice me. :( .. </3 0
is your amazing brother, ever going to get on and tweet again?? :(
i cant see the pic :( please follow me <3
if anyone finds a house key with a keyring on it, it's mine. :(
on phone with . she is on her way home finally after having to work an extra hour at work today :(
asleeeeppp my parents won't let me wake them :(
i need a job soon! real soon! :(
i love you more <3 but why :(
i seriously had the best day with at city walk.even though we missed :( it was still great
be careful!! no dying cuz then u can't take me to the zoo!! :(
feel like listening to some eminem but i dont have any of his songs. :(
ahhhhh just passed taco bell...oh how i wish i could get some!! ugh eff this diet thing... :(
he is kissed all whores of the city, this is absurd and the fault was not damon, was of producers :( they only w
i wanna be able to play guitar like casey james and taylor swift :(
yeah, after one ticket ... umm yup i don't do that anymore :(
crazy. horrible. :( report: notre dame recruit matt james dies after fall from balcony
justin, please follow me, make my dream come true, its like you dont even notice me. :( .. </3
& i aren't dead yet, but soon :(
did you not get my text earlier? d= the package didn't get there in time. :(
it looks extra dark and scary in my house right now :(
scary night it was so freaking scary :( :( :( ill luv u 4ever
damn i should have went out tonite i'm surronded by a bunch of kids ugh :(
siapa gt ntn clash of the titans yok. gw mulai membusuk di rumah :(
i dont want to go back to qc.... :-( ayaw ko din magsummer classes... :-(
maybe i've got a cold :(
lol well its the last ima have till sum1 goes foodshoppen :(
i miss my mom :(
i kno...miss my nella :( but i'll be bac :)
im soo mad lol, tony bought white meat n i bought reg n we eat da wrong ones :( shit was nasty lol
time ticks... it's starting to look sad :-(
:( i kno the feeling
i hit you up before :(
almost off ! long walk + bath then turn around & open tomm morning for work :(
im not laughing...please dont :( lol
mee too it makes me sadd :(
cuddling is needed :( oh mr. penguin where are you :'(. bad night.
gak tau, bosen banget abisnya nih.. :(
aw pattz :( i'll try to cheerup for you m'dear
i want seungho and raina not seungho and gahee :(
i saw a pot pie at trader joe's. i regret now not buying it. :(
i didn't win this weeks £13,000,000 euromillion lotto :-(
i'm good bb. just got back from chillin with some peeps. now reading silly vamp books. :-) sorry your so busy. :(
ohh im sorry i dont know :(
cookiessncream icecream :) .imissmy oh somuch :( .but i hope him having funs
its not free... 10$ is charge for it.. though its not a big amount, i don't have a credit card to pay online.. :-(
party got shut down :( what's good with tonight
accused :(
i wish would tweet me. but it's never gonna happen :(
:( the picture didn't work ---try ot again. it works for me
my tummy hurts :(
not that i've heard bb. :-( *sigh* that girl is mia!
more pain. ouch :( sleeps.
brothers is a sad movie :(
i need credits for my modem , so i can open twitter frm web :(
i've always been bad at commitments :(
so i spelt octopus wrong... picking on the new guy doesn't make you cool. :(
i just realized never came back :(
i finally got my oreo shake and i cant even eat it :(
gah where is true blood season 2! i had it on my laptop and its gone :(
is scared for him... :(
miss my #genoven27 :(
i was walking in the parking lot. :(
so i walked pasted ramshead tonight about a hour ago, wishing i was going to the concert :(
my whole body is aching :(
