rt: she is that. and yea i know. dont rub it in my face :( < i hope yu goin out tomorrow!
ok. i already miss syracuse bball. nba isn't the same. :(
lol....whow shot u mijo? haha<-- i shot myself. :-(
rir? i meant, chorar. :(
fuck my life ugh! not seeing why did i get married tonight :(
what? i'm not rude :(
agh!!! please don't go iphone on me!!! grrrrr!!!! i woulda sent you my old bb but i sold it! :(
i'm working :( come c me! what's up for tonight biotchessss!!
this is really sad :(
i wanna go 2 da movies bt i wanna go wit ma baby :-( o well soon enough i guess :-(
oh man, wish i was there.... :( have fun and be safe. i'm just getting off from work.
bugger! another night of no sleep. :-(
just realized i haven't seen any tweets lately from one of my favorite twitterers, #taina :(
:( hopefully you can go.! i only went because some of my friends couldn't go.
guy-ladies meet caren! pulls down his pants..ahhahahahaha....food!! :(
haven't been on twitter :( hiii everyoneee!
i care! -frowns- :(
this....semi-headache....---> :(
watching all these prince and princesses on disney on ice got me all sad all over again :(
my cheap ass has scoured the internet all day looking for a copy of little big planet that's under $30. no such luck. :(
crispin glover is on chelsea lately, i wish i could call him again! :( that was a hilarious day.
poor hiedi montag. :( she was way better looking before all the plastic surgery. now she looks..... like really fake.
i miss my bae. i wish he were home now imma be stuck in the house all alone tonight **sigh** :(
aww poor thing.. :( #getwellsoonsteph
sleep helps with everything. i guess its time to start taking my meds again, and i was doing so well :( oh well.
so i broke down and got a plug for my nose piercing. it hurts! :-( i'm not a fan. i'm hoping i can find a tiny one to wear soon.
i have noo clue! :(
i still wanna see the last song hahahaah(the commercial just came on)
ugh im so upset...so many of my friends are leaving nc in the next year and im frustrated that i can't stop it...things change so fast :(
i just played the meanest april fools on i feel so horrible :( lol
well i guess it looks like another lonely weekend ahead! :-(
aku bener . rip candy :) berarti anda yg salah, hhaa, rt: blum smpt aku liat :( (cont)
ugfjddcsayadjkm :( did not get in for modern dancing.
oh no :( get a macbook, we don't get viruses!
why castor oil? :(
i keep t.u. :( i feel like it!!! :(.... i can't even eat or drink water!! its terrible. i feel #dead. ;(
:( thts always what happens me and i'm not on break yet till next week :( sucks
still no net!? :( miss my little myspace rabbits! mwahah!!!!! *kiss* to you!!!!
almost died today. huge whiv update very soon :(
we must drink the "piss" for the liquor at the bar is so out of stock :(
o yea n i 4got 2 say my sister ripped my sweater! :(
the vacation madness starts now lmao wish u was coming :(
luv my phone...did ya get email add to send link to..lol aw. :( you should have an iphone. =dd lol.
its ok u owe me lol sowie ilyrt knowin i'm sore n no help !!! :-( lol (cont)
nem falo comigo hj né love :(
plan backfired :( now im stuck at the movies! lol
4th quarter we only got a few seconds.. mann we gonna loose :(
nothing to do for tomorrow :(
i'm waiting for a call but i havent got it yet :-(
you very welcome u never went on my page and seen my pics of my tats :(
you never texted me back :( lol
hardcore!! its time for body pump... feeling so sleepy :(
awww darn it :( well next time she tweets i could always try again for you but then i don't follow her so i won't know haha
hope everything is ok steph. :( -sending prayers-
everyone is sleeping, now that i'm off. :(
this insomnia is messin up my life kmt y am i wide awake :( gona feel it at wrk
there's no target here in canada :(
you give me butterflies just came on. omg dont wanna listen to that right now it makes me wanna cry. :-(
get well soon yaahh ossa , i'm praying for you kok :(
that's depressing :(
