mark needs to be in la, hello he's a plastic surgeon. it so makes sense. it's too messy and complicated with pete and sam :(
hwhwhw, mangkae ituuu :(
just saw the worst chatroulette gif ever. ugh...i feel sick. :(
awwww, magic lost to the spurs. :( (damn you san antonio)
we are supposed to get the rain on monday :(
ahhh noo dd cant be going :( im soo upset now
when you drive to san diego at night, you don't get to see the giant boobs :(
i need an apple connect!!! :(
hey we were trying find one another on twitter last weekend at wizard world. failed :( found you now though :)
lol ; i take that as a no :(
watching "diners, drive-ins & dives." just realized menu transparency requirement in #hcr is gonna kill like 90% of these places. :-(
trying to lay down without making my ear hurt even worse! :(
i'm upset. i just read all of 's tweets and i am sad to say, i think he has a girlfriend. :(
anak smip siapa yg mninggal? my deepest condolences buat anak smip yg meninggal :( may you rest in peace.
im sad i didnt get to buy the dress i wanted on forever 21. it was closed :(
i don't wanna go back to vero tomorrow :(
aw sweetheart i'm sorry. :( i saw, but thought it was just a close call.
lookin for my hello kitty shorts...they're no where to be found :-(
although i wish you were bringing both of those home with you :-(
or maybe you're just too meticulous, which is not bad. why did u run away without saying hi again to me :(
not much mum just crushed my dream :( wbu ?
nothin. its a longstory. and i cant really say. sorry :(
to com sono mais continuo aki :( < that's what i see in my timeline ? #nobeuno.
you can eat it. i won't be at church tomorrow to get it. :(
hi i'm so awake. i'm not drunk anymore though :(
shhhhaaaaddddyyyy! :(
yes it's true i have left the blackberry family :( i'm told i will learn to love the iphone. we'll see <--chea wackberry
well a year ago my grandma died of cancer and a month ago i had to out my 1st dog down :-(
hahaha, he thinks they're gay. :(
just killed at "table hockey", haha :) time to go home and pass out, leaving for work at 830, yuuuck :(
ouuuchhh ! my head huuurtsss :(
awwww! pizza good, sore from the gym- bad! :(
:( be happy little friend! :) p.s i wanna see your new hurrrr!
online still my injury still hurts :(
ahh damn! i missed the #diordolls tinychat :(
he was somekind of wonderful :( he's not anymore somehow.
my ceiling fan just turned on by itself. creepy :(
ask gue aja.ntr gue ask balikrt jahadh :( males ah.hahaha ask gue dong bo huehehe
no one to baby me :(
i'm still seeing stars lol won't let me have the new player page layouts :(
ok guys...i gotta go :-( but keep #jonasbrother the #1 tt and make #jonastour2010 a tt!!!!! :-) tty have a jonas day/night love yall-bri
who did you go to the symphony with? didn't know you liked it. used to love going, has been a long time :(
i wish i was back in jersey to see my family too :(
dad!. . . . are you there? why are you quiet? don't respond me :-(
i need a cuddle monkey :( or someone to talk to.
was such an amazing film! "unity" is next.... we're all waiting for it shaun i seen it! :(
poor us :( let's do it for future,,, !!su su meung! ok!! you too. have a great weekend with นปช. na jaa.. hehehe
without me :-( i getz no love from u
omgosh i'm so tired i cld cry!!! nd i gotta be back up 6...smh :-(
here with man i wish was here :(
i'm #lowkey feeling this dude but i don't know if he feeling me :( o well....
why xl whyy setting unlimited gue tiap bulan ngadat?? now i pay more for gprsing :(
thats why im gaining weight :(
hey would it be possibale to make a mobile frinely solia? my computer broke and i can only get online with my phone :(
every chance you get, you run to ltown! :(
are u following them? & u could "@" them for help. not pc. sorry matt :(
i really just want a hug. where is matthew when i need him? :(
in bed eating type upset :(
on the way to jakarta :(
and once again i come to realized, ur a loss i cant replace .. huaaaa :(
last day tomorrow :( today: lap=20.3c freeform=21.0c toddlers=19.2c
my day is only 2/3 over :(
all of it was the worse todayrt fries tha worse! i just ate steak and shake and i was disappointed! :-(
here's the dilemma. i want you to be succesful but i don't want too many people to know about you. is that selfish? sorry :(
profanity is so unattractive :(
why does everything work out the way it shouldn't?! :(
now i'm gonna cry :( awwwie
