i hate being ill :(
mg i want to go see rose funeral.real bad :(
i predict that today is gonna be a boring day :(
com sono :(
everyday my mummy promises to call me buh she doesnt.. has she 4gotten abt me already?.... :(
n just like that my craigs list career is over :( lmaort i'm straight! lol
friends...who needs them?!? :( ugh.
ohh gitu yaah kk invite lg lho td :( hee iya td mau ngedecline smua request yg dona (cont)
says we're suppose to go swimming now, but sam got sick.. :(
arghhh. wisdom toothache is here again.. :(
oh god. i miss charmed so much <3 :(
my battery poor :(
still not asleep. why? cuz she's still on her phone. she won't get off her phone until she's ready. i'd reaaaaaaally like to sleep now. :(
aww that sux! :(
as if i don't miss david enough as it is, now he has no phone. this is gonna be a long week. :(
i wanna cry!!<<don't cry reeka reeks :-( lol
if u listen to pramore songs backwards... they scare the shitt outta you!!! :(
of all the cancelled tv shows, i think i miss "terminator: the sarah connor chronicles" the most... :(
ingin pulang ya allah :(
#followfriday would be the shit , if i wasn't so sleepy and finna get off twitter b4 i pass out :(
soon... first i have to take care of john and charlie, and it's getting hawt! & i have to go to bed!! :(
sis can you get me more followers &nd you follow me too :( smh
no!! there's only us!! and jayla... :(
errr farewell party? need suggestion dear :(
fuck. bitch wants to watchj ju-on. i scared :(
ghost adventures tonight .. head is pounding :(
ahhhhhhhhh n sai nao :( (@thiagobanik live on
feeling a little hurt and rejected :(
:( awwww why?
#nowplaying; love lost | trey songz ---- : (
my 294th tweet.. omg masih segitu.... :( sigh...
not being nice to you everrrrrrrr again :(
:( do we want to know?
i'm sad hasn't texted me good morning : (
day two and my voice is still gone! :(
i woke up from a weired dream & now i can't go back to sleep :-(
baru dpt kabar dari woooh :o shock dan sakit hati bgt deh jadi g mood buat nnti malem :( cepet lulus pleaseeeee!!!!!
annnnd he missed it : (
omg... somebody please buy me final fantasy xiii :(
i miss talking to .. :( my heart is not a whole without her.. </3
haha that's right. i love them so much. i want one now. : ( i haven't had a cat in years!
so... the people across the street are having some sort of party. they're loud and laughing and stuff. makes me wish i could drink. :( boooo
if i tell you who i was just stalking will you tell me? :(
just saw he bums me out :(
welp i didnt get to go to the movies tonight :( maybe tomorrow
#kevinpleasetweet :(
my ears have no more holes :(
:o :( :'(. hahaha. you meanie!
haha sure ;d & ohhh :( hahaha okay no probz ;d so..earthquake. fandom : ??
frontal! buset aduh ko orang2 sekitar gw pda kabur ya abis gw kentut :(
i told y'all coulda called me. i would have came to nessa house :(
tired :( but not tryna hike 3 levels to my bed. =/
yooo s0n its gramz!!! :(
missing my oldest brother :-( dont wanna get used to not having him around like b4 free kasseen ily
my hands are cold :(
welllll...my birthdays ovver :(
ow ow ow it hurts so bad omg omg :( ow
aww really wana go up town :( i will sort my id out today then i got 2 birthdays to go to xd gatecrasher here i come =d xxxxx
omg! i did!!! it was so sad :(
like always hahaha...rt guess wht?? br bangun jd gak jd jamilnya :( hehe..rt banget fem!!
