damn,i hope i dont have to wipe my bb clean :(
wow perdy sure i left my necklace at tanning salon all i can think of :( i went on tuesday ugh gonna go tomorrow hope they have it :'(
please follow me? you never notice me :( and follow we bought serious 20 times each! no joke! 5
what will it take for you to reply my tweets and dms? :(
apparently i am hazardous to health tonight. :(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
i wanna cupcakeeeee :( :( cause its cupcake weather. damn and im helllerr hungryy.
i couldnt sleep all last nite. i love summer, but it hardly became 80 degrees. and our a/c's not working :( my fan's being retarded...fml
boo last song :( this always made me sad when i was there!
sweet night ends after just three months — allkpop /via cos no sooyoung :(
no! you said you were gonna be absent for a whole week :(
it's only saturday?! i want monday to come quick :(
this is my laptop, use it for gaming, graphics, movies and everything, awesome machine, got mine from pc world :( #mhi
and that vegetarian stall causeway point closed down le!! i love the food from that stall!!! :( to the max!!!!
my feet are cold. :(
what? why? :( *hugs* don't cry
today's news was upsetting. you'll be missed. :(
i cant see too :(
can't win at philosopher's phootball :(
had fun wit monkey i miss her :(
dont think i got it :(
"shinee's hello baby" last broadcast information: tuesday, april 6 12:10 a.m. (last broadcast). no its going to end :( :( :(
dammit! i don't check twitter enough & i missed a happy hour with you :(
nopeee :( link pleasee! i tried to open it but it doesn't let mee d:
september 2008, i miss you so much :(
but we're still stuck with yours :(
should be out on the town, but instead i'm home sick. :( i hope that 3 gallons of oj and tea i drank today wasn't for nothing!
he got out on the word indigestion :(
i envy you so much! i couldnt listen to armin' set :(
lost some followers :( . oh well theres plenty more to get
nothing.. geeez maybe i wanted to see it!! did you ever thing about that?! :(
yes, but its way to big. :(
i hope mr bun bun's okay! :(
i kind of wish i was more active. grr my illness :(
hrm..when did you sign up for bp? if you signed up before 4/1, its only 4 songs til we roll out the upgrade for current users :(
dang it. i went to bed at 7 and missed big time rush :(
follow please ... please .. i thought u see all our tweets but u haven't follow him... :(
loooove youu lol oh shit my ex just got on... i'm in trouble :( #shoutout2dagirlz who put me in check and make me eat my words.
reached my twitter api limit :(
"you cannot fuck the future sir, the future fucks you." deadwood was so awesome. :(
. . . and me. : ( i want one, though!
i'm also stuck at a concert until 11:30 minimum :(
yeah but ryder :( i agree. maybe she should just go visit them. she should just have her own show. :)
♥ you 2! miss talking 2 you :(
the pain is bewildering. exactly that i am bewildered. i can't understand, can't make sense of what's happening, it hurts that badly. :(
kso is not noticing me too :( i'm invisible. :(
yup....definitely got a sunburn.....f*ckin great!! :(
i see my homies fadin' in my rear view. :(
aaaargh! maceeet :(
i cant see the pic :( oooownt, happy birthday pattie, thanks for the perfect son that you have a
aircon (sort of) fixed, apartment to myself sadly i think it's the best time to work. :(
:( i know, when did u get to the picnic?
true not blaming just bad luck boss vinaash kaale vipreet buddhi :( am guessing she was in a rush/no rickshaws around
oh no no no rambut gue brantakan bgt :(
did u dissolve the acct? i can't find it. : (
my belly hurts :( its felt bad all day and i still cant seem to breath
time to find my way home :(
i wish it was christmas! :( falalalalalalalala(: best time of the year x]
im ever more pissed cause my stomach hurts so badly and i cant sleep :(
why do i feel like this ??!! :(
parah bgt yank,tar kamu liat deh.emosi bgt liatnya :( haha dsr recehan :| anak2 (cont)
sisterr bestfrann is gonna like it sheesh i miss tim :(
i miss you guys! it feels like i havent seen you in forever :(
omw home from work man i thought i was never gonna leave :(
my last gold fish died :-(
i know...sorry!! :( i re-uploaded using tweetphoto instead
i was trying to figure out who was upsetting you. :(
bar is packed! everyone is having a blast...21st bday.....but i feel sick n wanna be in bed :(
somebody needs to un-pwn wearpython.com :-(
i really dont get it. u keep saying ur recording guitar parts, but the storm for example, has no guitar. its pure techno :( wtfff
