it wnt let me upload it :(
i wish was here so he could go see why did i get married too with me ! :(
yeah!!! i hope they do an actual world tour but the planning in that would be insane :(
i'm still on the road :(
goodnight :(
now i know it will be hard, but if this is a fav cuz i think that u should if u break down that's ok ur hurting :( my prayers!
my hair is up, yes but i worked all night. :(
ackkk no :( lemme check your tumblr
last sector and i'm done. :) i wanna watch movie.i wanna watch movie too but no time :-(
k. going off now. bringing lappy along to chalet. i hope there' wi-fi :(
talking about guatemala, most people in the us dont know how lucky/blessed we are. kidnappings, rapings, killings are common in guatemala :(
no, not really. :(
calling it a early night got noone to keep me company :( goodnighttt
why are you so perfect? :( why do you make me feel in love with you?
now i can see u but i have no webcam on this computer :(
ugh i know i don't understand why she sings :(
hey no text? lol. :(
no shout out for the stars winning two in a row? :-( **lol**
ga tauu... aneehh ginii.. indosat sial nih :-( bbm lo knp sey?
i wanna go home :(
sorry you couldn't find someone you know... :(
whyyyyy??? i try to be nice to niggas but they keep fuckin up my shitttt!!! : (
not a great deal at the moment coz it is pouring with rain outside :( looks like it is gonna be a dvd afternoon .. what u doin?
:( is how i'm feeln' << what's wrong love?
:"(rt shinee's hello baby will end at 12th episode :( #kpopfacts
this sucks. :(
hey, thanks for asking- yes & no. i recovered them and they were on the phone 2day 4 hrs backing them up- now my photos :(
make a video of you taking a shower? please i and my friends & just stayed in the imagination :(
please stop reblogging. :(
because im tired and sleepy!!! :( i went out last thursday though...i think i needed to calm down and chill lol
for some strangest reason my ipod doesnot play any of the songs from #apkgk ...this is crisis situation ! i hate it :( i will sync it again!
i am a sad girl i can't add back on bbm :(
i need a hug. :(
lauracore!?
knp lu au ? fudul mode on !! knpa au?rt astgfrlh . ada tweet yg nyakitin banget :( :( :(
yeah, i know. :( <3
awww i wish i was there<i wish you were here too :(
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
i wonder what it would be like if i lost myy momma.. :(
oh no, if there was that much pollen where i live i would feel/look horrible! my allergies are hitting me full force this year :(
really?i thought it will end at ep 13 t^t hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
well everyone has gone out, and i'm at home alone. i hate being alone. :(
aahh u goin genting :( sooo awesome :( drivin thr baby? wuhooo 2nite speedzone tour at genting who's goin?
why is the club i'm at playing country music :(
what the hell? o.o awh, why? :(
awww! that sucks :( and i mean, fall/winter has great stuff too, but i just like springy clothes :)
omg i feel bad for not going now damn :( full house x2.
more onshore :(
well dam u make me wanna go find him for u lol i know that feelin & it sucks :(
i need ay prom date :-(
believe it or not, im sick again. :( screw you immune system!! my whole body hurts. sweet nibblets! but #jonasbrothers is trending. :))
rest in peace heath ledger :(
can i get an amen ---> ...this is why i drive my vehicle alone ...so i can leave when i'm ready :(
yeah :( & i thought they were gonna say mike was the one that died. shocked the heezy out of me.
five days into a 28-day "tysabri vacation" it's gonna be a lonnng four weeks. think the world will wait for me? nah, me neither. :(
i think the monster is back :(
i am sorry you both are in a shit mood :(
movie on demand isnt working.. bummer! i already made the popcorn and everything :(
uqh, it wass :(
this has tshirt written all over it! i'm froze out of the br again tonite :(
i'm not driving :( i think we are going to llyods....
delhi is gr8.... getting hotter everuyday. i was expecting to see you here :(
kenapa kamuuuu? :( novikuu huhuhuhuhurt mee!! need someone's shoulder to cry on :"""""((((
there goes my perfect day... :(
i don't want to go to work today :(
or tomorrow. or on monday. i just wanna sleeeeep.
:( yeah, but you get to spend lots of time with them?
god.... i was thinkin something to say and i know i forgot! ughh :(
i have super long nails right now which really scares me as i dread the way they might break :( (btw wearing mac coconut ice) if u care lol
ok ok... i admit it. i still got a one month xbl code i got from a guy on twitter a while back, but it's still just a month... :(
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
wax fang is making me pregnant. :(
i miss mine too! :( i tell u twitter peeps i miss my wifey!! *kelz!*
iv been thinking about you all night, thats why i cant sleep :(
being pulled away from ff... and being dragged out! i'm so deep in it i haven't even been on here! hmph! :(
ugh! :( on my way out this door.....still horny! :( --> make that call...
ah just got back for the er :(
sepi banget rumah gue :(
they are so skinny that i definitely think i am so fat! :(
leaving fort ilocandia :( time flies so fast! wish i could stay here a bit longer :(
te extrañooo mi ray!!! :(
i called you todayyy ! i had newsss to tell : (
hottest guy ever in line!! he looks like jesse metcalfe!!! but he's gay... damn it :(
i want to leaveeee. :(
hi. i cant check. :(
:( dntt be madd at mee bestieee ..
my newly minted 6-yr old ellie impaled her heel on a 1-inch wooden spike. had surgery to remove it. received 4 stitches. my 1st kid in er :(
i'm a #jasminator !! but i dont think you'll ever notice me and follow me :(
i really need to spark up... sure wish my local weed man delivered :-(
whad i do :( hahah
you lost another follower, so did i :(
aw man i miss those idol bubbletweet :-(
#pens vs #trashers tomorrow! gosh am i gonna miss the igloo :( but nevertheless lets end the final homestand with a few kick ass games ;)
or when facebook suggests you "keep in touch" with a dead friend :(
good god, i'm behind on podcasts. 48 hours worth. :-(
dear laundry thanks for swallowing my crutchtip.. i really can't thank you enough :(
:/ it's not that it's :( ugh can't explain rele
my stomach is burning. think it's new meds. doctor said "most meds cause stomach problems. it's nothing to be concerned about." :(
i need someone to txt.. :( #lonelytweet #smh
yaah.. :( dmana showny ? enjoy the show dea :)
daaamn i missed my 2,3456 tweet! :(
it still hurts but now its deaf too. :(
okay i asked him let's see wat he says, i don't have a good feelin about this. :(
missed you at stars on ice tonight :( glad you're happy in russia though
no invitation? #wearedone smh :(
twitter wont let me change my pic :(
i hate mcdonalds but there's no other option. :(
why do i keep doing this!!?!?! i look like a unicorn now! :(
oh hehe, dmn dmn ? uga undang semua anak ipa2 syg sy tdk diundang :( bukan syg di
arghhhhh what a way to start off the weekend... delayed flight :(
always all ways (apologies, glances, and messed up chances) by lostprophets <3 this song just gets to me everytime :(
iyaa? mau liat :( sumpah enak banget bel (y) tanya tuh dia udah liat kantin smak7
im thirstyy :(
want to make handicraft from trash 4 science hmework... bt i'm so confused what i can make,. :( anyone cn help???
lmfao , i look like death right now , so hungover :(
ugh..its 5.30am and ive just been throwing my guts up :(
why are there not many aussies on twitter, i have no one in my time zone too tweet with :(
i missed youu! :(
considering using a personal day 4 a quick visit 2 nyc. at this rate, it could be my best (possibly only) chance 2 see tr. :(
shit, won't be able to hang out with ocho cinco :( still painting egs...
freaking out and i want to hide under my blanket forever. :(
lol, and yes i do! :(
yea it was so sad. : (
not much bitch miss you :(
that feeling's coming back to me. :( go away. i don't wanna go through this phase again.
i want cheesecake now for some reasonn :( lol
non of my friends are in twitter!! sorry :(
gurl did you get the tiara tho :(
no way i would ever win at #survivor :( prob do good on the challenges but would suck at the outwitting :( not a good liar..except for now
mine was going fast but i restarted when i switched computers and now it's going super slow. :( maybe it's online somewhere.
s wants t. so jealous!!!!!!!!!!!!! my life is over :(
i'm sorry. we expect it on the partner level(not that we like it either), but it's not okay to do it to loyal customers. :(
you just left && i already miss u!!!!-- right?!! :( what you doin??
thanks and i hope so 2...but it will be awhile...cuz i don't have time(thanks to classes) or the money it cost to get there :(
not gon' lie...it bums me out that you didn't at least or respond that i showed you the time's poll to pass on. :(
didn't forget about you girl, no luck here either! mad rush on toy story party stuff? sorry. :(
i assumed as much. :(
i'm sorry to hear that. :( been quiet lately. my beloved dog passed 10 days ago. i have a big hole in my heart. i miss...
or for the worse. :(
for real, finally. actually i haven't sat down to watch a game for like a few weeks :( not really in the mood
awh, my kitty cat must be having a nightmare, she keeps flinching :(
are u mad? :(
anytime <3 i miss my grandma too :( there are so many things i wish i'd told her...
