get on now... :( please<< lmfao this is funny...cat missed you! ((i didddd)
parem de rir :(
did u know dat got me jumped :( lol
for some reason i do not feel good at all right now :(
going to see i miss him :(
wish my boo was here :(
lol i wish it was that easy :( apparently twitter sex is the new thing. i don't get it. my phone is not sexy?
i'm not a fan of my brain. bad model. :-(
:( because claudia is not attending! bah.
parents turned my phone off :(
some people make me jealous :( they have all the luck and i have all the crap lol. damn unfair.
rt!! dear time, would you go slower? :(
i will most definitely shoot for monday, although i can already see a myriad of ways how that might not happen, haha :(
thanks kris but i don't get it :(
bes is in bicol na. i'm so jealous... i wanna go out of town too! :(
i have to sleep in my room tonight.and im so scared a roach is going to try to attack me again :( ima sleep paranoid tonight
so bored and have no one to talk to :-( txt or call...need some excitement
fck man, i misss youuu! :(
ok so tonite is my 1st nite back home in like 3 weeks!!!!! i miss :( don't worry babes i'll b back ur house tomorrow lmao
waiting for reply :-(
watching the lakers v jazz game. it's pretty much a low out. i miss her :( i'm worried.
e misery. :(
i know. just like i told em... i knew it was gunna happen... :(
i have no shots left :(
kid has discovered the restart button. :(
most likely. i'm trying to go through my website. i'm 99% sure. i'm awaiting verification. if i can't than i'm screwed :(
rt!! dear time, would you go slower? :(
:( i want another david cook summer..
i want hot cross buns :(
only 1 girl said hi 2 me :( yall so mean
keif tseeb omm london and come back to jiddah :(
our father who art in this world though i never hear your name mentioned. on this very day i felt my world decay :( really low!
had a fun day hanging out but i'm tired now :(
damx i dxt c u ox :( hopefully whex i come bck ur ox :)
bummed that i'm feeling so crummy that i can barely get out of bed...bored and missin' out on friend time :(
there is noone out there for me, :( love is not meant for me.
still trying to talk myself out of the calico... :(
skye? :( can i have a deal with you? :( please?
i need smokes :(
darn i missed pretty woman!!! that's my ish :(
uuugh ! my bg suddenly disappear(the one i'm making now) :(
:( i can loan my boyfriend out for a price. he hugs real good. real tender. but he doesn't know 'bout no pokemans.
went to see why did i get married too with the boo and we were turned around at the door!! it was sold out in athens!! :(
why all your tweets have to be in capital like you yelling at me :(
we can't get the link up!! :-(
battery bout to die :-(
it's cool though my movie why did o get married too starts 8:35.... i'll get y'all later :-*
extrañan mis tweetts? :(
being bankrupt does come with consequences especially when i can't access money in my transaction account until tuesday at the earliest :-(
so sorry :( hugs*rt seumur hidup baru skali kcopetan, tas g disilet & dompet raib...shock...scr (cont)
i'm in sd. they hate us here. :(
i just realized something...i never win anything. i enter lots of contests, even ones with crap prized and high winning odds! :(
ok so tonite is my 1st nite back home!!!!! i miss :( don't worry babes i'll b back ur house tomorrow lmao
someone broke into my car... what a fail : (
i know :(
watching mulan .... for the first time ever. racist as a child? didn't mean to be! :(
no :( he deleted it :(
going 2 the doctor in the morning :( so keep trending #jonasbrothers :) goodnight everyone <3<3<3
stfu do it! :) oh and i just realized he might be closer but i'd have more of a chance to meet in cali cuz my bro :(
:(
my buddy got limited, twitter doesn't like him like we do! :( haha
my #bbm is down :( sorry if you been thinking im a snob. lol
won four, lost in semifinals against dhalsim counterpick. :(
my phone is damage but it still works...i wish could notice the fans of puerto rico... :(
i cant fine mi book :(
i don't like mosquitoes. they leaves scars on me :(
i missed it :(
nope :(
also, i would have bought 10 boxes of cookies from you. :(
i <3 late call times. last day on grey's.. :( this was such a dream come true. amazing. god is good.
