my life is pretty dull :(
feel rather eh tonight, not a fan :(
nothing actually... carry on... :(
who is missing well im badly :(
wth that would happen :( stupid movie!!
where the heck are you :(
lol i'm sure it is... and if i were there, i still wouldn't be able to have any. stupid drugs with warning labels. :(
i miss :(
drinking games with ma best ppls, but pba is missing!-- so i don't count as your ppls smh :(
two friends +i started a little french film group-only met once. all too busy :(
yeah...i know... we close at 5, as if that's any consolation. kevyn is off, because cane's is closed. why rouses is open, idk. :(
i've always been bad at commitments :(
ok i'm going to bed now. goodnight tweetlies!!!! :( i hope i have a better day 2morrow.
i`m sorry but i don`t like muse. at all. :(
can hubby come and fix my failing balcony garden please? my cactus are... cactus, so to speak! :(
there was no theme so had to take all random shots in the campus :(
ok i added u but u not online :-(
naao sumi :(
learned from #clashofthetitans--time 2 write my script! almost amazing- darn 1 dimensional structure 4 the story & 1 layered characters :(
4 sure!!! have fun w/out me! :(
me bacuse u never replay to me :( i whish to have a tweet by u,pls tell me if argentina is going to can buy ur album
did you watch the 15th episode yet? haha i havnt :( re-downloading vamp. diaries. this one better work -_-
:(
makasih wii?? lagi mual tingkat tinggi :( aww..aww.. congrats yaaa.. (cont)
:( i want one of thoes blue checks by my name like all the stars on here do
just woke up from a nap,
i have a terrible #headache
:(
i hope she's ok :( my prayers go out to her
hey there, t! sorry to see that ur sick :-( i tried to call u today & left 2 mssgs. did u still want to chat?
a bomb is bomb guys! :) april 30th guys dnt make me sad :(
you hoe! i want him. :(
y did i trip up the stairs & my ass hurts :(
god i suck at beer pong :( nobody wants to play with me
i bet we don't hear from him til 2mrow afternoon!!! he will catch up with family and friends first! :(
thee vutches await, but when they leave what to do what to dooo?! :(
lol not that fast. my hair needs to groww. and its soo dead. like. so dead. i have no idea what to do with it. its so dry :(
:(
i refuse to change my phone clock to ny time :( back on the east coast
i am such a tool for not knowing you were sick :( i had a virus not to long ago .. nasty thing :(
fidottt: askjfklashf my name is not fine. >__> its awkward. and people make fun of my name. :( i don’t like...
i'm soooo tweepy! :(
yes absolutely,i've run out of book shelf space though :( one of the downfalls of being a librarian. lol!
awww my love, i wudve cooked for u if i was home :(
wow. i just hate mine because he forced us to participate in dayliight saving time. :(
over here dying of hunger!! somebody bring me food!!! :(
he died :( never thought that would actually happen :'(
ergh mother of pearl . i cant fall asleep :(
really mad... :(
noooooooooo.... the station is full :( *crying*
nope. im not goin. nada transport. :(
i would soooo watch it with you hahaha! but thats impossible :( *sad panda*
q:imma new fan of yours so could you name your mixtape... a:noone can download it broham im sorry :(
ughh :( i wish i could like temporarily die until something fun came up, and then come back to life!
what's good twitter. i'm feelin real nice. had a great day w/ my pyrex boyz< i miss yall hoes :(
lol. im bout to sound like a horrible dp :( but....imma dm you
aw im sorry :( not trying to brag but im 20/20. i feel bad for you :(
missing my family and friends from back home...i feel like i am disconnected from them....and i feel like idk them anymore :(
they'll stay off for the rest of the night. :-(
babe you still here? :(
rese tuh. lgi seru"nya pdhal. haha. ahhaha pas bngtrt uhh. kmren limit. :( (cont)
nope... but i have a lot of work to do between now and then :( but i'll get it done :)
lol!! my windows been open all day!! & i don't got a fan! :(
wished to see you tonight karnavati... but dis crap audit surat..!!! :-(
tomorrow ..no time for princess shoes :(
*supa sadface* i b'n n bed all day 1/2 past dead w/food poisonin... it hurts so bad *supa sadface* ((tears)) mood::lawd jus take me now :(
my diary has been m.i.a on me :( ithink ineed a knew one :(
now i feel embarass for being shy. :(
nooooo!!! my computer is being a hobknocker! it just dropped my connection! no back rub! are you serious?! : (
still sleepy but my hunger woke me up! :(
having fun times without me :(
my pc down. :(
idih gue benci banget namanya perpisahan gini apalagi sahabat pindah hiks :(
you have no idea how many times i almost turned it off. damn it, i just like listening to gerard butler say crude things. :(
