itu kenapa ra? :( kissmes pls read this:
woke up because i sobered up now i can't sleep :( :)
these post-opp meds r kicking my butt, i'm still laying on the couch :(
i'm sickk :-( , they say i need to rest
i'm gonna miss you like you will never believe. you tend to cheer me up all the time. :(
in bed so bored!!! my life a few months ago wos so amazin i woz always on the go living lyk a rockstar!! but 2010 :( poor!!!
ugh fuck this terrible day i have a bad headache i want my hubby now :( sniff
miss my junior high school friend :(
don't look like any erus goin down 2nite :(
soooooooo jealous of all the people at the concert tonight. : (
it was pretty great :) its really sad that there are people that actually do that though :(
--> this is it :) [lmao] uuwi na kuya ko! im so excited to see him again„, it’s been a year na din :( i...
good to hear ;) yeah mine was pretty good i'm just soo sick of this ugly weather!! :(
yes, it does. :( miso soup is soooo good!
gonna redye my hair . cause like nothing change lo ! :(
i think :(
kinda hard to without carré :(
kejem :srt unfollow ah~ hahahah maaf ya followers :( don't unfollow me puhleaseee..
anybody onlinee?? im superboredddd :(
is in major need of a hug..... :(
i miss my sammich. :(
i did it but i have no friends :(
awe what's wrong bby :( =/
because you never are :(
don't be sad. :( anything i can do to help?
gonna go do some work now :(
umm someone hacked my aim :( and is sending message to everyone. kina irritating...
what about brazil uffie? :(
i miss daddy, selena and christina :( come home guysss!!
went to the blasphemy exhibition. can't help thinking it was a wasted opportunity :( #fb
girl right i know how you feel :(
well...it was. :(
that sucks :(
ohoooo....it's getting rough here...i've to go go :-( :: what are they doing :-/
nit, couldn't afford the tickets when they went on sale and then they sold out so fast. gutted. really want to go!! :( x
loool u outta control cuz he's cocky....a ugly cocky! lol...makes him look bad! :( he can ball tho! lol.
& nuffn might go chill w. diss boyy « cheaten already =-o smh :(
misses his man, when he's away with the army :( be safe and see you soon. xx
downside of living in aus.: i see all these awesm good friday tweets...on saturday. :( but i still enjoy them! main thing is he is risen!
:( please
so sorry :( i bet he/she had some great times, though.
please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
snackin' on some nutella! <3 reminds me so much of puerto rico though :(
hahah i'm feelin hella lazy today :(
... *sighs* sometimes i wish some things were different :(
'dynasty' oil tycoon john forsythe dead at 92.....so sad :-(
i'm jealous u got a slumber party! :( where was i?
noooo! :( why?!!?
no! :( you are definitely not!!
dude i just watched greys!! ..i def cried & lmao a lot!! ...and i want mark & lexie back together :(
noooo! i got unfollowed by a men hair transplant company on twitter whatever shall i do :(
i wanna go to the zoo,the fair,rapids and the beach...why is spring break so short?! :( cant wait for summer tho :))
1 day a losy year and media can't b bothered 2 talk about world #autism awareness day! shame on them! autistics rock! :-(
i think i might hit the sack ! i dont want to but i think i have to :(
i want my bed :( i hate this placee
argh :( kel. condet somse. nga ngajak2 :( jahat ! iyaa kk . come here .... (cont)
rtrtrt please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
now heading to my aunty's house alone... jd kbayang lg rasa2 yg kmaren... astaghfirullah... :(
pleaasssseee aku bukanya berubaaaaah :(
mate i've done £50 tonight already :(
no i didn't. kiah broke my heart , i won't go down that road again. its you i want. baby please believe me :(
aw, that sucks. : ( but yeah, it was epic. just t&s on stage, and only tegan with a guitar. i may or may not have cried. lol ; )
didn't get to see obama :-( lol. did you ever talk to your father?
i am sick of taking cold meds :(
my shit is totally acting whack! ugh! :( gimme 5 more mins if i don't come on its cuz i'm sending that c4 back to you ...
i knoo i loved that movie it was so sadd how her dad died tho :( the last song = dear john + the notebook
nope...only online purchase :(
