there`s really none. :( too bad, this photo really told my life story. =)))))))
can't get on actual internet here :(
i wanna play tennis but i always wake up late :( and i dont wanna play in the aternoon cos is too hooooot!!!! rawr!
it's too simple, dont you think??? and the color kinda dark. i dont like it, sorry! :(
death cab kills :(
gimme my rest pls. urgh. i'm tired :(
wow i feel for you today !!! a possible real mess this time :(
u banded me again :(
bye perc :( tkcarert da ara.rt pasti rindurt it's time to leave and it came so quick it ...hmm
how do i wish i could turn back time :(
okay lol.-didja c him?!?! i dont have web :(
my dads making fun of me for being slow. :(
is allergic to the laundry detergent at the place she is staying at ..whole body is itchy like hell!! feels like mosquitos attacked me :(
: oh , i miss my 3030 tweets :(
what? i'm jealous, your drunk and i'm nottt! :( lol
so i won the #monsterapp contest ( ) but didnt realize i couldnt claim the prize here in canada :(
flustered by punjab's repeated failures :(
lol, i hate when that happends. im sorry.. :( you can borrow mine. haha
folding clothes. the fun is simply overwhelming. :-(
but it's true -_- idk why you don't believe me :(
know how you mean. :(
me and my boyfriend just got off oovoo :(
i kno :(
oohh :( hope our day will be great tomorrow coz today my day was bad :( ily <333
madd bored >:o :-( &|. im drunk &|. high -_-
going for tuition now , missing baby :(
aaaaaah yo ya me voy :(
thats no fair that is following buh not me :( i guess they dont like me & ima fann -__-
baskin robbins is going out of business. :(
twitter is too difficult ..... :-( #sodu
i'm sorry i dont understand everything you said :(
friiends i miss youu :(
even me too :( bak 2 my good old hostel frm sunday evening ! anyways jzt one more month for me !!!
omg tried to rip the ziplock kinda tags off my dress and it cut my finger :( stupid stupid.
chill, dont jinx me lol, dats mean :(
miss tweeting with you...seems like there has been quite a few scammers though :-( & weather is good...been really rainy here
awh shit. i just left mke :(
doesnt have time for his fans anymore :(
i miss him soooo much. and i hardly have been getting to talk to him :(
my hands hurt my nyte is terrible :( lol i wish sumone would come visit!!!
youre so mean to mee. :(
forget you :(
why are you not verified on twitter :(
idk. ive never tried the thai, i dont really like the pesto though!! :(
:( what?? a true friend is hard to find...esp when u think you have one but they leave you behind
d: hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
:( i just got cut by a pickle jar ! i'm stupid :(
no, his neighbors 6month puppy. he beat her so badly she had to be put down. her story is at www.justice4karley.com soo sad :(
i kinda feel like how patricia did in why did i get married too.... :-(
ok, i need you ! where are you? :(
i cant believe on oregon sweatshirt is ruined. that puts me in the worst mood. :(
is going to bed. i never went crazy today. but i might tomorrow. wah i need to go to sleep :(
closest teavana is about five hours away, boo! :(
terrible site to see homie :(
goodnight! ive been working on science this whole time and i'm still not done! :( have a peaceful sleep tonight <3
my nose hurtssss :(
eu tava na casa do meu tio amor :( noss, mals \:
:(
cant sleep :( watching the game until i get tired.
two of the worst experiences i've ever had with the opposite sex were with scorpios :-(
the 2nd time around i cried when tyler was at the central park statue at the end :( i just lost it
buti sayo one day lang :( i'll have to wait for may 20something pa. hayayay.
been standing out here in the cold for 45 minutes. my feet hurt and i'm cold :( really cold. and hungry
the strand separated :( so now it's not as cool./
here it is :(
