oh snap my phone is dead now :( booooo!
wanna know what's sore? having hot water run onto it. shower fail :(
omg, no way! :(
yeah i know right. i wish he would follow me :(
noooo sorry i dont have any cumbia mixes ...sowwie :(
i so remember those moves :(
whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy??? :(
clash of the titans? not so much. :(
i miss you :(
sadly, he is not :( he's just a close friend...plus he's really young... >.< 3 years younger than me
mau nnton :( clash of the titans
hahahaha :(
it's so hot today :(
mnt byarkan butoijo lahrt hmm,, mau sih mauu.. tp isma bsok e nton,, bale.. tipislah dompet.. :( jd gmn baekny y?
gak bales chat :(
sorry for delayed response. to be honest, i'm lost in regards to your tweets about me. :(
my fault :(
bad nights sleep, nightmares, the works grrrrr need to get some more sleep in feel like i have been up all night :(
spilled coke on the floor and the bottle bounced :( #fml
i cnt get over it :(
no more xbox nation for me pls follow me back now :-( lol!
i hope it eases up on you and soon! no way to live :( *hugs*
spoiling fringe in the morning... :(
i want to buy it but im not allowed to :(
done with the dentist ! waaaa :'( bayjla3 '9rs el3agel on thursday :( :(
i wish you guys had those vertical stripe stockings in stock in charcoal :(
the ice cream in the fridge is calling me. :(
'cause now i'm all angry and nauseous :(
that was the best corn dog ever :( i should have bought another one.
you needa aim me. im sad. :(
msn hates me and won't let me login :(
easter is the worst holiday every :( i miss you. i cant believe its been two years already. <3
hungry.. && sad cuz i didnt talk wif him today :(
i still need like less then 90 more followers to get to 400 :( but i will make it hehehehe
what's wrong? :(
where are you??? what are you doing?? i miss you... :-(
woke up like a billion times in the night! kept having nightmares about mooting :(
im in jozi :( and why are you sad?!
why the pain ? :(
how am i suppose to lose weight? :( but it's yummy. don't judge by its look haha
they're managing it. it takes talent but they're managing to turn it into something bad. :(
awww i miss you :(
just waking up to the news now what happened with the bulls? cant wear my bulls top now : (
i have to go now :( bye bye tweetie sweetie :)
i hate ! well not really! but the price at the concert!!!! money ruin my life! :(
sayangnya saya belom nntn :( hachiko hachiko,,, speechless dah!
hey x went to see remember me yeasterday it was soo good lovin rob but its soo sad :( x
i want one. :(
i'm a #jasminators? :) please follow me :) please :(
:( 99 followers :(
i have o to work but im so hungover. . im gonna cryyy :( :'(
i'm hungry. my back hurts. :(
also just got accidently mini spoilt for #doctorwho plot tonight :( ahh well.. its on tonight!!
aaaaaawwwww...... :( rotflmao!!!
i don't think you would like the answer to this question :(
sheesh who's still up,hate waking up this time..now i will have to stay up : (
too bad, your word search is now always in the middle of the night for me. :( #haikuwordgame
irl; im frezzin my ass off. :(
my tummmyy is crampinn :( imy though you made me smile teehehe
twas too good to be true... is not :(
