why do u only follow fan pages? cuz i really want u to follow me :/ but tht wont happen :(
mahh i dunno if i actually like my cut :(
that was awesome! but i'm pretty upset at the "christians" promoting such hate. :( can't we just get along?
7.07am and still awake. this shitey sleepness is now beyond a joke. i need to get up for work in 3 hrs :(
sooooo needs to get internet on my phone!! i cant talk to my brian :(
we really need your new songs :(( reallyyyyyyy!!! :(
homework :(
so it was out on the full? damnn :(
ahhhhhhh! you having fever? :(
man the concert was hott! still sad i missed house of heroes. and forgot to buy skillet sunglasses :(
-&*the love you can't have last the longest, feels the strongest, and hurts the most;;well im really bored so talk to me :( my stomach hurts
pengennya cha . tapi kgak ad yang mao am gue . sediihh y t_t ocidhocidh putus againn with rian rizki agisna :(
why only 10 inches? :( i want giant paintingssssssss ^^
noooooo don't mention. i'm on a strict diet : ( i miss those shakes already
baby i think its time... i even think its time for me to find myself a guy :( but i refuse lol
pune used to be one of the safest cities! :(
awake now. i have work at 10 o'clock today. it's my first 7 hour shift at the wildlife park :( gonna go through and see right now :)
i really dont wanna be fucked up :(
you are too sweet! i went on the exercise bike but am off now, still have a headache. i swear, i have a 24/7 headache :( xox
redo-ing my f&n research. omg, should've take care of my thumbdrive. shouldn't have let it go missing. :(
you really can't! pagaling ka. that's a command :(
i'm jealous of your friend. i want to meet you too! :(
aby cupcake :(
i have to shave off my sideburns :(
please answer this, why did you block me? i never meant to hurt you. i wasn't posing. :(
i didn't get to go... :(
argghhh i feel shitty! :(
:-)) :-) :-d (lol) :-p (woot) ;-) :-o x-( :-( :'-( :'-( :-& (k) (angry) (annoyed) (wave) b-) (cozy) (sick) (: ...
it should be fun rite?! :( where we go now right after this? it's saturday! roll the dice and up and go!
wow i really need to hit the bed soon work at 1 :(
wow i'm really emotional rite now. i just randomly started crying rite now. *sigh* :-(
uuuggghh im so bored! haha dang, i only got stauday and sunday before spring break is over :( it whent be so fast!!!
:( kill the sheep and lamb :(
yes!!!! :(
hahahaha. lol eli should totally be on ri toooo :( lmfao dongho should at least have some respect for the noona.
am poor and ugly :(
can you get someone to look into the live streaming ? it is ko :(
what was justins april fools prank? i wasnt here :(
i don't think i don't have the chance jasmine v. will follow me so far---- :(
tom showed to me that i'm invisible. thanks :(
thanks~ and i wish i was in korea lmao :(
:( is otw up to genting and i can't go!
the spider got away... now i will never sleep knowing it still exists somewhere around here :(
i so wish i could come to the show :( im so sad. just pretend im there shuffling at the back :)
belum ndach.. ud bikin ay? huah.. :(( mau buat kayak apa b.ing ni :(
april got no camps :(
i thought i was don't with this :(
u right but my husband don't want me no more!! :(
hha iya ngobrol dah. but not now, i'm really not in the mood haha tuh kn i'll try nya sama :( kpn2 harus bk
its 2 in the morning and i cant sleep :(
:( i missed it
i wish i could have seen you today :( tomorrow = me + you!!!
baby, blokiaron a :(
lethargic :(
ahhhh. pero yo hablaba de ryan gosling :( the one from the notebook. he is a piece of ass too ;)
how do you change your background ?? :(
:( are you feeling any better, sickness wise?
a saturday at office when all ya near n dears are at home :(
i feel bad that i didnt cry :( #fb
saying goodbye to the city today :-( hitting up a few more places then back to newark.
so bored! what should i do today? hmphh :(
i just fell out of bed, hard on my knees, with my foot caught in my cd player and my face in the wall. ouch :(
ah,,beboy uda off..pke hp yg se dech : (
in your background they almost look green...i was boutta be like yaaaywe both have colored eyes :(
my lights just went out :( i'm scared.
; happy to be home :) but i miss my baby boy :( birthday in 4 daysss ! xo
premature excitement. problem with cable. no astro :(
followers ngilang 1 :(
is intimidated dancing with rocko, julio, and amber. :(
haha i hope i'm the lucky one you reply :(
please reply to me before you sleep :(
i just don't understand some people and never will... :(
trying to sleep but my finger is throbbing. ughhh. :(
:-(
yes!!!! but what if they don't have one : ( oh well, funtimes wherever we go because we're taking over #teamhamlin : )
