i seriously love it. lol. and i miss u at work :(
my bf text me telling me that kat von was at the alk3 show.. she was right in front of him! jealous.. : (
feels like he is going to be alone forever :(
my pinky huuurtssss :(
so freaking hungry :(
you guys are in indianapolis?! i would have made a trip up there if i would have known :(
wow i forgot 2 call my friend for her birthday like i promised :-( damn i'm a fuck up
at shawnee's. the last song was good but really sad. :( it made me think.
you shower me with words made of lies :(
aww nick's cd is over :( i'll repeat it... again! xd is an obsession && is an addiction too xd
dang i bought it but left it in jerry's truck :(
bye guys!!!! wish can write me:!! which i know is impossible :( ... i am going to his concert in july...!!!
happy birthday missing my laurbaby though :(
dark sky. strong wind. humid weather it's gonna rain again!! ahhh :(
i realized my problem but i just cant seem to learn from it :(
if you've never got a retweet ur what i like 2 call a #twitterfail! :(
#nowplaying hey daddy by usher ...my "daddy" aint home :( hold up! dont gotta daddy [ silly me ]
not you too! :(
"sing me to sleep i'll see you in my dreams"......"i miss youu im soo sorry." lullabies by atl. :(
chris botti concert in seoul yesterday!! so sad didn't know ahead :(
didn't she look so depressed :(
so...tired...why havent any bands played yet? :(
not the best movie by far... little disappointed :(
ur in la too? me too too bad it's so cold!! :(
i dun feel much better since just now, just come to my house :(
ahh :( #blossominthedust is slowing down
haihz herpi no car :(
if you miss the old youtube layout :(
happened to me, too. ship date of somewhere around the end of may. sucks :(
why is will doing karoeke to total eclipse of the heart? :(
sigh sigh sigh. i should know better than to try things the new way. :(
fuckin pissed!!! :(
my guitar is so out of tune. :(
lmao i wish! my mom doesnt like new york so she wouldnt take me :(
:( missed bascially the whole br tonight.... smf at the damn modem...
ouch :(
yeah.. i went to the beach & i fuck it big coz i got sick, had 2g2 the hosp and now i can't drink coz i'm under antibiotics :(
no white rhino for linsbot :(
shld nt have slept till so late tis morning.... totally spoil my plan for today :(
i haven't been able to access your video player in a few days -it just comes up a black rectangle :(
i mean 2850 :( noone can help maybe you?:(
dropped off mia :(
awww that sux... i didn't hear "just another halo victory" or "you can light up the halo" this time :( 
dang...i lost a follower :(
ur tweets abt r worrying me. call me when ya'll find her plz! :(
ahhh i miss i can't wait till yu come home :(
i know :(
i'm at the breakfast. don't want any food. :(
:-( sounds like an angry/sad f-bomb. y'okay?
losing hope of ever followin me :(
retweet if you miss someone right now :(
some snacks lol, n js bumpin, type bored, im not senior so i wont kno :( dm n tell meh lol
sapa nooo? my deepest condolences buat anak smip yg meninggal :( may you rest in peace.
mention gw pleasee ... :( sepi nihhh
i'm sick need someone to take care of me don't feel well all :( «smh
dddd; -- hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
without me :(
i am!!!! :(
gga ahh bagus kuq , nice avatar beby :)rt thankies beb:) tp itu tembemnya kliatan banget yaoloh :( (cont)
had to rush tyson to the vet while i was baking cookies this afternoon. thankfully, tyson is fine, but my cookies turned out crap. :( #fb
smackdown is preempted until tmw because of giants game :(
as much as i love maxwell's this womans work, it means the end of the back rub :(
tomorrow is the day before easter and that can only mean that it will be hell :( also 1st weekend of the month = people got their foodstamps
had planned to hangout with friends today but bloody tuition classes! :(
she got my toy and i dont like sharing one bit! :(
and you're gonna keep going back to the problem & you're never gonna be able to walk away. :(
sleepy ! omg me too sis. but my best refuses to take me home :( lol
heading to the movies ... no why did i get married too tonight i guess :(
