end of the night smoke shesh. alone tonight :(
mw kmn si bu???sibuuuk bgtrt my body its not delicious :( but must go to see my partner n teacher :( god i need energy more :(
me tooo :(
,@karinahdz , alex & ale i miss you alot :( i need you all ..
bales sms gue dong! :(
lho, smbong..? :(
home. cache sorry i didn't roll with you and nicky tonight :(
thats not good dude :(
my mom hella shaddy! she won't let me sleep in bed with her talking you got yo owwwnn room! so what! i aint slept in there in months :(
doing some exercise with kirsty :( she's so much fitter than me but i'm more flexible!
i hate not havin my phone!! :(
i know :( give me the run down ?
now ifeel accomplished cuz ifinally qet dha video, juz not dha sonq :(
no ma'am :(
is sad :( tear.
i just got home from work(2nd job), but i should really be out right now! i miss going out! :(
who 'bout him ?rt adaa criss ..nntr gua critaain dehh .. :( apa net ?? (cont)
lmao , i know right :( we suck ! shouldn't have been less partying back then & more now ??
gdi move damn it. you crazy people. go homeeeeeee. or people who are close to the socket. i need my charger. my battery's almost dead. :(
teaching tuition now.. sian!!! :(
wish was around :(
same weather here in kent :-(
on negative fact about the iphone is that it distracts you when you are studying :(
cramp! :( us women get is friggin hard.
so sorry you have to go through this :( i used to pout warm mineral oil in my ear, and lie on my side trying anything, nada.
i keep thinking 'bout it… :(
smh! pisst off... there's only two episodes left till #spartacus finishes :( does anyone know if there's qoinq to be a 2nd season?
im not feeling it, reminds me of independents day, mixed with titanic, perfect storm aww man the list goes on :-(
can you ask if he can send a reply to me? please :( i love him so much :((
yup yup! :( he doesn't tweet a lot like what he always used to do. t_t i'm missing him.
:(
i want to start a vlog...but....but....who would watch it? :(
how stupid you are :(
duuuude why didn't u come today? :( it was sooooo fun u missed it!
them niigas are funnie , :)) aww man slapp him with ur hair n tell him to put it bak ! ahaa ! idk , :( i just can't , lalala
i did but i was deep in conversation and without glasses lol sozzlepants :(
you're going for a week? :( noooo
it is so difficult :(
kamu knp say? minum obat,tapi tetep sakit :( when will i ever eat til' im full again?
formspring 'hate' questions can give you a good laugh, but some people just take it way to far :(
awww haha <33 sorry you guys are misreable tho :(
headaches while trying to upload pictures at fb :(
ato mkn yg pedes2 hhert udah...tp blum smbuh,, :( di adem sari aja...)rt sariawan ini membunuhku
omg adorable!! "i'm sorry :( i'll behave now" *puppy eyes* so cute! *squeals*
sbb. boldnya :(
i never said you ...you just took it that way...im just saying i fix it for you.. :(
i miss my god son! :( he always makes me smile
so my birthday is over in 5 minutes... ...thanks for tweeting me ://// :(
h clients are like locusts. the bougie is gone :(
i just totally dropped my glasses in my noodles :( now its yellow..fdasklhfadsklghasdklhgfasuli
wish you were here :( have fun guys :) sency, anyone?
wtf. :(
i need someone to talk to. :(
hari ini pulang ul nyampe becok-_- yahh,kpn pulang emg? yah gabisa :(
xou have no idea how much it means too me, when you following me :(
just cause you have both right! :( get whatsapp loser.
oh lord.. my head is hurts :( .. my day was cool ! i hope that all have a good night !
duwh.. mkn yg bener dooong.. just realize bru mkn popmie aj hr ini :(
hrc is so not a success. raining still and i yet to try th 7th storey flying fox :(
i missed last ep of skins. :(
with mamski where are u?? i miss u so much mams!! :(
a sad but true fact :-(
cuz i haven't talked to u in forever! i'm in ny and bet i won't see u :(
i know :(
so sad i couldn't be there on tuesday for your show o wanted to go sooo bad :( when is the next one?!
acute water shortage in our society... it will be a long summer :-(
wierd he was wearing white but he was with a larger group of drunk guys. we were so scared :(
sms dong :( !
tengkyuuu follow her tooo!!-->rt iri!!! follow her ya ;) >>> iya put 999 huhu my bad :(
i wanna hold you now. i want you know that i miss you :(
please, could you read this? it's a twitlonger! and i wrote it to you ♥ 101 :(
only if you want me to i'll dm and you could read it when you wake up but i'm no where near ready to talk over phone :(
shiiieeeee!!!! i miss you :( busy na ky ka? :) imy!
