i feel like a bad daughter.... i have so much guilt..i don't call enough or spend enough time with them :( but i work so much..
so eu so gaucha aki ? :( (@nahcardoso live on
go to the playboy club omg <3 i wanna work there :( i know the bunny hop and all! lol
tension headache finally went away, but now i can't sleep . . wide awake :(
keep silent this day.. tenggorokan sakit kgk bs ngmong :( .. f**k !
i might be going tomorrow! i'm still trying to figure out my ride :( if i do, that's the first thing i'm getting!
i wanna see warped tour?...really? that's so far away. :(
my back hurts as hell :(
lol yeah you have, :( its alright
celine dion's my heart will go on, unfortunately i was there with flatmate and not a guy i cud hug then have sex with after :-(
who called you a bot :( you're a real person for crying out loud.
:( been there... too many times!
in the istanbul airport, waiting my flight back to the us, when into book store looking for a linux, was told there is such here :( very sad
i can read nigger but i cant spell it :(
retweet if you miss someone right now :(
my girl wont even hang out wit me on a friday nite. im so lonely :(
i just want my mum :( <<<< piss head!!!
i don't like being woken up at 4:40 by.a baby who doesn't want to go back to sleep till 5:30. especially when i have to get up at 6 :(
i'm wit my sis :-(
i hate when i cannot sleep :(
yes, finally! i was starting to feel left out. :( i felt like you didn't want/need me anymore.
:( tomorrow we try again.
nope & u should know too! : ( how old y'all think ima be on my birthday on the 25th of this month? <<< 29 !!!
me too :( uber + msn = 0% :(
why??? bc i forgot about your lumpia?? :(
prt ud terlanjur gw ajarin wkwk :(
a construction site next door. so much for a saterday morning sleep in :(
all of a sudden my 'home' page is all out of whack/proportion :( (mine was doing that yesterday...odd :(
this weather sucks.. :( i gotta wear a sweater still lol
heey you get that macdonalds then? cause i sure didnt :( haha??
k so i did my laundry today with mini eggs in my sweater.. nd now all my clothes and the dryer has chocolate eeeeverywhere :(
however, wanting and going are two very different things. this makes me real sad. :(
and i was like i hate you :(
i'm ignoring ma puppy she's call me special... :(
q:ask me please.. :( a:oke
hmmm holiday's over back to waking up at stupid o'clock :( probably had too much sleep over past 2 weeks lol!
its gg to rain. i shd be in bed still :(
my back hurts :(
this movie is wayyyyyyy too much for me!!! :-( <ditto!
cept me :( fuuuuuck yall ppl's
could u follow ! plz plz plz plz plz!!!!!! :(
aiyo. now i want to be in jb all of a sudden . i'm super bored ! :(
my pillow isnt fluffy enough :(
u dozed? ugh plz don't ever tell me that again :-(
wide awake.... my nap screwed me over :(
i miss when demi lovato was prrettyy! she's ugly now :(
newt gingrich wouldn't friend me on linked in. : ( how sad i is... *sniff* my life is over..... the sting of newtie rejection... ow
sooo confused. i don't know what to do :(
don't remind me!! iknow it is :( please be safe okay
i skyped i was told i jst missed you :(
benedryl sushi and kool-aid. allergies :( goodnight people.
yeaaa i knoe buht im toooo shy :(
bout to drive around, clear my mind and get back to these beats, been kinda stuck past few days :(
sunday...church,easter egg hunt and dinner but have to cut it short due to pet sitter/house sitter drama. :-(
whaaaatt?? rodney's last day? why?? :(
its okay it is confusin someone set up mines for me! lol i didnt kno u rlly had insomnia!i feel bad :(
i swear when dis money cum in, dont text my phone then...it'll b too late... :( .... i can get a short term memory quick like...
i get yu now... sorry !!! :(
i am going on the 11th but picking up somebody in la. so it would be way too crazy to get you :(
anyways. i feel like i have strept right now bc it just hurts so much :( i took an aleve idk if that'll help..we dont have
why are people hitting me up tonight that im fucken tired. :( kind of weird. wah!
i hurt at lower levels early in the day but can manage, by end of work day, my patience is done, impacting my mood :(
whats the three words yu never want to hear while making love? honey i'm home #busted :(
clean ur house? my house i dont botehr cleaning it , what for i help you ? ehh buy lahh !! haha. i no money !!? :(
ya... but i have not really seen anyone donning black n purple together.... may go experimental... dun wanna look tacky :(
oh me i wish i do work, but can't with my schedule of full-time! hard to find a job that works 4 me! :(
i cant change my freaking twitter layout sad :(
ahhhhhhhhhh xiaogugu! :( then will there be season 3?
preshhh :) it's gonna be a long ass week without :(
ahhhh i confuse myself and want to cry, then i mess up bad, i want to die :( (btw not bad poetry for someone clinically pyschotic)
soooo i'm in love wit ...but he doesn't love me back </3 :( lol < i agree with you
(cont) paid!, on their grown women,confident (not cocky-diff!) all around flame! did i jus describe #marla...yep! except im not 6'2" :( lol
aww honey :(
so wanted to come tonight but i'm knackered. sorry :(
shame on you lol :(
my vagina hurts when it doesn't ejaculate :(
rt@_juiicy anywaysss booooo to the fkn #leos !>>>>> ima leo n that hurts :-(
seeeeeeee! i can't say shit! now she gotta frowny face. :(
that's how rendering (of all kinds) often is! :( you rarely have previews and progress notifications...
i have a lot of cramps :(
at home, :( pretty low key tonight! gotta go to a wedding in the am! uhhhg!
i dont think loves me anymore :(
soo tired. :( shower, bed, wrork 9-5.
whaat!?!?!? :( whyyyyyy!!!!!!
ugh!!!! my bed is freeeezzzzziiiinnnn :-(
and fuck all of em shoot >:( --> bwahahaha #dickdeprived !!**lol not funny :( --> hilarious
yu never show ur pretty teeth n ur pics! :-(
all heading to shopping mall. :(
crudcrudcrud! overslept! i'm too late for ballet :(
ppl i miss >>> and :-( wuv yawl
:( awh lagger i miss you too! i don't think we've actually chilled since that one drama filled night haha
never ever gonna reach 600 followers again :(
yep! of course, i come here the week after david played :-( had made plans with a friend to come here 2 months ago...
thanks hun! and we.have not done anything cuz u work a lot :( we can try again this week!
ugh i hate that his stupid phone broke...i already miss him and its only been a half hour :(
im not going to eat chickens today, i promise :(
faaz twitcaaam :(
not with them :(
this movie is so sad! :(
ofulano chato :(
i miss :(
yeaaa i knoe buht im toooo shy :( <<-- me too
is he ok? or was he jst bored?!? omg you looked sad :( i was like what happened
deadass ; just saw a friend from a long while ago and he asked me if i'm prego . no niggaa i'm just fat :( :(
i hate when everything goes from amazing to bad :(
child marriage in saudi arabia: children are sold, forced into marriage, then abandoned when damaged....
:(
fuck. the fumes from my hair dye make my eye feel like it's gonna crawl into a corner and die(dye) :(
got my car back clean and in one piece! no cataclysmic accidents! but no more dvds for sale at pacmall :(
pleasee! i want send things of my inventory to my house members.. :(
bonjour tweeps ! i am so so tired :( i:hate to go at school on saturday m0rning smh . maths biology chemistry .
i give up, try hard but do not succeed , you are too busy to follow me :( at least i tried :( ...
so sad i'm not going to tripod tonight. :(
my first video was over limited and i have to cut it short and upload it again :(
how rude ! ! :(
but noooooo, i love to eat too much. :(
my brother asked me how my break with j is going. gave me some advice... had a bit of a tear. :( aww big brothers. <3
still having sore throat. :( :(
pretty sure i left my camera at tonight! :( will call in the morning
i missed my 10000 tweet #fail i should delete my twitter and start over :(
*ngiri :-( cause you give me something :)
my vagina hurts when it doesn't ejaculate :(
koq nama ny hachiko??? :( jd inget film ny..huhuu.... :((
maauuu :( still alone at hum..quality time wif my dvd's ..xoxoxo..
oh no! i forgot to bring my ipood today. :( no wonder i thought i forgot smth.
u'd have 1001 if they'd let canadians join #mflow :(
i guess that's a no. :(
sakit-sakit ol, tidur maaasss. hahaha, get well soon dude hari ini masih sakit... :( laper banget (cont)
argh~ gigi ini ngerusak mood gw hari ini aja deh :(
#onlyawhiteperson would fall in a scary movie. the crap never falls. makes us look clumsy #nshit :(
pengen beli dvds :( trs dvd marathon dirumaah
pls reply! those who tried mac's blue india.. does it stain your nails? i had terrible experiences with teal polishes, they always stain! :(
