waking up to the effects of some dodgy thai seafood last night :(
someone pleeeeeeeeeease fix my computer. :( i need the volume back on taskbar. its gone
spent 3 hours cleaning the house...its shining now :-) but my back is hurting :-(
our last meal :-(
awwwww : ( cheerup! :
yup! just now going to bed, when i was exhausted at 8. :-(
in needof body heat :(
my postcard :(
up with the daughter... she wont goto bed :(
you broke my heart yeah" you never know what is love yeah" you never feel how hurt my feeeeeellll you never stop hurting me baby :(
aww your little peach fuzz is coming in. my baby is growing up so fast :(
hehe new bg again! loving photoshop :) i missed my baby :( *tear*
i like throwing pennys in the fountains but one time i threw 25 cents........... :(
even though he just left today . it maks me so sad :(
suddenly not feeling so "up" :(
feels time wait no one :-(
i'd better enjoy this beautiful 75-degree weather for a few more hours before heading to moscow where it will be as low as 32 degrees :(
sorry miles i dont know how to move my hips like yeah. :(
my stomach is growlin : (
time to get up n finish the assignment...cant believe willl be doing assignment for statistic ever :(
going to relax in the bath now, then head to bed! missin' him! :(
qwerty keypad's rather annoying :(
lo dimance siy com??? bbm gak dibls2 :( paling sebel ktm byk 4l4y..make me sick :((
ya no puedo twittear :(
oh gosh i'm never eating unos again! it was good the first few min... feel... like... vomiting... :(
cieee cape n takut.. :(
i would so molest him. :(
walau you pray i kena infected by him :( hahas god bless you too :( i repay evil with kindness!
eeeeeeeeee late for work :( bye peoplez xo
why is justin always trending and taylor isn't? :(
i don't quite know what is wrong :(
imissssssyu too :(
onmyway to mm with arum,icha,putri,ambar.sayangnya gada :(
huhh. drg serang trz p qt :(
aw, rainy weather is gone :( oh well, at least i can do some laundry!
grandma died in a hospital and it was horrible. but she never wanted to talk about it beforehand :(
will you follow me before go to bed? pleaseee :( jasmine plz follow her she 1 of my bestest friends!!
night twitter i'm gettn in trouble :(
you different :( its not make me proud
patron--f the patron.come to meeeeeeeee :(
change it for me den please mama.. :(
please baby =( te extraño un monton lo sabias? :( reportate pronto! :'(
it really doesnt though :( i like it so much better than skype but its not working tonight for some reason! d: rahhhhh ! d:<
cant seem to start on my hmwk. :(
ohaha gue mau download yang buat mac tapi gede banget sampe 8gigabyte huhu :(
#indowantsparamore please dong om :(
weekend is here, to bad it's crappy weather :(
my tummy hurst so bad :(
all i can ever think about now is y o u, ughhh i love you & miss you sportt :(
belom sayang ;( hahaha loo :( btw tweetmu ud qbles beb ? hahaha td mw donlod (cont)
omfg. if only tampa wasn't like 9 hrs away!!! :(
ok im rly sad right now, i have to go to bed:( i know one day u will notice me :(
eh how come you get to go to nuffnang's event :(
soo lazy to do homework. :(
goodnight :(
its offical is awesome but will never follow me :( damm if only he could xx
aww billy!! :(
af, que twitter chato :\ ninguém online mais :( vou sair agora, bjsss!
hahaha no! my hair is the same as white peoples hair so from now to the end of summer my hair just gets blonder and blonder :(
i wish jamie cullum's gonna perform at burswood stadium :(
omg! innalillahi. my condolences to my fam and i send our prayers for you and yours. your pops will be missed :(
i'm so fullllllll....im dying. feel bad for me? :(
ive done my hair but im going nowhere :(
yeah, me too...which sucks, i don't need another 3 year contract :(
my eye hurts. :(
beliebeer to get a dm from is like i win the jackpot :( = then u are a winner
:( emo
fuck that bitch :(
blm haha -____- pdhl dh pake obat dr kmaren" -.- blum smbuh say ? :( ga mood (cont)
i wanna talk with you :(
oh ho........not again :(
bunk ikut bunk :( akhirnya boleh pulang,jakarta im coming. maap yah di tinggal
#indowantsparamore please dong om :(
i feel sad noing that ull never follow me :( im very sad
sorry you had to get booted twice in a row :( i really like your look and you are funny as heck! your accent is amazing too ;)
someeonee tweet mee im really boredd' . ahh lamee . :(
so i thinkmy wife fell asleep on me :(
this is so pathetic and sad and why does this happen to us?! :(
layin down wit my milk watchin my movie [ the notebook ] ...man oh man i want my "noah" :(
managed to find some short route to work, shortest time so far is 24min ? gna try out ltr! but the weather dont look promising :(
tuh gotta go to da studio at 6:oo am where they do that at ?????????????????? cuz da rest da day i'm booked :( studio , hair , movies lo ...
i just broke up with jaxon it's so sad because i thought things could work out between us :(
udah cantik. reset by and i should wait for 60minute(s) to login again :(
driving scooty after 5 years and on the roads of bangalore was fun :) ... miss my "lml trendy" :(
don't make someone become everything to you, because if you lose them, you will lose everything. :(
sooo not looking forward to tomorrow's weigh in.. i have the feeling this will be a bad week.. not feeling 2lbs lighter this week :(
tried watching the clip when john park got eliminated, but i stopped .. watching it would just make me miss his voice even more! :(
just brought jenny home :( wanted to spend more time with her. just going to bed soon i guess. have to bring matt to the air port later. go…
braces are bugging the crap outta meee :(
now i dont know what to call my character d: dt? dtran? dtrain? davetran is one letter too long :(
me too! i can't even watch it right now, i'm not at home :(
just woke up :(
i still haven't seen ponyo :( i wanna seeee it
i want to watch a movie :(
it figures the night i decide to clean up my indy characters sketchbook into seperate companies that the change gallery function is down :(
i can never get you to your goal :(
lolz i'm sorry boo you coulda came :-( you forgive me elli belli!! lolz
oddly, why is my kinetics homework being such a bitch? :( i miss jammy. he needs to come home soon.
fuckk yeahhh i wish, and were hereee :(
text me instead of tweeting! :(
:( really wish i can break my head off ... this pain is not cool
cinnebar pizza makes my tummy hurt :(
i still don't have that magazine :-(
thanks sa bestfriend talks last night :( it really helps :)
that probably a good thing i never got the flask out at the game :(
k we can go when i get home, i didn't drive.. oh your driving by the way. my head hurts bad :(
awww, youre texting. [tear] .. i miss that. :(
:(
i do sort of... like i said... i just never took the time i knew they deserved... sometimes i'm a little special... :(
no money :( yah gua mah kerumah wadon dulu . gw tggu kabar dari sm
why always me? :(
#shoutout2dagirlz that lay in bed n cry at night : (
i sooo miss my 2 massages a week!! :(
twitter off* a tratar de dormir :( para ver el manchester utd vs chelsea
i wanna talk with you :(
needs someone to lay with :(
mackin iz n the house on a friday? #crazy -me too :(
good morning all 12hr shift in front of me :-(
you're all lightweights :(
im always interested in readon the blogs :( but this time its only for the members. boo!
can she fire me? :( #scared
last song guys :-(
my legs are in too much pain for me to get up and get food :(
ugh i hate it when i get overheated. i get so weak and sick :(
no contiunous mix? this show sounds prerecorded :( #guetta
:( *hugs* i hope you feel better
the internet is so slow, dang it :(
last day with wi-fi :(
i miss having binignit during holy week. i miss cebu :(
:(
i do not feel like goin back to school this month :( the whole wakin up early thing is not for me
fuck you stuffy nose. . .ya hear! :(
working a hip hop "teen dance" tonight... was i really like these kids?.. :(
