why cannopuz? :(
yes! me imma #jasminator i'm from singapore! its 3pm here :) follow me? :( plsssss
i miss 's tweets :(
no no no don't die my name is khan no no no please no i better be dead :(
feet hurt :( in the bed
fighting hard to come out of........ :-(
i even went as far as contacting publicists and tweeting u and khloe and u nvr responded :(
checked in online only to find finnair don't have a drop off desk. back of the queue for us :(
jangaaaaaannnn.... :( gue yakin ini missunderstanding..cara penyampaian yg slah jdinya begini.. :(r (cont)
jasmineeeeeeeee!! wer here! follow me pls? it feels like im invisible to u :(
thinks needs to tweets more ! ! ! :(
i want better seats for the 4/11 ducks/oilers game... anyone selling any? i want 200 section. that's where i always sit. :(
aaa totally bored :(
is too busy , he often a lot right now . i miss his tweet :( although its not for me..
why did he hurt me?? :(
hey :( i said it too :(
aww. is doing firewatch. i'm lonely now. :(
diiiiiicckkk i don't wanna be your plan b :(
my party peeps need to start dragging me out whether i like it or not... i'm getting old n boring :(
haha i downloaded it but it didnt work :( haha im good, you?
i spent a very expensive day off at hoggenakal falls ... my motorazr2 got drenched and stopped working :( #fb
ahha. i ended up with a bowl of wasabi cos one of them dumped the whole lot in. sad la! :(
finally joined twitter. couldn't fight the system any longer. :(
i really wish she wasn't going to the other side of the world :(
im here! but u dont notice me :(
it's cool just don't ever say that again...i getta sick feeling when people talk about that around me :(
my aol email address has been mine for over 15 years....and is no longer private.... sad thing to loose something so private you treasure :(
id give anyything to win tht golden ticket but what are the chances, you prob dnt even see my tweets :(
you wrong for them cutoffs bro :(
hurry up and back up yourself ipod. :( i wanna stab you.
i must get myself an easter egg today. no1 has got 1 for me this year :-(
telat yeee bls nya :(
ohkay :(
omg thats horrible :( my mom finds it hilarious (as long as im safe)
:(
alright im out and i really dnt feel like playing :(
oei!! don't touch my ass! :(
jasmine, will you ever notice me? :( please reply and follow me! i love your mv for "i own this" & your white top in it!
vc nn me adc no orkut :( (@mychaelbrunini live on
my allergies are kickin my arse not to mention my tooth is hurtin :(
yes, this is why i am all sajfakjetkajkgakejtag. :( what. the. eff. ugh.
sick of talking :(
so ill :( really not feeling work this morning.
lmao oooh that's koo, i stayed home i have a cold :(
can u follow me? please!? :'( ive been trying for soo long to get u to follow me, but u never notice me :( follow me? <3
i'm so tired :(
more painting to be done today too & the smell is blocking my nose :-( not to mention we have 2 very unhappy witchy kitties #wicca #pagan
tweet. and tweet some more. you also hope that people like & were online :(
watching it's a girl boy thing with me alone... they all went to the falls :(
well i didn't even think it was a possibility..wasnt xpectin it at all! im devastated :( they are perfect, its so sad :(
i might not be here for the next to days until monday cause of easter :(
now i feel bad :(
all my pencils are blunt & my hand is going out like an old 1978 chevvy engine...oh i is a hungry hippo :( off to find myself some lunch :)
yase.. :(
lol i wish i was drunk, :( nothings wrong with me atm but im sure it will change lol
hahahaha you know me too well :(
sheer glow is too heavy for me! and it goes on kinda orangey! :( wanted something lighter
wow.. prom was freakin amazing... i cant believe senior year is comin to an end... :( ...:
hangover from hell :( i fucked up big time last night! note to self never drink wine again
maybe you should bring a jumper with you when you come to australia. its a little cold this week :(
thanks for helping but she'll never follow me :(
i know, i can't wait!!! we gone make the best of this since you got summer school and all :-(
iim backk :) silly twitter aand the password thing :( aha <3
justin bieber dosent comment back.! :(
i didn't go to popstarz either :( why didn't u?
seller no longer makes them! :(
yah telat :(
sial kau hahahart pertanda timeline gw makin penuh ama twit lu ned :( hotspotannya cepeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet
didn't pick up where i left off with my dream last night. :-(
you don't get it? #redeye [ um i guess i don't :( ]
exhausted, busy day cleaning up after 11 puppies as well as getting all their worming and vaccinations done. new homes for them next week :(
