happened to me a few times too on not good :-( have a great easter
seen on a tube of glue: "do not place on varnished surfaces for 48 hours". after it bled through and messed up our varnished table :-(
aw sorry :( we will hang out for sure though
i wish would tweet me, alot of people have gotten replys from him exept me :( i still love you though justin! <33
my stomach is growling at me :(
ohhmy i'm so not ready going back to school :(
i know why...you've told me :(
starting clomid for the first time :( nervous?
im a virgo!!! <--- yay! you might be the only one :(
i can't even have my milk chocolate chunk pancakes today :(
so i'm turning on as camera to laugh at da pictures frm 2day... come to find out my screen all cracked!! ((crying inside)) :(
are you still madd at me? :(
it sucks!! i will miss u too hun!! :(
my eye was itchy though :( i wont rub my eyes anymore.
both the stores are all booked up on may 1st... mid-year high school formals, what the? :(
work! :(
the carolina sweet tea i got from universal was the worse drink ever! :( good thing i get to bring the cool glass with me. :)
the best ones always go too young :(
that shoe needed alil more green but i always wanted a pair :(
it happens :( we r gonna party tomorrow though! hector will b home!
goodnight i love sleeping alone but sometimes i just want somebody to hold :( god bless tweet♥s
what girl is going to show me real love. im tired of being lonely :( its boring.
ya allah makin curiga :(
take a bath n` going to temple!!~ hot ,i don't want goingg out home :(
tapi bubur dahbes. :( #tweetmacamfoursquare
mine are sensitive to chocolate and cold :( it sucks.
it's a lot of things..a lot of bad things just piled up and made me just loose it :(
ummmm. you know what, i'm actually not sure either. having some brain disconnects today. sorry. :( feel better in a helpful way.
cant get em, when i'm on the phone.. :(
: this if you accidentally blocked justin! :o- yeah and it sucks :(
i just wanted to see that part. :(
yo azz cakin i promised someone that i would go somewhere else with them! :( (cont)
is studyin for my first exam :( x
lucky!! i still have yet to see that movie :(
stuffed my face at a burger place & now i feel yuckkkky!! . :( bath?
someone should call me? i can't fall asleep knowing im alone :(
we don't :( but hsm is on tomorrow night!
awww :( i was hoping i could pillow-spank u today :/
baby, baby, i thought you'd always be mine.. :( kanta2..
i can't :(
still remember :(
i miss the rain in sg. bkk never rains. :( i hate to travel when it's raining.
awww baby! i'm home alone too. :( boooo!
i think everybody else went to bed though...so there's not really a reason to stay up... :(
wish i was there :( come to indonesia! ;)
aaaaaaaaahhh, need more followers :(
happy bday niino omq aunk no este awails ii remenber u (:	dond kierah q esteh's feliiciidadeh'z ii miss u so much :(
i want a chimi soooo bad! :(
aduuh sabar yaaaa cupcupcup. your tweets are like full of emotions :(
cant seem to play leh :( some stupid error keeps occurringgggggg :(((((((
watching a scary movie at 11 41pm with .. :/ i'm scared :(
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: you are the music in meeee (?)
pengen bo2 sih, tp takut customer datang :(
the room is spinning! :(
hell ya! too bad your going to sleep soon. :(
the excitement is killing me :(
yup. . here my sister. . bt not well. . :-(
morning all. no lie in for me this morning. had bad dreams :-(
grr, please re-follow me! i blocked you by accident. :(
says he rolled his ankle at training last night :(
social thought essay due on monday :(
why rain?! no more sentosa again!! :(
