:(
its like bein trapped in an open box buh i never want to get out!! :(
huh, mike! why do i have to always miss something like this???????????????????????????? :( i'm sad..
headache again :( whyyyyyyy.
fell asleep on the beach earlier and woke up grumpy, two dreams about celeste today now :(
myyy adidas,,, got dirty 2day :( jus smoked sum budder, hella blowed.
have a bad stomachache :(
tutorial question says 'prepare a report...' and i lose focus completely in a split second. i will not prepare a report. :(
i also join in your woes :(
30 more minutes of work :(
bought myself a wii today...but now my arms are al sore :-( and i'm tired....
sorry, i live too far away. :(
whhhhy did you have to inform me? :(
i come to see and she poofs :(
choosing what songs to put on your mp3 player and which ones to leave out when it gets full is rather brutal :(
muka gue begini :), tapi hatinya begini :(
hate uuu!! not fair i wont see u for easter! hmph!! : (
to much money :( when are you leaving?
awwww :( some1 hold me...i don't feel good
you just made me feel like eating it too :( do they still sell it?
wishes to go to an outing too :-(
ugh!! oh dear...i'm really really sorry! :( i've made a mistake do not know...phew. i'm really sorry!!
:( this song makes me sad
aw :(
oh wow what a night look at this i fell hard :(
hey ! why arent u doing a concert in new zealand? :(
ugh.. u jus gna log off on me? :(
my body its not delicious :( but must go to see my partner n teacher :( god i need energy more :(
so hard to tweet when u have been so lazy. layin right by the bathtub while my mom is takin a bath. she is sad. :( off to bed! goodnight!
says as i was looking on the pictures in our cam, i remember myself being a freshman again :(
u got me into listening to the 90s itune radio at work!! :) its so good but sooo addicting!! :( haha in other words, no goood...
syp suruh ?rt capek gw lari2 :(
look how i feel...like shit! sick n no ones here to take care of me :(
i want to hear from you :(
i`m so board i want walk arround but my mom and my dad busyy hhhff :(
what is hanchiko ?
farrk thats rough, poor you :( i can't even remember the last time i was hungover, let a lone drunk...
lol oh shit for sure :( well let me know what you think once its done..im warning you tho, it's rly painful to watch :'(
its not a good feeling :(
tell me who has a brother/sister, and tell me how fun it is! :( mom and dad should give me one!
my butt isn't that big :-( lol
damnn :( soo what your saying is you rather be in school ?
going to seaworld.. hope it isn't crowded with alay.. :( and all of a sudden i'm feeling nauseated..
( ] found ya dress? *- no * :(
which is like 5 minutes from my house, i just never knew he was coming down to this side :( blegh
now the person who i was dm'ing has gone, who can i dm now :(
i neeeeed food :(
justin bieber is so busy , he never see my tweet :( and follow me
rip roy heck we all loved you.....you were wayyy to young to go out like this. :(
i was gonne! :(
don't see my tweets :(
hey sammy...saw this in the tv yday and m really proud 2 b an indian :).. india is really incredible and m missin it now :(
:-( miss you...
i think i might be getting sick :( or just allergies, but i feel like crap...
molly's last egg didn't hatch :-( one thing i'm glad to have missed is "the great mouse escape" they're talking about on the site!!!
#nowplaying ..do you recall the time, u captured dis heart of mine, laying in a field full of dandelions, u were my life, my sunshine.. :(
wooooo! x factor tour...again! :) although still not feeling the best. :(
miss home so badly :(
yea! :(
home already! had a guess a bit of fun! made five new south friends!aha i seen sasquatcho there! gross! miss my lover! :( not a good nite!:/
hahaha thanks man, sorry nih gua ngga bisa join rekaman :( god bless you japan. budha always beside you (y)
in an hour! :(
#nowplaying waka flocka but nobody has neck tats :(
damn. another young angel with clipped wings. :(
lucky you! :-(
ntr kpn ? rumaku ujan lho :( ntar ak sama pus mau nyari , ayo ikud jg gmn dong ce ?
did u find the set list ? i couldn't find it : ( lol
no flash forward book available locally :(
