:( i'm coming back next week. on thursdsay and staying til sunday. i was on campus for a tour wit my group of young girls
my stomach hurts so fucking bad :(
lol awww okay, my googling was premature. it's not in la :(
off to newcastle had to wake up at a godforsaken hour :( try to sleep in the car even though woody is pumping music up
i'd rather be at alla turca pizza feast or watch bulat at fico :(
shop kinda alot. & she fought with her parents so i have a feeling that she cant go home late :(
i wish i had fanss... idd tweet themmm alldayy errdayy :(
one slight negative vibe tonight; some miscreant made off with my favourite pork pie hat. will have to find a new one tomorrow.... :-(
i just wanna say "imissyou" but i'm ashamed :( (via:
the movie is now on i'm hype bbl and my baby didn't get her yet ughhhh :(
being sick and watching how to train a dragon (i think that's correct name?)... i need soup! :(
o ok i wish they had app then lol. sry. :(
:-o i totally forgot who's playing today!! i ain't even watching the game :( lol oops.. demons vs who?
i just ordered dominos & i forgot my elevator isn't working :(
indii heeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllllllppppppppppppp!!! :(
bawal pa din ba ngayon? :( haha. i want to eat liempo or sisig. arghh. =))
omg thats horribleee :(
if only that kid flew into the glass. bahahaha. and if only i had a camera with me to capture the action x) too bad it didn't happen :(
i wish i could tweet more, but i dont have lots of followers :(
guess no one wants to talk to the angel :(
ouch :( omgshhh, this nigga bout to get a karate chop to the #nuts !
i hate myself for being such a noob... :(
#follow friday didnt happen :( its k still think ur amazing xoxoxo goodnight
i love y'all so damn much!! !!! :( ♥♡
i'd better played the sims than come here. but, she's someone so important for me :(
no :( and u?
i knoow :( i'm bummed i won't be partaking in the h-town festivities!
lmaoo she dont wanna be #mydad tho ! :( lmmfao that madde me laugh yur #mydad !
now i feel bad cuz i cant help w this tt #jonasbrothers :(
bitch 13 minutes lol frankiee you don't talk to me anymore :-(
aahh olvii mw doong lontong medaann.. :(
...ditto :( sorry dude...we'll leave...bah!
i didnt want to leave my baby bri today she cried when i left :(
maybe, my fault :(
how come everyone is traveling today except me stuck in the office with work? i wanna go penang toooooo :(
eeeh, i want some raspberry sorbet mixed w strawberries from coldstone. :(
u ignore this follower :(
why why did robert smith of the cure have to die he was only in his 30"s :(
whatthe fuck?! is it your birthday today?! you didn't tell me! :( happy birthday pretty gurl! <3333
well it doesn't look like he is calling :( goodnight world
its been raining for days! 30% chance on easter! :( i really want madie to find eggs in the backyard!
i know you very busy and don't have the time to call me :(
i wish someone would share their eggs with me :(
noooooes. sad maffroo makes a sad brittany. :(
i sadly missed guitar pick when he threw it to me. :(
awh :( i am sorry u had a bad day!
oh no! :( are you using windows movie maker?
thanks for the #followfriday! and the joke in "release the kraken!" finally crystalized.... it's not as funny as i hoped. :(
ay que depresion con ese world stage de nirvana t_t kurt no debió morir :(
#drunktweet i want sex now! lol :( <-- i feel ya pain l0l
wheres my kitty :(
hahaha ! niice. im feeling so lazy and its a friday. :( uhh!
who wants to talk to ricky bobby tonight since nobody wants to see :(
.i think only follows the jasminators!??? :(
seeepii reek!!! :(
ironis.. danzcreation untungnya gw ndak pake operator yg di iklan bilang murah itu.temen yg ngirim sms k gw itu yg pake :(
i wanna be in a group. :(
apple use to make devices to empower you. now they make devices purely for consumption. i miss the old apple. :-(
im coming right now :(
aww sum1 link`d all trina's pics on the web :-( that's so mean rude scanless. no 1 can have privacy now days. . . :-(
sold out by me :( even clash of titans was sold out. smh
bed. back to cleaning the house in the morning before my parents come. also, i have to take pooky to the vet. :-(
even the people we love make mistakes :( <3 best movie evvverrr!
ugh at firestone line!.. lady love ugh? lol i could have stayed home for dis :(
off ahhh, pussiiinggg..... :( :( :(
that's sounds miserable! :( are you feeling any better yet? i have a stuffy nose that keeps coming back!! i hate allergies!
if was dating my sister, i wouldn't have a family anymore, cause i'd kill my sister and then my mommy would hate me :( lol
hopefully everyone in that car was okay :(
i am really sad that #goodfriday and #easter and #christ are not trending topics :(
i miss you :(
woaaa .. bored :(
too bad my bestfriend is busy workin i wanna talk to him :-(
what what :(
my bed is callin my name i miss being home. . :-(
sounds like a damn good match. we thought about coming to watch but being around a ring right now is so heartbreaking. :(
"i'm not going to stand here and watch you die. i want a life with you baby. i want a..long happy boring life with you." ahhhh. :(
i reallly wish i could find a venue. :(
awwwh i feel left out of the loop :( lol jk and cool beans we just asked eachother stupid questions on f.s lol
m.jack5on<3
fuck 108 broke up :(
i wish to as well but it's way too costly :(
not true. eeepc lets you replace ram (up to 2gb 1 dimm) but their sata controllers are sata1, not sata2, so ssd is no use. :(
headaches suck :(
night. study/softball in the morning, then going to the vets :( </3
yahh mewek :( huhu yey ngalah! pattie jadi mertua gue deh!
aww...i wish i was coming to miami :(
no... i just like to pretend she does... :(
i really wish you'd follow me but that would take a flying elephant meaning it would never happen! thanks a lot! :(
not really good :( hbu?? sis, gw ke acc yg yah :)
she says you were setting her and she fell into it. you wanted me to suffer :( hahaha
......because one] your not following me lol and two] your rollin upp without me!!! smh :(
it's so depressing that you haven't followed me yet d:, i've been waiting for like ever :(
oh it did. :( lol oh well.....how long until you're off work????
g2g he just woke up again :(
slept at 2 am last night :(
thought of you tonight. stopped at a gas station for a potty break in atl- tons of boxes- all smashed though :(
ayam presto sm es jeruk gofar hahaha im so hungry :( what's on the menu? hmmmm
that made me think of dessert.. i'm hungry. :(
seems like you're really busy :( let me know when you're free! i can just meet you at pavilion or something :)
no :( i don't have money. but i really wanted to.
lol i would hope so! i dont wanna drown :(
i need to stop eating all this candy! sheesh. #dentistflow :(
q:hay huntah, i made a formspring. :( also w... a:omg ji eun hi! also i'm playing ffxiii, po...
last day in miami :(
hahaha yes i made it on your follow friday! wooot woot .....well i didn't..... :( y'all n
my cats not soft anymore :(
unyunyu oke followed baby :) yang lama gak bisa dibuka syaang :(
:-( i couldn't finish listening to br, i hope i don't 4get to catch the rebodcast on sunday
ew. worst pizza roll ever at broadway in lowell. :(
dude, i feel totally inadequate as a filmmaker now. :(
why are you a bitch? :(
uughhh :(
okay off for awhile. low battery :( another shit happens!
got home from kevs casa. gnight. early day tmro :(
omg it was so god but the ending was horrible :(
#followfriday didnt happen :( its k still think ur awesome xoxo goodnight
wow. i thought that would of been way easier to handle. fuck i hate this :(
so sorry if it wakes you :-(
please dont cry :( *wipes tears*
ceramah ceramah and ceramah again :(
poor investors :(
i got stood up by today :( sheesh.
y is it tht none of my friends have twitter?? lol i cnt ever put who i'm with :( sad story
we leave tomorrow :(
i know! me too! and ugh school starts on monday... :(
