why can't you guys do something for us here in the uk, like closer to london n such? :(
tennis this morning :) sun please don't come up :( don't feel like getting a tan today
so muchh for my springg break! workeddd all damn weeeek, and longg tiringg shifts! :( --cant wait til sundayyyyy
i'm going to hospital now :(
but after that i can go to the movie with my family :)
why do you have two i's in your name?? people like me get messed up by that :(
i would if i had free long distance :(
yeah but not all lol and all of them believe in their little brain that they are and imyyyyyyyyyy :(
i miss evrything . xxvi :(
ii didn't know such thing xisted :( and yurr still laughin haha
what a girl wants= depressing :-(
nah.. gtu donks. hhe. iyaa mknya mulai bsok gw langganan jus wortel.. :(
eat amoxilin :( still not feeling the effect
my parents live close and i have good friends ready to help out. it will still be very tough with monte gone :(
 chillen in bed... alone.. : ( << smh me 2...
adaa criss ..nntr gua critaain dehh .. :( apa net ?? shocking newsssss .. anying ..
nope :(
ohhh not tweeted for a while,ihate work :(
just opened my shoes compartment n realized: my taste in shoes suck!! knp ya gw gak pd pake spatu2 model aneh2 dikit? dr dulu gt2 aja. :(
i wanna see the last song!!!! if you live outside the us and haven't seen it yet :(
bah. rumored release for at&t pre is may... think im going to try and wait it out.. was looking forward to new phone tomorrow tho. :(
#peopleshould relax for the long weekend! not hav hmwk ahhah! skool :(
i'm sorry to hear that about you guys though, thought you might be able to pull through. :-(
just woke up. time to do homework! ugh :(
:( nobody's!!! lol its in austin for the weekend! :(
enjoy it while it lasts. i'm 24 this year, too. :( boooo, feel old.
di fb gue udah tuh ber ! bisa kali di bacotin ! hahah 2years agort kacooo bgt.. musuhan qta :( hhaahaa..
alex again!! please keep praying!! her heartbeat is getting really low again. she is fighting so hard right now.. :( pray
yeah totally... but we had a side trip... on way home now, another 1.5hrs to go :( that sucks... ooh i got a pic with my boy!
26 weeks ago today my daddy went to heaven......oh how i miss him :( :(
i think i'm giving up :(
u didn't come see me :(
had a nap after painting all day. didn't realise how sore i am! wanna go back to sleep now... stuff work :(
another one bites the dust....john forsythe passed away :( 92, what a fabulous age for someone who had cancer for as long as he did.
sabaar ya sayang :)rt hahaha iya yang tentang dia :(
i deleted my account...glad you noticed :( lol
exactly what made it funny! u were dead serious, i don't drink so i'm not sure how much better it is while drunk :-(
okay just woke up! i feel so messed up right now! :(
betulan :( alah alasan ko deh haha dibajak ine cie isma i'm falling in love♡
kenapaaaaart finished. i can't play ice skate!!!! :(
i wonna see that film. no invite tho :( > no invite needed from u, i just need u to tell me when<
abangg follback jo :(
why do you guys hate me?! i'm actually a pretty cool person. i never did anything wrong to you guys. so please don't hate. :(
tonight was fun :) except getting locked out of my house > : ( bahaha drunk people... >.>
hahaha did i crush that dream... :( my bad... ;)
23 followers lg dong :(
its fucking 3 & they are wired. i'm not getting any sleep :(
in paris...have a indomie for my b'fast!! uugh...its not heathly at all.. i miss baarn. :(
hmmm what to do about summer classes... if i go to campus i'll be there all day, every day and that means so trips this summer :(
hy k'talitha, k' koq ots skrg cma snin mpe kamis doank sich. hiks,hiks, :(
does anyone have a dead macbook pro of 07/08 vintage? i need the plastic mechanism from under a key. mine has lost a vital tiny pin :-(
mom had to wake me up. not a good sign :( don't think i'll be waking up early sunday! and this happens again monday o.o
.....i'm too depressed to be on gtalk. :( it's all your fault.
welp. tom hanks just lost wilson. :(
me and my friends creeped kevin out haha...& megan does not like us :(
i miss youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu :( you should be here!!!!!
how could decide who won the contest when he aint even watched are video > < soo not fair :( ♥
i am sorry :(
i miss you so much :(
photo: jajalovesyou: sorry.. :(
not bad. :(
