i had ramen noodles. i still feel anorexic :(
i wish i cld have sex tonight :(
up in the morning pretty early, because my brothers was playing the drums :(
like i said, no straight answers :(
says aww... lazy to do anything. :( lazy to eat, lazy to open laptop, lazy to bath :o
ok cool i c how it is : ( lol
it mee :( i always fuck my nigga smhh && he's a leo && imma scorpio .
feels like uck and wants desperately to fall back to sleep :(
still want them magic words :(
what result?rt so nervous for the result. :(
chillen in bed... alone.. : (
dreams fucked with my head so much last night. so confused :(
craaaaaazy last two nights... i haven't clubbed like this in a minute... lol phone has been sssssso dead :(
lhoo..deportasi khs..'deportasi' aq chin,beno aq isa pul jepang :( wkwkwkwk
oh twitter, i don't think corey likes the new piercing very much :(
i'm just gonna go to sleep :( #lazy
pls follow me :(
time to cook dinner for the last time in a week! off on my #trip tomorrow morning. nerve attack in progress :-(
oh i see. hope bangkokians stay patient as long as we can coz violence will just make everything worse. :(
omgee.im goin crazy hes still in there :(
i miss my love. :( i feel sick. i'm so happy for you love you. :)
u deleted me off yahoo msg :( meanie ;p lol
awhh & i still havnt seen that movie either :(
noo! those chix scare me :( don't tell them i'm on twitter!
quezon city. kinda far... :(
i should be asleep. have to work in a couple hours. but i feel so sick :( praying for some relief!!!! ugh!
and yeh... i hate that twitter spinny thing to :l sooo annoiying x im so glad your back tho, miley was goin nutz, :(
i feel like throwing up :( total mood flip.
sorry!!!!!!! :(
i always wonder why ppl say that they cnt control their heart n mind....but now i know...its hard n it sucks :(
i want either michigan state & butler to win the ncaa championship real talk ;; still sad #syracuse lost :(
hello darling! i was rubbishly sleepy last night, i'm sorry :( xxxxxxxxxxxxx
huhu kpn ya aku bs ikut? :( abis doa pengerja ama jc crew.mantaffff
gonna miss my first ae workshop :(
she has one....i'll get it for you :(
awww, he's sad :( makes me sad
a last bloom of summer. end of daylight savings here. :( thankfully had a few wks of long light post vancouver!
hello i miss you :(
sorry about buster :( yes, i still have joey, he was younger and doing quite well so he should be around a while longer :)
why is nobody in tiny? :(
at $65 a jumper i expected it to be "new". you can see all the printing errors through the transfer :(
those never protect infront ! :(
eww. why l.a? your the 4th person i know to move there.lol. but denver's soo pretty. :(
bgt div -,- iya? sayang tuh ris ._. di hack :( (cont)
what happened :(
hey. i just discovered that ur tweets haven't been showing up in my timeline :(
sick of having long hair! :(
omq my leqs are wide open uqh! need somebody here with me! :(
wkwkkwk iya ci perutku gedeannnn :( :( wkwkwkwk.
3333rd tweet up for grabs! who wants it? no takers? ok :(
sakit opo tin? ah ko2 gmn seh, mo misa malah sakit :( ke grejanya gmn ente.. -__-
it's true have you seen a picture of her? :(
ahhh im soo stressed out!! right now!!! :(
q:malu ga kalo ditembak di reality show? a:malu banget :(
was one hell of a time tuh! kanjennn bowww! kaa balik jakarta donks!rt aaww..we miss u too ka :( (cont)
ipod touch needs a camera :-(
ilyyyy i wish i was there to spend it with you ugh :(
really? :| so sorry :(
wkwkw , bis hobi nya boonk ~ gmn dunk :( y jng boong donk nmny pcran.haha..rt wkwk (cont)
i missed my free throw clanked off the back of the rim :(
i'm back. no ones really out. everyone went to a party & i really have no idea where lol *feeling left out* :(
i wouldn't even rent it! 2 hours of torture :(
i'm sorry :( i had a cold last week so i feel your pain!
sapa al.,? sexy chick tah.!? ehm2.,rt it's damn hot! :(
woman..i've never been to a game!!!!!!!! :( *sniff *sniff!! :( maybe next season we can plan it out better!! his friend is cute? lol
