:( that sucks. who knows you might be lucky & win tix to it? :)
: ( apple issues? apple sauce!!!!
lol :( aww i guess not lol
awwww miss you to, i know i'm not on that much anymore :(
can't believe i see and can't reach him.... :(
i miss being so adventurous with my girl richie last semester :(
i'm gonna cry. :( i was cleaning out my closet and i found my old bestie's shoes. please come home soon, joey. imy<3
:( ur ruining my chances here by fuckin lyingggg i did nothing u better tell him ur fuckin kidding!!
i miss you boo. :(
uuggh im sooooo tired but i cant fall asleep :-(
ugh me to! :( it breaks my heart
:( kay, thanks!
imagine my surprise entering the fukuoka apple store: ipads are u.s.-only atm! :-( nothing decided here yet re: pricing, 3g plan, etc. doh!
i know twinny :( ps i'm partying it up without you tomorrow sadface
wats wrong? :-(
i got no mood to go to the briefing thingy but it's a must. :( i wanna go home. i miss my guitar! hahaha
hey baby mama!!! u was right, we shoulda went to the strip club : (
omg!!! i really really wanna' win the gold ticket! :(
"social suicide" > this video has been removed by user. :(
eventually is too long :( now ... its my money and i want it now!
#neverhaveiever seen a girl squirt :(
:( he looks like he needs a hug
aduh sakit perut :(
makin item gue :( aarrgghhh
i can handle the stress of the travel & the shoots. but people asking for passes will give me a stomach ulcer :(
i want my hotdog :-(
aduh! burem... what happen with my eyes :(
smh the celtics lost... :-( oh yea the #lakers game is sweeter cuz celtics lost lol *cough* *cough*
lol i think i am, work at 8:30 ahhh :(
does it make sense that my laptop connects to my internet, but my 360 wont? :(
whatsup?rt oh god please :(
good night !!! my spring break it´s almost over :( that´s so sad :(
7th day of work tomorrow. no off for me :(
home :-( maddd drunk
now it's 1:30, i'm wide awake from the nap i took earlier, and i am alone with a dead internet. :( fucksticks.
nidaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa mis ya too hunny :( long time no talk with you sistaaa..
i really miss :( alot
i gotta go :( it's been a brilliant #followfriday (all 24hrs of it). am missing you all already. nite nite.
lol u funny wat u been up 2 i havent talked 2 u all week lol -i kno! yu dnt love me no more :(
i swear i'm becoming an insomniac. :(
if i hadn't been sick i wouldn't be worried about it...but i was...so i am :(
what :(
lmaao girl she crazy tho i'm so sane :-(
no i miss you way more!! i fuckn love you , i miss you so much :(
i can't bbm anyone or txt due to me not paying my bill :(
im trying to avoid you , but i really miss you :(
ah bosen banget gua :(
#backinthedays santa mad my day :( now he don't visit me :(
and the hardest part of living is having breaths to stay te amo bella jjiijijijijijiji visitenme :(
so sad to hear about lady sonia mcmahon!! rest in peace sonia. :(
long weekend>>> still getting bored!! :(
i'm thinking i should have bought the bigger thing of croissants cuz i only have one more left.. :(
i tried to be part of the twibbon army, but it didnt work for me! :(
ang dami kong blank boxes pa. and i need to finish this now kasi may finals pa ako :( sigh. goodluck with yours joy!
pssss thqnks for the ff's y'all! my phones been a douche all day. couldt get into twitter :(
it doesn't feel like a bank holiday when your up this early on the saturday :(
spring break is almost over :-( well least i got mostly everything i wnted :-)
yeah, :(
g'nite bunny!!! i hope ur power comes back on soon... booooo :-( <~lol... just did! yaaay!
i'll sleep without my "goodnight kiss"!! :(
my phone's touch screen lags. :(
poor precious that guy pushed her! :(
punk!!! i can only talk to chicky now... :-(
no hbo :( will watch on blu-ray when available. will keep an eye out :)
lol dass tru. but styll :(
» soo bored, wanna cupycake on the telephonoo but icaaant cause ihave no one to talk tooo :(
just reach home, didn't know mum's sick :(
hockey polotics suck! :(
you're right, it is, but alas i will be working :( enjoy it for me, i will live vicariously through you.
usually (except when customers yell at me for being open on a sunday, and then buy something!) but not racedays :-(
cool too. the original yankee stadium is getting destroyed though :(
its sad but its true :( me and miguel juss don't have much to talk about more.
:( ohhh uhhh uhhh i won't tryna see that
watchin lord of the rings on a friday night, sad thing is, i love lotr... :(
my plan for ctw and siam today cracked :(
fck. bailed on me. :(
fucking wind!! no power :(
ughh getting a haircut tomorrow, i don't want to cuz they are gonna leav it very very shorttt :(
my phone can sync with the wmp and then everything is in a mess :( .
#esonosehace :( comiendo cricrí
shit bored on a friday night :( lol wby
im very fine thank's.... sorry :(
def won't be in line for an ipad tomorrow...i just found out...no camera, 1 app usage at a time and no flash on the internet browser... :-(
same :( i'm up again! i need tea! sar ghoom raha hai!
me neither :( i got no eggerss
i scraped my leg :(
#menonton jens lekman you are the light....pengen ada dia lagiii....full set please :(
sweet! i should join one of those but i probably would never go! the msu gym is free and open 6am-12am yet i never go anymore :(
at the football :) have to wait another hour for kick off :(
:( i'm eating frosted animal crackers
you can't mean that? right? :(
tapi beneran gue ngakak ahahah ish inka jahat :( ngakak guling gulingan hahah (cont)
im collllllld :(
_& where's ! :(
on my way to see u-n-i and j davey at the roxy with my boyfriend is gonna cut off his mohwak at the show nooooo :(
i heard through the grapevine that they officially closed today :-(
yeah:) every time i wait at their hotel i'm unsuccessful. :(
ahh! i will surely miss while she's on #springbreak in #mexico! :( visited her today at her work w/ angie. ♥ buckhorn grill
say boi!! u forgot bout that movie! :(
ohhh noooo allergies are acting up sheessshh is there summin in the air???? :(
hey, im not gonna be able to stop by later, work got out earlier than i thought :-(
save my deepsea for me god :(
woah. as a kpop lover, i feel sorry for ukiss and their fans. i heard they were really nice & the fans as well to receive such a comment :(
the karaoke segment is over. :( twas fun.
i was like yah. i almost fought him and then i was like im just wasting my time with him. most of my family doesnt like him :(
no activity :(
i love you more. i have bad crampz :(
yay. finally, cooking my noodles and heating up my soup :b hungry ttm yknow :(
*drinks a triple shot!* #neverhaveiever seen a girl squirt :(
maaf sen :( muak gue liat lo di timeline gue plisssss stop
these bitches is talkingg about clowns again :(
in my room taking care of my boo boo :(
i keep looking for my niece... forgetting that she went home today! :-(
noo *gets in bed and cries * :(
listening to after 7's song "ready or not" and it got me thinking, damn i miss eric. :(
lol awwwwwwww ur laziness is cute though and i wish i wasn't at work either :(
google said it would work :(
thought it was you,got happy. realized it wasnt,then got sad again. :(
that was my attempt at a tt tweet... i had to add 2 words :(
including from me regretfully :( t jones set career bests in yards, attempts, & rush tds last year, yet gets zero respect.
i beter sleep .. but i cant.. de past few nites all iv been tinkin about is and i get no sleep :(
hanging with :) , just left :(
i think facebook is under maintenance cause i cant open it! i hate it! :(
god i miss him :( i cant stand being away, i want nick<3
a red one its not a bad little car hopefully it will last me i was pissed off though as its took £400 away from my oz fund :-(
lighting :(
