big match coming up later today....its man utd vs chelsea !!! bad luck for us that we have to play it without rooney :(
:( that makes me very sad.
in wrk all w/e :( had nice #jedwarddreams last night though
man. i hate this. :(
the thunder's making my rabbit scared. so poor thing my choco :(
didn't pre-order the ipad and now i can't get to apple store first thing in the morning :( hoping one will be left later in the day.
the name is very familiar man. might've met him possibly, i suck at this remembering people from college stuff :(
:( watching a show on the history channel about the trail of tears. right now they're talking about the choctaws. so sad.. :'( 10,000 died.
ahhh you are so lucky.. wish i was u! i havent met them yet! :( x
ahhh i envy you!!! i met them 10 days after they were in mexico in 2007 :(
i'm not seeing where it took the screenshot!! help me! :(
im grounded. but thanks for the reminder :(
nooo :( when are u going to be on? tweet me kays? i fcking miss u, like shitt
all sarcasism aside love u in any movie. what are ur latest projects and i'm in the us so might have to wait to c them :(
: ( wyalldoin 4 easter
yeah i wish i could make the pics smaller on the poll...but that's the smallest they go :(
please don't take away my vacation week :(
everybodys in bora... i wanna go to the beach!!!! now na!!! :(
sleepover with my friends? maybe what time is it? damn! its late :(
gosong.. :(
i hate when people are heartbroken and sad :(
*sips* #neverhaveiever sex my bestfriend :( i need too tho lmao
hello faridoon sir. u still didnt tell me why you blocked me? :-( pleasee let me know. was it by mistake or did i do something?
omg , don't cry :(
shitsticks. i really dont know. :(
work time :(
hi :) i'm on my spring break right now...but it's almost over :( miss you!
i wish he'd stuck out until the end with them... :(
:( no i miss you way more!! i fuckn love you , i miss you so much :(
my emotions are all over the place right now :-(
stressed. :( i havent done any homework. && i have a lot due by monday. grrrr.
ciaran owned me :(
i think i sprained my wrist :( <<< stop beatin ya dick off so much!!!
we been trying to get ahold of you :(
the toilet and i sat by the toilet and cryed for like an hour straight! :(
it is so hard to get and `s attention. i do give up :( huhuhu. hope they follows me back one day!
not yet i havent told her how much ive missed her yet ahaha, and yeah i miss you too :( can't wait for us to move here seriously
happy birthday, fatimah! wish i could hug you right now. :(
w/ mia i missed my daughter :( ,
god when did our little start calling people bitches??? "now who's old enough bitch"-justinbieber :(
cuz ur o/s was beautiful and made me cry :(
good!! i love how it's only been a day and i already miss you!!! :(
i just wish i could fall asleep in someones arms tonight :( #lonelytweet lol
omw to tmpt les.. :(
answered 23 correct :(
lool so you are? you do? fine i'll go cut myself na, there's just no pleasing skaters :(
aw well i'm glad i didn't go lol plus got hella homework to finish :(
soooo tempted to go to the supermarket and buy strawberries :(
maav napa tow yun?rt boy..qm knp?tng boy..tng..maav y.. :(
mad nanner panties and nanner coochy everywhere and he aint inv us :( lmao--> lmfaooooo ! this nigga
will nvr notice me :(
i'm so bored ! :( there isn't any nice shows on tv now and i cannot surf the net . i wanna run but its raining! -.-
omg... i can't stop sneezing... and it hurts my throat so bad whenever i do :( calling out of work tomorrow is not an option unforch. :/
charlie no puede dejar two and a half men :(
so sorry to hear about your dog daisy. same thing happened to my husband's dog years ago. it's never easy to lose a pet :(
2 minutes ago i had 156 followers now i have 153 followers what did i say??? :(
this is so beautiful!! lool, i wish i was there! :( but one day....im sure that day will come! #asot450
that's sad :( it makes me miss my childhood when usher was good and there was shaggy and stuff.
nope, i'm not enough of a jet setter to know anyone in england who would do that :(
i'm doing my best not to follow this weird india-pakistan wedding scandal, but sooner or later i will have to succumb... :(
where did you go??? :(
and i miss you here :( miss u here :(
aw :( lol yeah i'm pretty bored myself
am i the only one who uses control-backspace a lot? i get really annoyed when a program doesn't support it properly. :(
hey , gaga is in #1 right ? but i don't know about average rank :(
im bored as fuck rite now... :( and no one is talkin to me tonite. wtf is up wit that?
can't remember 1. liking someone that much and 2. being so hurt. still, he doesn't want to fuck off. i have to cut him off. :( #men
that statement hurts. its the truth. as much as u don't wanna believe it, moving on is prolly better for both of u. :( u can't
aduh kejedut sakit bgt :(
awe that sucks :(
if we dont keep #jonasbrothers on number 2 at least, there's no way its going to be on tt tomorrow :(
that link is not working :-(
no no bfs :(
trayyyyyy! im so tireddd jus got home from work :(
been awake for ages with stupid horrible sinus pain :( dotty is being lovely and keeping me company- we're reading twitter together :)
in a dramatic finish, the magpies win by a point at the 'g. the ox is shattered :( #aflpiesdemons
at least u at the crib i'm at wrk :( i got 45min left
kt i think 4got about one less lonely taco :(
sleepy but not the bedtime sleepy :(
should probably start doing some work, got a lot to catch up on :(
i got a super bad headache :(
why you unlist me :(
tell me yy had dis in her bbm about me : ( geo is my husband idc idc idc lol )
its not available.... i so loved that one :(
darn it!! u said this week u'd return. : (
fark, that is absolutely devastating. good for tipping, bad for everything else :( damn you collingwood!
u in canada? im in vancouver and its raining all day :(
i'm not seeing where it took the screenshot!! help me! :( <-u gotta paste it
and sent simone home!! she's the nice and normal compared to other bitchy girls :( am starting to hate antm more and more.
i really wish to get well very soon! :(
:( divas right..i just need someone to talk to..boo..luckily my visit is tomorrow.. [free peezy]
without 'old' please haha lets karaokeing babe i miss my old best friends --> sari.i , olist, mbog, zulfa, :(
doesn't want to feel like this anymore. :(
phew i was worried rubenerd.com was being specifically spam targeted. i've been getting hundreds all of a sudden :( #akismet
had a really good day, lost to rev :( but played my heart out and never gave up :)
loo seee :(
want to go with and . damn . i hate this sickness :(
i give up :(
i'm watching ftv on sctv and so d*mn hard wanna go to bali with my dad..!!! but i know that's impossible.. :(
yeah i didn't do any homework yet fuck my life goodbye weekend :(
ughh i left my phone at my bestfriend housee :( talk to me ppl
so, my lip is hella swollen and i don'tko wt 2 do! :-( havin a swollen upper lip sucks! i look like a cyclops!!!
gw 5 bulanan pdhl run! td'y dy tnding jm 2.. :( samaa :(( gue juga ndah...rt (cont)
you know what i miss?!?!?! jessica sanchez! havent talked to her inn a while :(
i just took a nap and just woke up...this does not bode well for my sleep schedule :(
im not trying to be her! i never said i was her! :(
yaahhh sedih dehhh :(
yeah my nigga i was calling you for a reason but you did not pick up the phone man :(
i'm so sorry you're not here to enjoy the con with me :(
cramping :( im attempting to eat some kfc right now.
soooorrry! :( i could've stayed home ..
think hand guy, courset lady and lizard/cat man. but like hand guy, he has a disease. :(
i am but i am about to go to bed. i wish i could be a nightowl like you all the time. :(
omw to house!<-- wish i was going. :(
people are selfish and they have no manners :-(
sexxiredbon3 awww poor baby yah tummy hurts?>>>yea n my throat :-(
i just wanna see the new video of but it's not working in my fucking country :(
why do i gotta shut up its the truth...lol u asked a question i answered lol.i wanna be held 2night :-(
iya kan limited edition hehe ia gua yg item :(
i think i sprained my wrist :( <<< stop beatin ya dick off so much!!!_ lmao stfu !
i was too but she fell asleep on me :(
i need someone to hear me :(
poor baby. :( ... im hyped up on candy, im hot & i cant sleep.
anybody have itunes acc to lend? i cannot go in mine :(
lol :(((( theyre so bleh. + whenever people in america on tv try and do australian accents they do british ones to like :(
hahahaha itu kemarin udah dari hati banget deh gue ngomong :(
i be missin u on my timeline :( . busy much? lol
your never gonna notice me, are you? :( <3
warm hug ☺ get well soon sis :( long weekend.laziness.hungry.bad cough.fever.flu.
somethin aint right w hearing empire state of mind outside the empire state. :(
tried so hard to get to zoo. couldn't find it. was too late i guess :(
some guy called me a ginger. :(
:( #zodiacfacts two #libras are likely to understand each other's need for a peaceful, pleasant home.
bye all for now! catchya all on wednesday, no home computer :( miss my twitter.
*sigh* i really miss my wife. i wish we could make things work, but we can't... :(
i hate when people are heartbroken and sad :(
been working so far, i go home tomorrow...then chillin..nothing special :( whens yours?
cooking up big easter feast! i love the holidays! part of me wishes that i was out with my family on the boat in sunny qld tho :(
the babi mild event at siam center will be cancelled krub.. :( this is the way of peaceful protesting?? i don't think so!! :(
:( i still got food tech and bio to do.
i cant even have pets on for just a sec :(
i dont even understand why i'm so sleepy atm. today is going to be looong damn. & i still miss my prof. cam & mac :(
so sorry. :( my hair just got done at 1230. wasn't gonna make it. i'm salty.
omg! i dunno wat im feelan! :( im shaking a bit and seems like somethnags gna happen..im scared;(
#nowplaying :: america's suitehearts--- ugh im misin yuu pauliee.. :(
kosong 160 in my wallet only 100rb :( hbu?
is tirrrreeeedddd....yet my legs are restless...not cool :(
this bout to be killer but i need it :(
:) dano is waiting for you :( where are ya?
i would love to come ...yesterday they got shut down for prostitution :( hopefully it will re-open
at apartment. makes me sad shes officially moved out :(
one more blunt and i wudve been high.. :( its sad i kno bro
i do too :( or i'm gonna be pist
traffic jam :(
this shit is ridiculous. just shows you who really has yur bckk :( . d.l.v + p.j.l fck the rest . smh !
