we live on a farm, and our car is currently at the mechanics :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you42
pleaseeee follow justinnn i have been trying to get your attention forever and i dont know what else i can doo :(
my photographer is being so mean to me :( he said i have to wait til' tomorrow to get my pics (*tear*)
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 41
mbak tega :( ade yoga's friendship is based on self interest and he thinks everyone has the same ideas.
can't get any ringtones for my phone :(
whats wrong? :( naww i'm also in a sad mood
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you40
i'm tight my job got every other damn channel but that shit lol :(
hmm say u shouldn't mix red bull and vodka :( so much for that idea guess i'll drink it plain mmmmmmmmmmmm
can't get my make-up done at mac for my birthday. :(
i want more :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you39
it said april 3rd online! :(
damn my back is killin me!! :(
went to a party and was crashed by a cop. so un completed mission tonight. :( now going home with a head ake.
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you38
feeds me cookies that fall in between the car seats without me knowing :( smh then he tweets about it! lol
omg!!! i'm about 2 go in. my brothers house :/ idk what ill think about her :/ i don't want 2 go in :(
have a show or a meet and greet on april 24 at downtown disney. i can't go :(
ughhhhh!!! i'm hungry!!! :-(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you37
partyin its candis last weekend :-(
glade is asleep so i am going to watch a bit of a movie and work on some #birtharts stuff.... i really miss my dh tho :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you36
gonna miss you too honey :(
radicals :( it's a shame
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 35
aww man :( well im sorry 2hear ur day didnt go as planned i hate when that happins
aw man, i'm regretting setting my alarm for four hours after i went to sleep. :( #eastercon
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 34
this is a depressed kitty. :(
ughhhh, supper sickk d: using my mammas phone. mines not workingg :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 33
not feeling good all! :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 32
i wish i didn't fucking snore :( i love you i'm sowwy baby :( *hugs* <3
finally made it home. that drive was sooo long. :(
.. i have no clue what anchorman is... :-( ... #anchormannoob
noo...doesn't want to leave nice warm bed :(
yeah, i hate it, sometimes i miss out on great bands because of it, but other times i get stuck with bands that stink :(
i'm leaving on the 9th :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 31
so hungry. wanna go to pancious :(
sophie just woke up from a nightmare. got her back to sleep, but she's got the shaky breathing now. our poor baby. :-(
lol aww u don't believe me! :-( #saltytweet the truth is still the truth & it'll make u free my brutha! lol
hate i didn't make it to 's party :( but i had a great night w my dog, my sister, her friend, and mario and his roomies! :)
what's the purpose of my twitter account if are not following me and he couldn't even read my twit loves for him!!! :( so sad
beli batre br aja ce..lmyn murah kok yg ori cina.. damn!! baru satu setengah bulan punya , batre saya positif bocooorrr!! :(
heeiyhellooo. beli dimana itu vitafem cun? i think i could use it for my period..makin parah tiap bulan niy :(
i think my osp buddy forgot about me. :( it's been a month and i still haven't gotten anything.
haha i'm not late. i just don't wanna believe it. tear tear :(
i think i ate too much.. :(
mau main stronghold lagi... :(
me too :( but its okay babe.
i called one last time and he answer. i'm angry with him now. :(
i hate migraines. :(
going to the cherry blossom festival tomorrow....still in pain though goddamnit :-(
rain please stop. pleasee :(
ahhhhh bye bye twitter for a few days :( i love you! off to woolacombe in a minute :)
what is wrong? :( disgusted
in montana, no person can raise rats and in kansas no one can wear a bee in their hat. :(
woke up 6am : (
i need to find my headphones. :(
yea i should have taken that last shot... :(
aw man, i'm regretting setting my alarm for four hours after i went to sleep. :(
ugh... type o negative... :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you30
:( feeling sick! i woke up with a headache and soar throat.. but i'm going to work anyways!!
awe. :(
its not that good :( it tastes weird
spent the afternoon soaking up the sun in the pool with the bff and her boyfriend. good times, other than feeling like poo. :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you60
aww bless :( when you coming back?
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you59
take a bath. watch up in the air. work. or take a bath, read fanfic then work. :(
sure, lewat bbm aja yah. aku nya aneh bgt abis :( ci clar, can you please send me (cont)
why i can't log in my twiiter on fb twitter appplication?? :(
so nervous for the result. :(
that's y i want 1 so bad myself :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 58
whenever i get a dm while is online i get all excited. then it's not him and i'm upset :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 57
#shitty !! ngerasa ada yg beda but dunno what dunno why :(
going to work in a bit :( would rather not..
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 56
it's not taylor swift i fell for it too :(
oh,i'm sorry 2 hear that sista :( follow or my nanny will hit you with her umbrella hahaha..
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 55
i am going to bed. i have a tummy ache :(
good day internship today. so many ppl at at balboa park. also, i haven't decided which class to drop yet. :(
watch me and bestie are going to be all sadd. we have no reason to wander the halls during 5th :( we don't want to see the boys :/
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you54
:( i'm hella sad! i beat my highscore on traffic rush and got 334...then andrea played with my phone and got 781! :( :( :( :( :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you53
i promised someone that i would go somewhere else with them! :( you suppose to be here
:( :( :( sorry you're feeling that way i hnestlydon't know how to help you :( :(
i'm bored :( been awake since 7am
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 52
don't leave :( there just childish, your better than that ..:) i'll sort them out for ya. no joking you don't deserve it :/
noo! but she got hurt i think. like by being tackled. but i wanted to see it. lmfao :(
i miss you :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you 51
tummy hurts :-(
i've been trying for soo long to get you to follow me! :'( but you never notice me.. :( follow me? <3 please please? :)
well i cant sleep so im going to watch house.. yey.. :(
:( me too! but looks like starbucks opens at 7.30 i know where i'm going every morning i go to work if i carry on going from here!
you are obviously upside-down. no offence. :(
yeah haha and awhhh :( take a day of!!!
goodbye freedom :( i'll miss you!!
esto es increible! extraño a y tantoooooooooooo! :(
i'm leaving on the 9th :( <-- skippin' the weekend?! why oh why...haha i guess i need to make a trip to the bay anyways :)
i fucking hate my life :(
ah, i see. :( all provided that u x kena ns as well =d
it's depressing to think at 1830 tomorrow it will be dark. winter is coming... :(
be a long mass can't wait :( gonna watch my younger couzions get baptized and my other 1st communion and baptized and oldest all three!! :)
i'm cold :(
no one is online :( but i am iming jessica on myspace
ya :( lol
:( me and made a video for you last night and you didn't even see it....please check it out and reply to
:(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you50
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you49
hehehe maaf sher :(
as if accidentally walking into the men's room at o'hare wasn't bad enough, i guess it was caught on airport security cameras :(
who are you with? and i wish i was with you :( « owww!!! #twitterafterdark
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you48
fuck. april fool's is coming back to bite me in the ass :(
i just got off work :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :( please reply me. thomas reply me ¬¬ (?) :| hahaha. argentina loves you47
rip moe :( i'll miss you. i miss him already omg :(
i need plug-ins :(
i want to hear from you :(
and i'm fast moving from invalid to corpse stage !!! rigor mortis is setting in :-(
where did u go last night ??
