damn, i just need to get my butt down. grrrrrr :(
i didn't mean it :(
doesn't following me! i'm so sad! i don't like it! :(
i loved clash of the titans! great action scenes. gotta work tomorrow though :( off to bed zzzzz
don't do my boo like that!!! :(
not fair, these tournaments look fun, i wanna play magic :( nobody will teach me still :'(
i done scared a guy in ultimate! but it's his fault. other dudes think my bro is my man :( lol
:') i need yourt nobody needs me :(
bbm-ing with curhat yaaw :(
damn! many people unfollow me :( this is so sad!
wishing my car had a roof :(
wats the best way to hurt someone so bad???? :-(
please please help me to tell jasmine to follow me--- :(
early day 2mrw :(
ok so i'm not wearing what i planned to the party... ugh kinda pissed :-(
shout out to everyone havin fun tonight while i'm sittin on tis here bed doin nothin. cause i'm tired an i think i got stood up :(
uoehouehueohouehoue jura? :( fudeu
i freakin know ashley! and thanks for saying goodnight shawn :(
tb tou amic :( fk54rwçj q
playing 's song again :( i miss u bbk :'(
i miss my first job :(
the cold weather got me sick...ugh! i cant get sick now! so frustrating :-(
i wanted to go see it :(
i'm in love with topshop, i feel so pooooor though! :(
ehhh ! todayy was toobomb ! hunqq out with my a's . but wewere missinq onee ! :( . ehh chilled , ate , walked , hadd funn !
head is pounding by the way. :(
lowkey miss talking to you everyday :(
i know it's horrible :( how bad do u think the demons guy feels.. he missed the mark about 2 steps from goal line!! :o :(
i shouldn't drink because i am hella h.... :(
they didn't play it. :( but it was an awesome show, anyway.
im hearing this now :( miss u !!
i am! :( ugh
cerita!!!! bales sms dong :( susah dijelasin :(
so tweets always get me thinking :(
wanna go home now :( ..
awww :( i would cry of jealousy
you guys talked about god of war and both said "game." :(
wow! i really think im invisible. aaah. fml. why doesnt anything good happen to meee :(
for most physicists, it's just theoretical. :(
sorry to hear about your loss :(
gusto ko ng mais con yelo from mackys :(
it'd sure make my day if ever replied to any of my tweets :\ oh well, he's got lotsa fans, cant reply to them all :(
so sad niley fans can't love miley & her choice]. liam is a great respectful kind sweet guy. he makes her happy but to them its who wins :(
last week of rockband, singstar before exam :( 30 days left before doomsday
just put together the kids easter baskets. i just put in a little candy and best buy gift cards. my babies are growing up! :(
yaheess! dudes hardly know what they're doing :( "eating pussy is an form of art" #twitterafterdark
is shattered that melbourne just lost :( 1 point.... so close!
saw you at the show watching! which you would of wrestled :(
i miss my homie :-( ihop just ain't the same without the straw paper trick.
mcqueen... coz u r one. bali on may is coming.. still don't have a sunglassess.. recommendation, please! :(
i feel guilty when someone tells me that theyre jealous of a special guy in my life :(
resident evil in 3d lol how lame :(
what's wrong? : (
goin to church. i dislike family outtings :(
just as bad .. goodnight :(
no no no where the hell is she been m.i.a 2 long smh :(
feels bad she let down :( &nd joses chilling at work wit us again haa. :)
says :-d for passing accounting 6 and :-( for my friends for not passing....
damn & how old are u? cause that's so many times! :(
i don't wanna work :(
oh yahaira does the same :(
mhmm :-(
you are bad, you never answer me :(
each and every song i listen to... it reminds me of you.... i miss you so much right now :( i wish you were here with me...
i miss you :( i think someone's cursing me.. i'm sneezing!
i need a peephole! :( for me to make a home made fish eye lens. i know its cheap. :l
omg. omg. smeaton :( no !!!!!!!
and maxy still had is eyebrows. i miss them eyebrows :(
