please follow me jasmine,i love u.i hope u will follow ur fans :(
lol tuh niqqa takinq mad lonq •i didn't get a call all day :(
idk anything :(
so there will be no 2d animation movie in the future right ? :(
lol yeah...same here...and i like her (: shes nice and pretty! ...i feel bad i was so mean about her before :(
stopped by zankou but i must have just missed you guys. :(
i want to be there :( come and rest in my bed i give you feelings in this relationship@ida_y_vuelta
back on uk soil. where my bag is who knows. or when 4th person of our party will make it back :-( damn ba
but then it would get cold :( and that's no good so i ate it for u ;}
rain rain go away :(
i see then what about the album art n info?can edit in itunes?how come u always come back when j don't :(
someone eat away my potato chips and drank finished my milk. :(
you're talking about me :( lol
i'm so bored. :( wish someone cann message mii.
i miss my dadddy :(
untung belum aku folback ges hahahahart org alay masuk jir jahat kalian :( (cont)
i love title fight and i feel like an idiot now. :(
mama gw kegny knal am mama lu keg pernah liat :b wew ke tko guw yeyy ver =p huhu :( otw itc .wihoo :)
i cant sleep :(
okaaay :( we'll talk about it tomorrow online mmkay ? feel better gurrrl. xo
hahaha! yep! kunyari walang nangyari. >_< alam mo yung you're upset, pero you still love him? t__t ang hirap tuloy. :(
i miss talking to my hunny already :(
yess geez lol ..wait why am i talking to you? your mean :(
there just wasn't anything to do. i didn't make any plans with anyone because i'm a dumbass. so i did homework :(
my mommmmm! she invited me to dinner n said she wanted to see it... :( but its not really worth the (cont)
me too :(
i soooo tried to stay up tonight to catch you. it's 2:25am and this east coast man has to go to bed. :-(
whats this world coming to. teenage means of entertainment shifts from t.v. and computers to destruction and terrorizing. :(
on the bus without my ipod :(
wish i was goin to get them spizikes tomorrow too :( lol but its coo.. i ain't trippin too much off em this time lol
:( 2:30am is early, is it not? im going now, i can't handle this abuse from you any longer. not solving a cube and making fun!
batal fitness :( calorieeees gwww mau dikemanaain?!
i want the pussycatdolls workout dvd :(
i wanna go to disneyland sooo bad. :( someone please plan a trip with me?
. i just hurt his feelinqs :( i hate hurtin peoples feelinqs
mad at u cause i have had to do sushi by myself!!!! :-(
i cnt sleep :(
you tweet me but you don't follow me. please follow me. im begging. follow me. please :( 15
i cant sleep :( i hate when im thinkin but thats life....10 days and everything will b on track again blessed
listening to nasty bitch reminds me of ... :( back this ass up!
gauvin just asked the room who had testicles 2 c who was man enough 2 take a shot of vodka. i was 2 raise my hand &.... no testicles :-(
noooo #jonasbrothers is going down!! :(
lol everyone seems 2 say that but i'm broke with jus a dollar & a dream stuck in houston :(
where did today go :(
you tweet me but you don't follow me. please follow me. im begging. follow me. please :( 14
2 pints of lager shandy last night was clearly too much. indicated by the sofa being covered in my cup of tea. now stressed at 7am :-(
stuck in this horrible little town.. :( can't wait to get to hyd!!
you tweet me but you don't follow me. please follow me. im begging. follow me. please :( 13
chilling with bojana at mine. listening to old as tunes. i miss old school rap. :(
iyaa nii sedih bgt :( sipsip :) yaaah☹ yaudh gpp,slm buat keluarga yaa:)rt
bahah yeah i know :( in alabama, it's illegal to flick boogers in the wind. i won't do that again (;
no one ever includes me in #teamgimp? : (
you tweet me but you don't follow me. please follow me. im begging. follow me. please :( 12
anyone wanna hook me up with a pack of white size small v necks from walmart i'm running low : (
i hear you, same thing happened to me last night and is killng me :(
:( what bastards!
thankiuu,cepzz :* get well soonrt radang tenggorokan nih :( huhuhu..thankiuu yah vgb :* (cont)
i hate how lindsey treated carla in episode 3 :(
i just cant motivate myself to do it :(
haha, scrabble implemented my idea :(
i'm gonna miss everyone from wrtv next year :( even kyle and alex and their handstands ahah
i dont have your number anymore :(
looooooooooooool i love
u
shanna
fuck
marry me :(
im so effin upset i missed him i mean it :-(
still watching fcw:) the episode i'm watching, i was disappointed to find dusty rhodes commentating and not :(
ok im giving up, you never see my tweets :(
ha.. everybody always pokes fun of me for this! :-(
no se terminó, no, no, no :(
i haaaated four. probably because i hated the big bad, oz went away and riley was boring. :(
