aaaaaa :'( hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
rt: can we reschedule thursday? i miss ur cooking-----hmm i guess eventhough you forgot about me... :(
omg my mum won't stop comparing my boyfriend with my brother and vishal. like seriously, stop it stop it stop it. it's scarring meeeee! :(
headn homeee :-(
:( you guys hurt my soul
wow o_o i would like that here. if not it's rly hot :(
this means holidays are like half over :(
far out tumblr!! i would really love to blog :( please work!
im watching the ustream thing! lmao :) i missed the chat :(
i feel like such a jerk... whoops. :(
enak iato :) i don't want to be 15. i don't want to be older :(
follow me pleasee :(
booo is on their tweet limitt!!! :( keep following though.
i wanna stay to do meetandgreet but dadddd wants to go home :(
good nite ppl...ugh tummy hurts :(


gotta get up super early tmrw. ptl.
hey someone wanna talk ?? i think its the third time i tweet that bc nobody answer :(
i just burst out into tears when i looked at my hair in the mirror :-(
talking to quise he's all the way in japan and i won't see him for twon years :-( so sadd
i wonder if people even miss me on here :(
... i think poreotare. no wait i can't choose! miss you guys on the show! :(
it's not :(
fucking cock suckers dude wtf!! ahh :(
may i spam josh & jenna on my tumblr again? please? :(
sowweeee! :(
for me facials hurt :(
couples forgot their child at airport...they realized it only when the passengers count was taken from flight :-( :-(
very slow connection :(
bad idea jeans: fetting a concentr8ed b-12 shot 4 the 1st time then rolling dirty w/seafood enchiladas & an adios... vomitous much :(
gym, sushi, and jacuzzi is like the best night ever! now to ruin it by doing my commstd's speech..... :(
my fishy is going to die :(
lol lier you ain't call me i only got a txt 4rm u :(
ugh , i want my boyfriend :( -- anyways , not feeling to well ! goodnight :-*
effin gruven! its a comfort zone lol missing a member of the coachella team :(
i always act extra suspicious in hope that i might be shined on, but it hasnt happened :(
no :( but i will next time on sunday. well attempt to
the kids did great but it's still a point and it's still the black and white filth :(
omfg i'm pissed my dad threw away my wheat grass juice... it's too expensive for that. this is the second time he's done that. :( my dinner
omg how :( i broke my ankle last year and was on crutches for 6 monthsss!
it was a damn short night guys... :(
:(
there's a giant spider in my room and it looks rugged in that prehistoric kind of way. i'm terrified. :(
school :( ..ready to go i'll be home in 2 weeks :)
i know, got me feelin' lame.. :(
sorry hon, i really wanted to the iphone won't play it. :( great show last night too!!
word :( this shit sucks i can't find it anywhereee
ok, i'm deleting this account... everybody hates me so.. good bye! i'm truly sorry i wish i didnt have said that! :( bye :(
:( the killing of oneself is sucky.
i was looking for you,but mike says you're not here! boooo! i wanted to see you! :(
well i would but im going to bed sorry :(
thanx 4 the food :(
should go back to da joe....since my plans were cancelled :-(
i'm sorry , i'll very troublesome youu until may :| i'm sorryyy. i'll on if i can. i promise :(
yes, i'm back. funeral. :(
kmt you (luu)»suck. « :(
you missed it. it was today. i missed it too though :(
:( i have to clean my room
yes i stumbled across rally up yesterday after someone mentioned it...sadly no blackberry app so its a non starter for me :(
i'm going to work. being a retailer means working when others are chilling.. :-( what course did you do?
just finished doing hair..still need to do mine :-( <yes you do
totally gonna be in your hood tomorrow too :(
calling it a night! still have about 442 songs to go :( !
had fun tonight but i missed :-(
kimy, get well please :( lapit na leadership and paulink!
i keep listening for noises outside :(
fine! don't send me your number..... bitch :(
formspring.me/gussfoo ughh rolling baaalsss man :( hit me upp
i'm tired and i feel ill :(
im sorry! :( but scarlett there r more fish in the sea..forget about him..hes a jerk!
heyyy! i really want to go i'm trying to find some hometown friends to go with. :( lol do u member
sumpah please gw butuh keluar dari rmh gua sekarang jg! please bgt help me :(
aldjiadiislksjsid :( :( :( boys are stupid! except david
:( cheer up babes it's easter! happy easter btw :) know what you're doing for your bday?
there was a quote this morning comparing god and satan in the xtian mythology and saying the satan came out ahead. now i cant find it :(
i also want to have holiday! i am now working hard at school :(
hmmm nice nice... m at work u know :(
everyone stopped talking to me :( lol
haha we are having too good of a time! too bad i have a workout class at 9:45 am :(
boring time ., huuuft :(
....think outside the box for that one...tv til i knokced....real shit...i miss my baby hella muchooo...humph :( another lonely nite. 2more*
fuck noooo!!! dont put images in my head :(
you are still not following me :( :( :( /dies
q: do u think i am a total bitch :( a: no! of course not. ur the nicest girl ever as l...:
q: do u think i am a total bitch :( a: no! of course not. ur the nicest girl ever as l...:
minum obat buu .. ya ampun sakit perut tak tertahankan :(
just got scammed on fb, do not join any pages for free groceries, it's late and i'm tired, that was so dumb of me :(
yessssssssssssssssss even tho u ignore my tweets :(
awwwww :) i hope ours won't get that big :s we'd have to get rid of him then :(
i missed cinlang class today :(
haha i'm awake, i'm trying to find a non-silverlight link for my friend but if there's one i dunno where :(
miss :(
what happen :-(
so sad niley fans can't love miley & her choice]. liam is a great respectful kind sweet guy. he makes her happy but to them its who wins :(
why i feel this way, all the insecurities and thoughts that go through my mind, i wish i can forget and have fun but i cant even do that :(
q:u dont wanna talk with me :( so no matter a:of course i want to talk with u bestie!
apparently, people steal tweets & do not credit the authors. i got blocked recently by tejas 74 bc i asked... :(
i know i still cant believe it! :( i miss him!
due to political situation, all the malls in siam area will be closed today, imcluding us :(
i just didnt say :(
i let him go twice :( don't ever say you don't love him if you can't let him go. (n/a) #ihatequotes
being bored!! :-(
yes! aww man. i hate that i'm fallllllllllling..... :(
omg i miss you :(
crap i just accidently called my friends mum. :(
:( sebel ahhh x-(
all this liquor in front of me n i can't drink it :( i'm driving... darn!!!
so true :-( when u're pissed off with ur parents, think : u're lucky to have them, many ppl long to see theirs.#ihatequotes
i need coffee. but can't seem to muster the strength to get outta bed! c'mon yo can do it!-- i need it too :(
haha it wasn't that black, i mean they didn't have kool-aid on the menu :(
i'm watching a fucking chick movie with a fycking dude fml queenie fall asleep :(
#ds138 clothes in the closet it's messy :(
aku mau download lagunya ci :(
i just took the idiot test... i am a complete and utter idiot... :(
im going through all my youtube sub videos right now, ctfxc, shaytards, phil, danbrown...and im trying to put out a vlog tonight...dammit :(
i try :( but he keeps texting me and hitting on me and making pervy unwelcome comments
i need to use the com... :(
oh yea, well i'm thinkin abt u 2 :(
i wish i was doing something for easter :(
watching new episode of fringe :( for walter!
hari ini ketemu cuman 15 menit :(
i want a song too! :(
miss you! :(
feeling the effects of age discrimination :( nobody wants to be your friend when you're 45...
nooo don't say that... :( i guess i'll find out tomorrow. :)
best response i've gotten to that question.. ever. lol. i hope i will be too! :(
& i try so hard :(
uh oh. i have no one to go see #boy with. :( did i use the hash key right ? i dont think i did. but i gave it a go !
that was cool! but too short :(
haha, you're at that same place from the other time? i wwnna do my nails too! :(
hell na i am not that much of a man to get a tat on my neck plus i cant even get a tat cause i am into acting : (
i think she fell asleep... :(
cant sleep... :( upset. fuck.
mmmm.. yur a little too far :(
my brother when back to his condo. i'm all alone again :(
