ugh twitter !< u don't seem 2like it that much right now<~~its #dead :(
so me and the love of my life are going to have a star wars marathon and eat popcorn and slurpees =d too bad he lives in canada. :(
worrd, mee too :(
i miss you too :-( it's lonely over here now...
oh yes me 2 well i gotta go i have headache :( i dont feel good bye hope see u soon take care
waiting for my phone to ring :-( lol
show off!!! i thought u were my friend :(
i don't like that you're ignoring me :(
bingo. vdpau is only for supported nvidia video chipsets :(
my chinese food came & i missed the call :( wow
aw u sed ma word sowwie, n i8 :( was it sonin i sed ?
i miss my bff i hope she gets better soon. i think this is the longest i haven't in talked to her in 5 years :(
whyyyyy can't i sleep :(
:( <\3
:(
gosh walk in with chips and dip and parents kick me out :( ahh im rejected...i feel loved!
is scaring me he doesn't tweet fans as much anymore.... :(
soooo full. why do i always eat too much. :(
ah, yeah. would be hard to keep it up to date :( although, i love the idea/concept. we'll probably use it soon. . .
provided by the school :( so marcus dixon helped me for nothing too..made me so sad!
couldn't find any :(
swim though? idk how to :(
oh & my breathe carolina shirt i bought today, yeah it's ripped :( i'm bringing it back on monday & i'm gonna get the sunglasses too.
just put in a 13 hour day and i'm beat! baby is sick, too, and keeps waking up. i think i'll be a zombie tomorrow. better hit the hay! :(
okay i must admit i miss da 8 08 ik- and the other ones that name idk!<- :-(
baby on tap tap defeated me today. i'm upset. :(
:( awww do what you gotta
there you go..we have one already lhooo :) wanna play in a band again :(
started raining and my wireless gone :( eff! good for #canucks winning this game! wooo!!!
not very nice! :(
is there a such thing as eating too much sushi??? me no feel so good.. comida no bueno :(
i hate it when i just strt crying out of nowhere :(
im here wit b shakin my head...sorry dat ur not enjoyin urself, wish i was their to cheer u up :-(

mizz milkshake thick
wish i had someone to go to the movies with :( that's all i wanna do.. and go to dinner :(
i woke up feeling very restless with my body, leg and hand aching all over! :(
i think i may have that =( -- me too :( , i think we should fall in love w/ eachother cuz i wouldn't hurt you
you can go now daddy :(
.......smh im mad you :( (y)
i know omg. he's still a baby :( i mean i know dongho is a 94er but that's a different story.
sisters going to stanley beach. potato stay at home.....working :-(
ifreakin luv justin bieber :-( n ifreakin luv never let you go *sigh* #nowplaying .. cudnt he b like 3 yrs older???
okay!!!! don't yell at me! see? every time i am nice, you are mean to me :(
:( you can always text meeh(:
is today sunday? ah fack! i still havent got myself a easter egg :( a big one!
he's at school :( where's your bitches at ? lol
lol, oooops. you're the only black guy following me :(
i curled my hair but the curls already came out :(
my fingers r blue green purple and pink and orange!!! hahah the die wnt cmoe off!!! :(
oh :( okay bye love ya and its okay ill be very busy ;) haha. bye
i don't like it at all that when i type in "drew garrett" on google everything is saying how he has been replaced, dammit, i get it :( </3
my pobrecito poochie hurt his leg and can hardly walk, it makes me sad to see him like that :(
sim card yg im3 ilang beey :(
easiest way to fool girls is to pretend to be fool. i've succeeded. but now changing that impression's hard. :(
shocking..! while am stuck in curfew,my cousins who live other parts of the city are walking freely,enjoying their daily life :(
sign says 5 miles. hope u'll be waiting on standby. :(
your mom is awesome[: ya i met her when i met you last july! miss you jb! come back to tx! wish i could go to the concert :(
singing and playing guitar just because i miss my sweethang. :( wow, i'm really corny.
just another day without you.. :(
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
i'm all the way in my feelings right now. i really miss my mommy. her hugs are the best. i haven't had a soothing hug since she moved :(
i have this tiny feeling mcr will win... :( but i want muse to win!! lmao
yes but not for you, sorry, do like you though. can only vote once :(
no wayyy hiks hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
even with those environment variables set, "ffmpeg headers not found" :(
beneeerrr kannn???badan gw makin sakit...i need bersih sehat please :(
i don't feel right. i think i'm gettin sick :(
photo: reblog this if you miss them!!!!!!!!!!!! » omonaaa~~ i miss them :( hangeng back please!! all members...
i love y'all so damn much!! !!! :( ♥♡
when i go to jail ima sure miss twitter! :(
awwww, sorry about ruined ice cream : ( that is a tragedy! i'm alright, been a very uneventful day actually : )
i'll never understand him... : (
im mad u in my town<lol!!..sorry!! :(
lagi cari nafkah om! buat lo sama anak2 lo haha menghilang boy pacar gue :( (cont)
nooooooooooo! i didn't get to see chill :(
el papá de miley en the last song :(
hey kim, i think i miss your tweets a lot. looks like we don't get to tweet at the same time :(
its really not :( but these fights will only make you guys stronger :)
lol meeee tooo!!! too bad you left me for la :(
fail. i wanna know who the hoodlum is that took off the top of the pepper shaker :(
why do you guys hate me :(
im an a-hole :(
i embarass you! waaahhhhhhhhhhh :-( i iz ugly fat pig cow bish. lulz
going johor later without sisty :( so boring lah like that, if can ajak yusuf kan best haha.
:( you'll be ok. just dropped isaac off at lax and mannnn that was rough!! i thought big girls don't cry!?! ughhh :'( wahh
lol wtf was that.. im so fucking confused... omg my head :( kaaay whateeevs, hmph.
nobody will b at home fr the whole day, i better find activities fr myself!! :(
ohhhh that does suck :( i broke my right arm when i was in junior high....that sucked too
finally back home! damn it, i really got bored in that house; and i'm going tomorrow again... with no ipod!! :(
yes girl i dint know how i ended up doin that sorry! : (
iaint got any. dont nobody want me :(
i just realized i have to pack! and i have no time tomorrow todo it! :(
i wish i got 2 hear neverland music :( love u!rt@genevievejaxn: neverland music what's your favorite relaxation music?
am fine dear ... :) to tumne treat nhi dia... :(
why can't i sleep? eff :(
if i get to page 60 i can go to bed. i'm tired :(
i need a massage. :(
god doesn't care about your flatbread. :(
this movie is wayyyyyyy too much for me!!! :-(
:( noooo, i was joking
eu quero aprender a compor músicas que nem o adam young e o matthew thiessen. :(
if this is about my soul... take it i dont want it with out u! :(
:( its okk
we'll see...i wont have the jeep later in the day :(
yup it does :(
:-( dnt do dat 2 me
still complainin about my allergies :(
heiaa im really sick now :(
i know kris is nice but i can't get into him... :(
girls arent ugli, just arent as cute as othas<<nahh they ugg- lmao stop it :(
dang, a 4-pack of tickets for only $80?! too bad they're bad seats. :(
why is my whole world suddenly turning upside down? from school, to here. just like high school all over again :(
im so hungry :( what's on the menu? hmmmm
bout to go night night :( school on saturday morning! how wack!
jeez i'm tired i think i'll just take a shower in the morning too tired now :(
gah! out of steam halfway through my run :( #fb
i kno :( sadface we could have kept each other company
bored, stoned, sitting in your basement... all alone :(
i guess i can never do enuff :(
i want the corny beast soooo bad :(
fuck these atomic wings bro! uhh!!!! :( bad idea!
i dont knoow :( ! come your ass to canada. :)
mexican :( na jk i love who i am but people always talk to me in english thinking i don't know spanish lol
really.. i feel so bad i cnt do shyt... no drinkin no smokin... :-( well my baby worth da wait
no making fun of chris ellers :(
lol at no thats code for aww how cute... what school you go to? i didnt really have a prom . . :(
i was just thinking "wow, i have heaps of store credits on the twloha fancorps!" & then i realized not really, cause shirts are 6500 :(
i feel sick. :( and i have a fever. big time. but i'm babysitting. blah. why me?
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
lol speaking of which...bummer i can't go to comiccon this summer!! i so wanted to!! :(
3-9 in long island, dats y im not gon b in park :(
saw the #'s & didn't remember them on the ticket. dont think its a winner :-( #datsmystory #wondering. did we win the lottery?
i have no friends on twitter.. :(
