lol yesss ! i so feel you. my shit is def dropping below a 3.0 which sucks ass :( i fucked up this semester. got to comfortable
:-( <<<<<<<<<<< #juststfu
that sucks.....really does :(
yups i was right :(
brb need to find hilarious material of you now. if only i had any. :(
damn its gay here :(
bah, i wish i could have got a code for a pax hoodie :( #paxeast #paxwest
hahaha no! someone else :(
i feel blah after eating. :(
i wanna continue reading :) but i can't :(
i wrote my chapter 19 outline today, and i realized that i have to do something really terrible to my sparkly kids. god help me. :-(
the trailer angered me because of her acting! lol i was legitimately angry. i'm a dork :(
retweet if you miss someone right now :(
i would be orphaned :( i dont wanna kill my mom, but...
ugh i have such a bad headache :(
wassup with twitter it aint the same anymoree!! :-(
only follows people with villegas in their name :( that doesn't make me less of a #jasminator #fact
haha .. jauh amat sihh :(
tommy, can you please tell to unblock me? i'm still blocked by the hacker :( same
i only drank 2. tossing around in bed from 2am to 6am. :(
soree nanti latian ngband :( #males
♪ #nowplaying thick as thieves -- short stack :(
i wanna make my own tt . like #followvannda .. :(
sheba jayus :( samaan new avatar :) new avatar.. bukan avatar the legend of aang ya (?)
fill out an application form, i live in cali, so its easy as fuck. idk if minors can apply though :(
please i took all night rting :( i did a really good rt! plz its says "you r over the status limit" help
slept at 4 something last night. :( woke up late for tuition :( sigh... not a good start to the weekend
awwweh :( whats wrong? mines pretty sauseome xd
i saw :( haha. i need to find my ap mag !!!
sigh....mrs sarah brinkmann i still cant believe youre gone :( its been almost five months since u left the world and we are all still sad
i'm all alone at home :(
wasn't invited :( hik hik shoulda come to the island with me :)
[08] days left til my 18 bdayy guyss ! april 11 ; :)--> bdaii sex?> i need dat :( lolss 18 rounds lolss jk
:( wish i wasn't stuck at home with a sleeping baby! i'd so be down!
really? :( shinee's hello baby will end at 12th episode :( #kpopfacts
my white hair! i miss it :(
yuh. bah :(
covered in misquito bits :( im going to slleepp now , night !
im trying to avoid you , but i really miss you :(
yes, that must be very hard. :( they were both so beautiful. rip rose and bruce. i love that you are adding them to the art.
very bummed that isla vista didnt turn out the way i planned :(
chaaaaapsttiiickkkkk!
...where are you? :(
my other laptop is dead :(
i can't even see the game cause i'm in detroit :( but can you tell shannon brown i said, hey!!!!!!!!! lol
there's gk practice today?! oh crap, i never know anymore. :( but ah well, i'm not in the talent show naman eh. :)
ughhh my throat is bothering me. my immune system hates me :( i want a new one.
i stink of burnt hair :(
i miss my guitar :(
i wish i was with you and gabby. :(
i hate boys who think its cool to call girls fat, ugly, or just flat out make fun of em! to bad im one of those girls :( but im not fat!
hah??????? why? when? i'm so sorry to hear that... my deepest condolencies to his family and rics :(
its raining in guatemala :/ wtf!? :(
i dont know!! but i dont use it :(
cupcuprt unyunyu cabaalrt tau deh yg udh di copot hiks :( (cont)
you tryanna replace me now? :( *tear*
not cool :( i just had to say it... ok turning my phone off now. bye
not u...the person who wrote damn & i'm in iguanas! :( naw never that. what u doin?
o im sorry to hear that. i hate death :( u doin ok?
ahh that tyler perry movie pissed me off! it wasn't suppose 2 end like that! :(
naaaay, parehas tayong maraming namiss na panoorin. kainis. :( :))
babyyyyy..got bad news....wee hana decidio ir a santiagooo...cheka tu inbox en face..waaaaaaa love yaaaaa :(
"they would be adorable if demi didn't have such a rimmable buttchin!" i miss staying up watching disney channel with you. :(
friday night: no hollywood. no depeche mode cover band. no nina. no nothing. poo. sacrifices we have to make for work. oh well. msg me. :(
for me !! :( <~ awww yow is he? genee, you should see my ring it's niiiice
lemme play finish game first mah :(
you never tweet back :(
lmfao i love them so much :( did you see brian tweeted about music and lyrics? hay-ohhhh that's why he's the best member. cough.
thought i ws gonna have a good nite but im just at hm missn my luv like always..well i guess its just another sad nite.. :(
uggggh :(
ok, i feel even worse for journalists who don't get to be part of it all :(
i dont even know too :( huhu
talkinq too all these ppl..but you know that you the one that i miss and wanna talk too :(
last night in carson...come see me :-(
tegaa :( .. aku mau ima sayang. pliss donlotin dunkk.. love so much, much deh.. hehehe. . . brhubung gy belain ga mw ah
whaa? :(
wanna shopping ! :(
:( u just bein mean now!! lol
oh brotherrrr what did u sayyy :( i wana kno!
one of them answer, but...... :(
kok sedih? :( itu biyu hehe :")
u bet. same thing up here. i love it :(
: hahaha!! talaga chris :( ka.sad b oi! wa n c berty mo......
but it's okae...
i took my earings out on tuesday and i triedd putting them back in like all day today and they won't go in :(
ainda nao :( (@eatmemcfly live on
yesssssss the sunburn doesnt hurt, the effing carpel tunnel does. :(
aaaaww poor kitty. i'm sorry to hear that :(
ughhh my throat is bothering me. my immune system hates me :( i want a new one. • bjays mite hve one on sale by the bulk.
i see u, u don't miss me tho :(
#ghost ... «-- yeah just disappear off oovoo ! :(
haha lol i know :(
q:if you could make one person fall in love with you who... a:um, not gonna answer that. sorry :(
lol i know but i still haven't seen when she confirms it!! :(
hohoho :) ketawa dong :( udah ada yang punya cil, maaf (?) hati qm (cont)
shietttt i wanna get rid of my stretch marks :(
yay! are you coming to see me and mara perform tomorrow at the chamber music recital? bring friends! ours are out of town :(
hey,was looking fwd to fun day but now looks like rest day.. woke up unwell :(
12:22 no one message from him *again :(
i jus saw this tweet! i had a great time with you too! we will chill tomorrow! now it goin to sleep :( <3
hmmph. sugar high wearing off :(
patience is not my strong suit. its something i struggle with & need to work on. i wonder will i succeed in life but want it all now. :(
yep. :( i have "unusual" hair. took me years to find someone who could handle it!
u left me for la. :( how was i gonna invite u?!
favorite game ever <3. i'm jealous. my super nintendo freezes when you walk beside it :(
...okay so i think i'm having withdrawals...to what you may ask?...final fantasy xiii :(
idk :( but it's under ct recommendation right?
thanks! better education for health professionals would be a good start! so many doctors still won't treat fms patients. :(
strong declarations!!!!! :|: no q no tienes conexion de datos: :(
i been good omg i haven't talk to you in so long lol :(
as far as i heard, media, most of them are allowed to go their home villages... i'm not too sure about them... :(
i know im so flippin mad :(
i hate this place tonight! on top of everything else :(
damn now your scaring me!! :(
:( such is the young, hot mom. sorry, your pretty. the minuses come w/ the positives lol
just passed the street where i got my dui. fuck the lapd dude..they fucked everything up for me. :(
