i need youuuuuhhh :(
wish we could have tedxchandigarh too :( #tedxmumbai
losing hope :( still can't see my tweets for her. uh. hope that you will follow or even tweet me back. pleaseeeeeee.
:( womp #zodiacfacts scorpio has a reputation for being one of the scariest signs in the zodiac.
fun at the gym the sauna is crazy hot ima b sooo soar tomorroe :(
i hate losing by a point :( would actually rather get smashed, then you were never in with a chance :(
hyun ?? :( kya.a dy yg plg heboh smpe loncat" gtu dpn cctv.hhaa maksud saya kyu doang hahart
blah. now i'm hungry but mum's not at home. i'm lazy to buy/cook food :(
:(
i dont know who :( tell
nope :( thats what we are doing now, listening out for it :)rt who has heard 'lying' on the radio yet ?
i can only retweet it one time :(
i dont have pictures of all of the colors yet! :(
when is your guys break done? we dont even get one uwm :( :(
burn! but true :( ipod shuffle is the new dj...
q:um...hi. you should be in bed. you're settin... a:i'm sorry :( how can i make it up to you?
n now da twitter app on fb doesn't lemme login :( wrks fine otherwise ... any idea y ?????
i like british accents and british mixed with american accents. dont like american accents alone :(
taping ko,mungkin utk next week... huuuwaaa..'ko gk diinfo kan rin :( huhuhiks...rt (cont)
:( sad face ok thatll work
ummm pretty sure i have checked to see if u followed me and u still havent is following me but ur not :(
:(
i love huge fan! she's awesome! i wasn't trying to be her! please stop! :(
goin to bed so tired from work :(
no dont say goodbye :(
wtf is going on with my bestie?! :(
with the new yt layout my avc can't recognize any videos which means no more new music videos for my ipod :(
i miss him :( haven't got to see him in a week. for to long to go with out him :'( i need him. i'm worried about him.
brian 80 anahh 44 :( jerk face won! hahahaa
r u serious?! like for real? :-(
:( go to work with
i don't like not having spotify on my ipod, stupid update doesn't work :(
in the dominican republic :(
have u heard this? www.mukpuddy.blogspot.com r.i.p sparkle friends :( let gungi skits rule :)
diamonds stop ! :( smh i didn't even do anything idk y ur actin likk this
sedih :( ternyata ini bukan tweet ke 3000, maaf ya my 3000th tweet (cont)
:-( it will be ok friend...
me a poor student and i don't want a limited data plan :(
you wrong for them cutoffs bro :(
omg, it's the 4th consecutive day already. dear stomach, please be good. :(
i miss my hometown :(
i miss you so much more :(
get well soong ;3 sakit :(
yahh kok gtu sih :( iyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!
i was panic last night i thought my credit just gone like that :(
i got a great urge to eat ice cream!!!! :(
everytime it alerts me i got a new follower i think its so i get all excited and when i check its not :( i wish!
blackberry storm2 is nice phone but less fun with the os. :(
missing him more than usual :(
okay! one last song and i'll go to bed :( so, good night and sweet dreams tweeps!! (last song: guardians of time triopticon #nowplaying)
morning all it can't be time get up yet :-( lol
hi confused! :-(
: i should be sleeping :(
follow me please :( i will be so happy
what did i do ? :(
if you can't spell correctly then #juststfu cause i'm not gonna sit here and try to figurfe out wtf you just tried to say :(
#whyareyou so mean to me?!? :(
well today was a pretty boring day :( cant wait till tomarrow so i can go home. =)
just finished doing hair..still need to do mine :-(
hate this feeling... throwing up & terrible pain on my tummy since this morning :(
u know lahhh ayo pilih yg mana mpik?? jgn vieeee..kasian bee :( ampe 6 bln lahrt party
4 day holiday weekend = a bad cold this sucks :(
ur mum don't want to side u ah :(
after a long nights workk. looking forward to watching bewitched and crashing :). note to self...stop biting your nails!!! :(
i can hear you :(
where are you right now? :(
can't get in :(
sumpah rid.. ini yang baca twit bukan gw doang.. lo harusnya maluuu !! :(
my stomach hurts :(
just finished movie night with and my sister. "brothers" was pretty sad :(
what? why so long :( another 24 hours before my data plan in activated
o.o i don't even know how to do that. :/ i wore my blue shirt today, but it looks black. :(
! please follow me! why wouldn't u ever notice me ? :(
