i've been trying for soo long to get you to follow me! :'( but you never notice me.. :( follow me? <3 please please.
my tummy hurtz :(
we should've gone clubbin' tonight :(
:( hope you get some more sleep tonight!
*brings over chicken soup* poor thing saw it's pleurisy :(
dvd of dears has been ordered twice. the site of gackt has weak security. :(
not funnnny! :( :( :(
super sad break up tonight :( i hate boys!
i think fell asleep :(
wish my mom is ok :(
i wanna tear up everytime mufasa dies :(
ima be sad until iget sum headphones . two ipods no headphones :(
whats happening with pepsi and pringles? i can't find any promotional magnums here anyway :(
9 years until i'm 30. things need to start happening in my life :(
i didn't get a text from you... :(
kuch romantic platform to batao,will write mera naam aayega na lyrics writer mein, warna mein chetan_bhagat ki tarah ro dungi :(
so sorry to hear about your grandma :(
sure are a lot of dancers this week!rt last song guys :-(
ow, i am hung to the over :( well worth it tho :)
open your eyes, look within. are you satisfied with the life you're livin'? -bob marley #twq -- hmm i guess not :(
u should should go back to da joe....since my plans were cancelled :-(
oooh, sorry about that :(
latest version of ubertwitter not working on my bb :-( "server over capacity" ??
school 2day :( emma and katie shoving cheese sandwiches in each others face.ly x all my other mates what a laugh and great day it was ily x
what a sad vekesyen :(
oh no!!! :( did you try calling her?
stuck....i'm not sure what's going on anymore....i just want it to be what it should be, but it isn't. why?! :(
not yet :( think i might have to end up driving there :(
lots of money tho :( i'm currently unemployed since i left japan 3 days ago...
i miss you :(
i bet you're still pretty u.u you have an cute face :( you have the kind of hair i grew up around but didn't have lol
wait i don't want to brake up with u sorry :(
whatever i ate yesterday made me sick today. :(
haha ! blm haha -____- pdhl dh pake obat dr kmaren" -.- blum smbuh say ? :( (cont)
in the train otw home now. exhausted. :(
just woke up...i still have a mean headache :-(
why are you sad? im not surprised whatsoever. so much plastic surgery and heidi still has stupid written all over her :(
lol sad face :( hahaha & i am rolling the gay parade comment. #imsodone
just watched the blind side. such an amazing movie so sad but so good! everyone should see it if you havent already! :-(
tryna get settled because i have to wake up at 5:30 for work but it doesn't seem like it's working.. :(
tryna get settled because i have to wake up at 5:30 for work but it doesn't seem like it's working.. :(
yea i did and youre not following me... :(
i miss brendan still. :( haven't been able to talk to him today even the electronic world. </3
always and i want to stay that way :( everyone go #ff supper cool ground celeb single mom and role model
iya min aku tau kmu jg uda beli :( ayolah kita nabung dr skrg for the next trip (cont)
i had a #twittercrush on but he never tweets nomore :(
my tummy hurts :(
i finally came to realize, i mean nothing to you :(
this if you #didnotgoout are not at #sutra #next or any other social event tonite :( im a loser yes i know..smh
that's the spirit! still, sorry for killing you :(
aww poor jasmyn :( what's the matter gorgeous?
abis makan yg banyak cabe ny langusng mules nii perut... :-(
me neither :( me either. :/ :/ :/ it's friday night and i ain't got nobody.
wonderwall by oasis gets me all :(
ikut2an niy.. :( parah chadlmputih se alay apa tu org kak? sampe (cont)
fuck burnt my thumb :(
wtf can't sleep :( anybody else alive in the northeast lol
"hey hey! why don't you gett a knife, and run into it!" lmaoo ilove this movie // i wannnnna see it ! :(
please follow me pleasee,you never notice me :(
sorry im unfollowing all the boys sorry :(
can i let u know later? count me out first.. cuz i've got lots to do this study break :(
i am going to cry. :( schuyler's last day is on the 9 of this month.
so much to do today, it's my sister's sweeeet 18, so there's not much time for tweeting :( well anyways, i should get up...
