lol i never know when those things are on the portuguese channels.... that's why i have to watch everything online :(
i do think white eggs would have made the colors so much more visible and my organic brown eggs are rather dark too :(
im going to maryland tomorrow for my neck surgery :( ugh hope that hospital has a friggin computer so i wont miss tweets :)
yesterday's podcast recording was destroyed by a non existent god. we will have to rerecord :( (via
its still mega cold. :(
spending the night with mario and papa = super mario bros wii and a papa romano's pizza :( so sad smh lol
yees, is so sad to me :( your welcome, i love your country *-*
lmao! pahahahahaha! ahh, first saturday in ages without the poetry collective :(
tweeters, what you people doinggg ? i need plans come on its friday lol :(
the number doesn't work :( cow!!!
lol...you wouldnt say that if you knew what it was about...you'd probably laugh at me :(
have to be with family in alex for this long weekend :(
i'm *rhymes with corny*. :( ahhhhhh.
eww weres the chat maann. :( x (@jazzmaneonustream live at )
hwehuwehuwe ah que triste :(
bye! tty soon :( love you
my mouuuff hurts :(
thanks fella, it means a lot :(
i can't wait to get my hands on one! but it won't be out here (ireland) for at least a few weeks yet. :(
i'm a taurus and i want leooooo :( #zodiacfacts #taurus most compatible signs: cancer virgo, capricorn, pisces
ouchh!!!!! paper cut :(
i was nearly disowned+sharnie took her love away for a bit :( but the lewis is lovely so i fight on! lol
home alone all day i think :(
i need someone to pay for my hair and nails! clearly my whole check went to my credit card :(
flying back to surabaya today :( gonna miss all my sg friends!!!
my tummy hurts :(
haha i know but its all legal so all the fun goes :( lmao or thats what i found anyway ;p
don't bring down my tweets :(
i missed erhan, kyle and rod :( it was fun havin a chit chat and jokes junk with em
sad i won't be getting my nails & toes done until mon. :-(
aaaaw just found out some bad news from my nigga sister :( free !!!!!
me too :( aim date? (:
i'm all itchy! : (
aww, u still sick? i used to work in a doctor's office and all the preggers couldn't take or do anything when they sick :(
2 drunk white #tricks are fightin outside my house. only in london/ ooh sounds fun :( i'm bored in my living room!
i need you.. come back to brazil soon tom, please :( i love love love love love love love love you x
its one of those home sick days :( this always happen on df (dreamfriday)----me too mane..lol
an original joke it was :) although the reference about future python3 support reminded me about wsgi which makes me sad :(
i stole the undies sorry, i feel so ashamed :( the phone well that i do not have! lmfao
how old is she? aww i miss my babies being lil :(
and now i'm depressed again.. my phone call to did cheer me up for a while. toga! no, its doing nothing now :(
we have neighbours who solved that prob by turning their front lawn into a gravel pit :(
not looking forword to working at all i'm so exhausted :(
ohh how i wishh i was danielle campbell in that moviee :(
sorry ppl for not replying. i slept. :(
but first, back to the dungeons of #diablo2. apparently my assassin is not ready for hell difficulty, need to fix that. :( #blizzard
good it shuld :( tht hurts charlie f ur mothers middle daughter
so i'm watching the final battle, fuck i hated that part when you're a ship and shoot shit... :(
no worries :( i'll let it slide this time rt sorry, got the message a little late... lmao! bring me!!!!
not seen danny in a week :( he got me a easter egg wooo lolz .. ill see him next week :) x
i know your pain :(
i have noooo idea where it is!! :( i lost so many clothes i was looking at pics today and realized it :(
justin isnt following :( and then i think he never read our tweets :'(
forget shahid, forget akshay,forget ranbir = the way u and harman compliment each other, no1 else can! but uve left him :(
not enough to wake me up boo :( i txt u like 3 times
no transmition so far.... :(
cant :( mom wont let me go on a school day.
plzz??? :( wit a cherry on top?
:( *cries*
i cant stop sneezing! :(
ohh wow :) thats cool, i live in england lol. i hate it when your close with people and they live so far away :(
not delicious body :(
i hate it when they kill king kong at the end. so upsetting :(
lol in london for? im only around for a week i got too much work to do :( upto much??
tomorrow is sunday, it will mark the holidays end soon :(
nope :-(
q:you left me again! don talk to me anymore :( a:no i diidnt how i left yuu ..i hit u up on aim ...
well really for my roomie :( i had plans for her heartbroken . «« wtf why?
omg aha init good times, same gemzii3 :( xoxoxo
watching the twins play their 1st game at target field wishing i were there. :(
:(
some parts of birthdays suck, frankly. :-( #fb
apple stores and best buys are gonna be reeeeeeediculous tomorrow. sorry for whoever works tomorrow :/. i'm off but wrk sunday :(
::starving... i want to go off campus but have no way of that :-(
dodgy mo fo phone&%@! keep having 2 re-boot. #dill4got2packcharger laterz :-(
for the past three nights ive gone to bed and like 5 minuets later hops on and does a reply spree.. wow thanks bradie :( </3
too much to do tomorrow :(
i have been in shopping-saturated dubai too long. i read m s as marks spencers. :(
im hungry and i cant go through the drivethru b/c my voice is gone :(
ahahahaha god bless little danny :(
me too :(
zoo trip was cut short due to cranky over-tired kids... :(
is dying my hair brown tonight. :( good-bye red.
the single life..i miss :-(
ohh. okay. that's sad. :( my condolences.
trey songz concert with ma ladies at the gsu sports arena, no alcohol in sight :( i thought college students be over 21
awww, i voted. i loved her :(
lost a follower :( help us make it to 150!
#peopleshould follow me. i only have 37 :(
lol! not right now... i'm tweeting still :( but i'm listening to 90's music xd
no!!! i think im getting drug tested when i get back to the burgh... big bummer :(
tito, please say "hey" to me, i never get any luvin from you :(
ah, not gonna be fun without nick :(
my neck pain is so bad that i cannot turn my head all the way to the left. guess i'll get thru the wkend and go see the dr monday :(
i miss static major. :(
put chat on man i cant speak in this social thing! :( you got one of my fav songs on :(
*head ache* :(
gotta go to deanna's house...:( no computer. im addicted! :( i hope i get followers! i will follow u back!
i've met them twice, but only once :(
you're upset alot... i dont like it :(
my allergies make my head feel huge :(
finally eating. haven't ate all day :(
lol you make me sound like the bad guy :( now get me mah munnehhh ! -cracks whip-
its okay i told you gabe is like a part of my family too and im sorry boo :( im wating for robin to get here
i wana see y did i get married too :(
nope :( or sunday !! x
cannot believe you just put 'hamlet', 'study' and :( in the same tweet! are you doing it for lit? if you are i hate you! ;)
btw when i was at the doctor's office to get a shot, the nurse took my pretty and bright orange bandaid away and trashed it. :(
i have been sober for a week.... i miss not drinking anymore :(
it's official... somethings wrong with my heart! >>> aww :( don't say that
haha bg default tweetphoto warna item, jadi pas upload format png yang interlaced bakalan bocor item kemana mana :(
i think i'm gonna sneek downstairs for some food my stomach is hurting me i'm that hungry! :( my dads sleeping..
wish i could say i was!...unfortunately i am not made out of money like :(
best friend and leah where did yall go?! :( we miss yall already were going to bealls?
i feel like dat evryday since he's gone :( i am missing michael so much today ! *-* aww come back soon please! ;s
my back is hurtiiiiiing . :(
yeah. what's made you so upset earlier? :(
i was watching "the diary of last night, and a stupid fan pushed him and almost broke his arm (poor justin) :( . but hes ok!
awwwwww it's not on the crunchy :( well i hope it comes to it because i don't pirate
boo! he doesn't have it. :(
i wish would unblock me from myspace. :(
nobody has followed or !!!! not cool :( -tay
smh i'm putting myself on a time out, no kick buying til may :( or maybe just the next 2 wks lol
so did i :( but apparently sean got in trouble idk hes not answering my texts but megan said he got in trouble..
i knoooow :(
ok :) how much would it cost to get you to come to my bday party? i want you & ndubz there but ndubz is like £20,000 :( xxxxx
why does this beautiful day have to end in rain? :(
i have work tonight :( what they here for?
i would but i dont have enough follwers :(
