i couldn't find you :( i give up
ugh. work in the morning :(
it sounds funny coming from you. i don't know why though. :(
fell asleep after i got out the shower lol.... i'm really getting old.... :(
you love her, she loves you. i hope your not cheating on my best friend! :(
getting ready for work :( wanna stay inb my bed
ok,sono sono sono sono :( to com vontade de dificultar as coisas,é. yasmin assim você não evolui,reflita gr good night and cup cakes xx
i dont even know too :( huhu
i've nvr been so serious. it's gross :(
it's so hot. :-(
im sad. i wish was happier. :( i tried to cheer her up, but to no avail.
follow saturdaaaay pleasee :(
sabar ya sayaaang it's heavy rain, and it's first time for me to hate rain!!! :(
na caus ei met her twice before but i was just feening for a pic. it came out blury :( but i was still in her armsss <33
happy fuckin b-dayy too a bestiee ily mamas =) sice me & cant b dere we want u 2 have fun 4 us :(
nt forever. lol imma sell my 6pkg they dnt fit no more :(
no :( where? can you give me the link? thanks!
i actually feel lonely with out dad an mom :(
missing the nightlight :( lmfao
whereee are you? :(
so sorry about your daughter. :( have you called her?
hey god , i'm sorry :( would you be my best friend ?
sorry for using the word "tweeps". :(
wants to talk to someone. yet someone is not available. :(
alhamdullilah mba2 salon msh blg rambut gue tebel...pdhl tiap keramas sll rontok :( sial dl yg motong rmbt gue, dammit!!!
fml! rude boy came out! dx i always have to hear itand i dont like it :(
sy juga mau dong hahaha iya :( hahha nasib ini mel obat buat kasih tinggi
omg :( i really love him.
i wish i can go there :(
omg you are so right... other people do read this... :(
i rolled my ankle running out to my car to get to bethany's... ouch... :(
perfect time to ask you to game! only i still haven't found my sc cd :(
had the worst stay at work ever. :(
lol iloveyoutoo& i want mcdonalds :(
goodnight, always waiting for me to answer and never do :( .... i love you </3 ;( xoxo! <3
i'm hungry :-( | and irritated!
wats wrong doll?? yessssssssss awww imy you guys, don't make me cry, seriously... :(
why is it the when u loose the one u thought could be the one it hurts as though they were ripping ur heart out ...... :(
i'm sleepy, get out of here :(
aaaah :(
is there a guy who never seems to age but his young and hot, becuase if there is where can i find this island....i wanna go :(
really just saw jeffree star at the story of the year show here in az. hailp! :(
:-( to the love songs & good job with the trina...she'll make anybody feel like a badd bitch lol
i just kicked matt in the balls...... :( or as he said i balls'd him.... ._.;
damnnn just got a fuckin carpet a burn :(
:( no after dark?!
man its so much leftova liqour im finna get wasted soon as da last guest leave boi boi boi im finna be turnt up damn i cant :-( i might ...
wow haha yea i'm so bored usually i do things on fridays but today wasn't so fun :( that would be so cool if u lived by me haha
just ichatted with the boys in vegass. :( i miss mines!
i wish you followed me :( but you only follow ur fan accounts ! grrr... i look up to youu.
cause you stopped following yours truely :( hehe btw i need clois advice im in a contest and i have to use a certain song...
it snowed some more today, but nothing stuck :(
have no mood for food any more :( :( :(
yupp :( owell it doesnt matter :)
yeah unless it's a 80 year old :-( lol
cannot wait for #defqon2010 australia! i only wish i could afford to fly all the way to holland for the real deal... :-(
am i the only who thought why did i get married 2 was trash?<<say it aint soooooo!!! :(
don't you just hate the holy week? :(
i feel very depressed about this. poor little snail. :(
couple of big web design projects on my table at the moment...just wish i had more time in the day :(
i fuckn love you , i miss you so much :(
i'm not in the mood for anything :(
cake wif me ? :( . my num is 254 ### ####
i wish he would lurk my way ... y'know march was the first month he didn't tweet me, since he found me : (
im not driving but thanx for the concern, lol see u forgot my bday crystal :(
#blossominthedust aw people are going ot bed. :(
miss u hate texting when im on comp :(
sad life. you have to wait for a beautiful day :-( the mrs has come in today. the day has gotten off to a beautiful start
there's something wrong with my left eye :(
no. :( closed on sunday and monday.
headache, stomachache.. i'm a huge ache :(
i can't see him face to face :(
naww bugger :( i'll call you tonight i promise! i tried ringing you before but it wouldnt pick up.
i don't know where my little ryleigh is :( i hope she's in mom and dads room...
lol. so tall! i am like 5"4. :(
ouch! ingrown facial hair : (
not working for me :( back rub # 22 link
:-( sorry you're having a rough time. go spend time with your friends at their place. patrick is sure to brighten your day :)
i'll be ok. let's see if i can qo to bed now! i dnt think so :(
yes really :( i didnt mean to make you cry! you know you're my favorite secret friend! :)
#rip to my mohawk...back to looking "normal" :( :(
ahh that would be horribleee. :( wow ya that is scaryyy. im gunna have like disturbing dreams about that.
follow me please ? :(
oh my gosh i seriously am laughing so hard. poor little kid :(
it looks cool. through the whole thing its just all "wow pretty effects" otherwise its incredibly boring. :(
ahh!! no i'm sorry :( happy birthday my love!!!! :)
why do i dream this kinda stuuffff ? ? :'( who does thatttt omfgggg! cannt sleep! :(
:-( i would call out for that too lol
all my friends have big boobs. but me. :(
i want to but it's expensive :(
er, i still have to wait until may 12 :( it will premiere here ont that day.
a lot of u ladies can use this one :(
i know you see me tweeting you. i just know it. are you deliberately ignoring me? am i not catching a hint? :(
hey amazon. those $9.99 kindle books i was promised? the whole reason i bought a kindle? raise prices and i am going back to dead trees. :(
i wish you followed me :( but you only follow ur fan accounts ! grrr... i look up to youu.
lols sorry i also hate when ppl on my twitterlist retweet the crap that ppl like her say :(
yes i was -extremely- disappointed in boondock saints 2 :(
happy birthday aly! i wish i was there to celebrate with you. :(
w/e i hate him except i don't :( cuz you made me love~ him
thanks! here curled in my bed :(
lmfao wot :( :( :(
you are amazing <3 i love you , hoping you could reply me .. :(
well..lol i'm stuck on this bus!!! :( freezin my azz off...lol
haha *smiles back* i miss my edward in twitter :(
coz i dont like to rest and just stay at home :(
my teeeeeeef they hurt :(
today was such an awesome day.....i had so much fun.....but when i saw you you really just messed it all up :( why do you do that to me?!?!?
hope ur having a good time! i hope you danced liked me...........crazy!!!! =d thanks for leaving me behind! :(
sooo im in love wit he doesnt love me back </3 :( lol<i agree with you «heartbreaker! haha
did you see what happened to make our plans messed up? :-(
12km mark, halfway up southern cross drive. 1st time i started walking. :( :-)
bloody broadband connection keeps dropping out this morning, it's being a real pain! four times in last half hour :(
yes i am a university student! =] and no i don't have one :( hahaha
ipad tomorrow? i would use that!itd be much nicer to stare at that screen than at my phone's.why don't i have a computer? o ya, i'm broke :(
uhm #pause he makin me mad we supposed to make it official tomorrow :( &he w/angela lmfaooo haha (;
awww ... i really want a bottle :(
arghhh. ada pimple growing out! noooooo. sedih lah. :(
yes spokane is that boring and there's nothing to do. i miss la. :(
:( too bad i'm not #freakyfactsays around 30,000 people are having sex or just finished having sex in the u.s right now.
you need km slap that bitch around!!! :( what's wrong w/ the fucker?
smh can't download the songs :(
ughhh i knoww don't remind meee :( i went to the movies thoughh lmaoo. i been slackin oooodee on the party scene lately =/
time flies by so slow. :(
:o ur gona be like that?! :( pshhhh. well what was his reaction to what u told him then lol
lmbo shutup u made me sleepy bye :(
easter bunny hasn't been to my house yet :(
needs to go mustafa centre afta i get my pay, need to get a new watch. my current watch is, spoilt :( yok baby!
ahww i missed the quotes! :( dayum!!
i miss you :(
please tell me you will have a giveaway for that other code you got :(
i miss him :-( >> who u missin??!<<--- ??
oh no, that's terrible. so frustrating :(
love bb but hate sport carnival : (
