awww, it's super sore. :( get well soon, maja!
not in a good mood :(
thevirus isn't goneeeee! nooooooooooooooooooooo! :(
sittin on the couch... ice on my leg... :(
yaa..@raizenstd koq blom diapprove :( sori kmaren abis dremove smua abis revisi kbanyakan tweet di home jd numpuk males..
just joined in on this bisexual lesbian chat room and they are all old dykes. :(
they was aruging so he walked off & got in the car and drove off w/out paying attention and got hit by a truck :(
awww :( it was our least planned event of the week.
headache :( getting stuff ready for tomorrow.
miss'd ma bf he in saskatchewan fo da weekend! :(
(cont.) as i am off to work shortly :(
seriously gonna pass out the min i get home. work early! :(
i cant believe erika stopped me from making a comment. wtf! :( buuutttt.... it was harsh. well played.
retweet if you miss someone right now :(
#freakyfactsays around 30,000 people are having sex or just finished having sex in the u.s right now. => count me out :-(
my headache is killing me :(
very doubtful :(
#imissyou :( i really miss up baby.
:( i was there...once. it really is the worst place to be in. *hugs*
daaaang. now i don't feel so awesome lol :(
i can help you if you'd like :) and when are you going to finally follow me ? :( i might get a job with wet seal <3
nope :( gotta work. have fun tho, i know it's gonna be crazy!
not cooool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1111111111 :( evergays!
yeah well dees came out really pumped, positive and all. but the last few mins they've died :(
i am home resting! i gotta be up early for the funeral :( but you better be careful w| my
sad life. you have to wait for a beautiful day :-( the mrs has come in today. the day has gotten off to a beautiful start
o' my lass tiime was las week mondaii ! :-( ;
:( ducks lose in heartbreak shoot out
teeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee hazme caso por favor!! :(
these drinks are making me want to play with my new toy...*sigh* 3 more weeks :-(
just found out my step uncle in malaysia passed away.. sigh. so many news abt death in my family lately :(
imma little sick today. :( gotta upload crazy tons of photos, edit & develop them, and finish up reading my book today.
anson doesn't remember me :( so sad, he was gone for 2 months. -.- babies have bad memory...
flight delayed. :(
boooo hisssss what??? sleep fail! :( been up for 14 hrs. i suck at sleeping. :(
i found a torrent for all the friends episodes... me want, but it's more than 10gb :(
is over her tweet limit!! :( ha
totally rocking out to some sonic tunes. how sad that the only consistently good thing in sonic is the music :(
thanks to i lost the game too :(
retweet if you miss someone right now :(
‎​◄ jealous :-(
cried with watching #thelastsong :(
sorry. :( i once drank a liter of a mixture of vanilla chai tea and cherry concentrate, so i know how it feels.
oh well everybody tagged me in a picture as a slut, no big deal :(
:(
3 hrs of physics. god have mercy!! :(
waiting 4 the lakers to win so we can watch spartacus! i'm still sad about what happened last week-poor spartty :( i wanted 2 console him 2!
went to a memorial for a friend's mom on wednesday, i just found out that another friend lost her brother in feb & father today : (
no twitter and such for me tonight.... left my computer cord at the ballpark. :(
yeah agreed! now i'm cold :(
i've had that view more times than i can remember :(
alright imma go do some actual work now :(
they was aruging so he walked off & got in the car and drove off w/out paying attention and got hit by a truck :(
rimahannaverani retweet if you miss someone right now :(
yuuumm...
i want a locot....

and i'm bummed too about missing ptv... :(
invite me next time :( i miss ya
are u sure?? so next week is last episode,right?? hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
i miss my old best friends --> sari.i , olist, mbog, zulfa, , :(
#nowpouringwater..rt yawn....dat was dry :) #aye oo! lol bored...........blah .......... :(
work in the am. :(
euuuwwww... :( pengen deh buka tempat makan, namanya --> sate hachiko
i miss him already :( i wish i was seeing him today :(
missing my ex baby father :(
playing fragile dreams and it's scary *shiver* enemies scare me. :(
oh noes!! i luv kittehs!! so a kitten just tried to run under my (speeding) car. stupid kitteh :(
:( twitter is so quiet on holidays.
jacob- i pay 37,000 to go here :( me- damn white privilege!!!
only now i'm getting over my hangover. :(
kylie minogue, it's still so strange to see you on who :(
i tried to dance bachata ! but failed epically :( he doesn't look like jay .
however.. must leave de lah :( so sad.
i love this phone. too bad the keys are so loud when you push a button! :(
babe.. can help me ask your workplace if they have any vacancy hehehe dead broke n bored to the max :(
finally home...eating a salad before i go to bed. i'm unusually tired tonight. :(
i have to go all the way back into the city, to broadway, to pick up my dresses belt. :( i probably won't make it back in time.
you didnt even follow me :( lol lol
that's it, just one hour! :(
my body is in pain and my throat is killing me :(
i'm right there with ya on the "can't fall asleep" subject :(
.@tyarmer this table is nasty anyway. :-(
fuck aliens :(
lonely without you :(
hummmmmm no one dm'd me all day...smh so sad :(
awww dang i cant go on the internet to see that picture :(
just wanna say sorry again layla... those tics went to waste and money went to waste. i'm sorry.hope ur not mad :(
my poor elbow. stupid splash mt. :(
i missed it too :(
cleared out so many bots from my followers, now i have less followers than following :( at least they're actually people though.
missing the boy :( and watching fringe.
everytime i see a bieber name i think jb followed, but its never him :(
lol move time i'm mad :( lmfaooooooo #dead #dead #dead #dead eat malcom x & the b46
headache.... i hate this. i can't ever have a normal night w/o feeling sick :(
retweet if you miss someone right now :(
what it looks like to be in twitter jail for me :(
worst day ever: the day that i found out flynn broke up... and today is that day. :( rip flynn. yall are amazing <3 soooo bummed right now..
i know about rt's. just teasing. still can't get over ala. she's doing what i've always wanted 2 do bit never had chance. :(
#nowplaying homesick by kings of convenience :(
missin the good ole days :(
you will never reply me :-(
i know!!! woo!!! awesome night!!!! just wished we would've hung out :(
thanks i am fine , it´s raining here i dont like so much the rain :-(
ok so #whydidigetmarriedtoo was bangen :( anyways back to studying for this test hmm.... #college later twitter
i wanna turn in my blackberry :(
crap we head to ct 7am..... :-(
the screen on my ipod touch isnt working :( i hope i dont need a new one
retweet if you miss someone right now :(
i know...i was sooo drunk! i'm sorry bredren :(
i can't believe the way bf's treat girls sometimes. it amazes me what dicks they really are..even the good ones ugh :(
it's gonna be so bored. stuck at home! :(
they're playing flashing lights... i miss you :(
wow, i have a lot of shit in this box. :(
haven't eaten, since thursday night. :(
oh gosh here comes this bitch again dancing alone :(
unfortunately home :( but with a nice uneven tan/sunburn:)
& i aint one of em :-( #freakyfactsays around 30,000 people are having sex or just finished having sex in the u.s right now.
no one wants to talk with me :(
soooo looks like i'm stuck in the house 2nite!! #pissed and #sad :-( ughh imma need u to move to the dmv :)
cant sleep too sad :(
seems to have been deserted :(
my back is freakin' killin' me :( !
:( i'm thinking i wish i didn't know who #stereos or were.. than i wouldn't love him so much.. and i wouldn't miss him.. :(
just finished an awesome paper.. too bad its so sad :(
goooddd nighttt. tournament again tomorroww. hope i dont get hit again though :( wish me luck again(: it definately worked today! ahha
lol....i was bout to get u...u caught urself lol...i hardly go out, like to stay home and work, but no inspiration :(
hey! no, sadly :( i've been hiding from you having secret parties! lol! just driving back home. i'm here now yay!
why did it have to start out like that? :(
apa ketawa! g lagi concern tau ngak! orang baik hati lu gini. udah ah! jahat. g yang sakit hati. :(
which pokemon did u get from safari. i can paralize but ho ho just kills before i cam :(
i wrote your name on my pm, my status, my tweets, my books, my heart. but, you never do the same things. :( .
uncle who? and what about me?! i never get anything good. :(
#freakyfactsays around 30,000 people are having sex or just finished having sex in the u.s right now.--im not one of em! :-(
omg that is terrible i have this gut feeling in my stomach now! :(
kay . for seriouse. im going crazy with out you. :(
chatting w qash. miss her,miss kacau-ing her :(
so far... i don't like the in-ear headphones. uncomfortable and they fall out :(
i need to rest. :( 3 hours of rest is no joke. :(
in the end...nde din pla kami kumpleto....sigh. :(
