i am crying :( i will pray pray pray!i hope he makes it.
:( hb next year ;)
honestly, i don't care if aluminium and zinc are insoluble or not when added to sodium hydroxide and aq. ammonia. :(
whole world has now shifted to 3.5g or even 4g but ,we indians even have not got 3g till now ! mtnl/bsnl just lag quality :(
this movie funny as shit :( :(
pengen kamera slr nya doang :( pengen laptop apple-kamera slr-bb onyx yeaah! wkwkwk #thisismydream
:( you left meeeee
always sunny and bed...miss my baby so much, wish i was in ohio to cheer him up : (
they need to be here :(
feeling mad sad/depressed for some reason.. :(
mee fuiiiiiii! :) #off.... extrane tu dm :(
yep. and i'm sick. my tummy don't like me right now :(
fine.. noone wants to help me their goal :( i helped everyone and they get to their goals but noone wants to help me :( urgh:/
he no ansa :-( he prolly high smh
i see you dont call me anymore you dumped me as a friend :(
clash of the titans is totally overrated...not much characters & conflict for an epic...no twist in the story...& the cgi biasa aj... :(
sorry :o i didn't check my replies !! but oh, for the zip file :( it's too big ! damn it ..
no ! my hairs not at its best :( lmao shit looken nappy
my sound doesnt work so i cant hear you :(
ughh rascal decided to bite a hole in my favorite pillow...theres stuffing everywhere! oh well i guess ill clean it up in the morning :(
didnt work :( i have an index.php file at the root, but i need it to redirect to wordpress/index.php
i dont know what shoes to wear. fuck. :(
really. im so jealous of her tbh. shes like majorly pretty. whats not to like about her. and shes met justin bieber :(
go eat!!! :( didn't eat anything all day.
home alone<---- me too :(
i flipping love you. <3 but why hasn't wished me a happy birthday yet? :( i don't want a bark. i want a hug. <3
wow not monkeys so hungry i could eat anything right now...like a lion or sumthin, or a fuckin monkey...anything :( fml
didn't really like why did i get married too. :(
rt: i love my boyf, but sometime i feel guilty, like i'm cheating on him just by letting you hug me. :(
pengen kamere slr nya doang :( pengen laptop apple-kamera slr-bb onyx yeaah! wkwkwk #thisismydream
:( i just want to harm you sometimes!
i miss her :(
working on it now :( deadline is next monday. this weekend such a worst weekend ever! goshhhhh
i'm sorry to hear about your loss. :(
nyekil wae sia.cukup tau aja woless bray.. kyknya mlm ini korbannya jstru saya.. :( ada tips baru g, mastah??
not having a good night :( i feel sad and idk why... maybe it's because i'm listening to doesn't mean anything by alicia keys.
i had no idea about doctors not treating fms patients. :(
i don't appreciate how slaveway be working my big lil sis >:-/... ǥ grrrr feel me tho :( .
i'm giving up tonight jasmine wont follow :( tomorrows a new day though(: she's probably not noticing my tweets....
thanks for bragging. :(
not as much #urbanfarming in #modesto . we can have 3 hens, but no roosters :(
you ran out and left me hangin for whisky friday :(
i hate slow and crowded busessss!!!! :( and it looks like its gonna rainnnn:(
i think i may be ready to go home. :-(
can you please follow? i think you're amazingly talented! please! :(
u ignore my tweets why ???? :( i been tweeting for u to follow me plzzz here and plzzz
wish my liddo german boo was here :( waaaa come back to fl
#blossominthedust is slowin down. :(
ahhhh i have no willpowerrrrrrr! damm those chocolate egggs :( lol
eee! anthony is awesome!!! ...but we already knew that, right? <3 sorry i didn't get to talk to you tonight :(
why?:( ga :(
come see me tomorrow morning 11:15. if the rib is out, it can be really tough to go in on its own, sorry :(
if followed me i would scream at 1:30 in the morning! but she never sees my tweets, so i doubt she'll follow me :(
hey someone hackked my account ): and i know who it is and there getting on my last nerve. :( ask me...
thanks my team better win, or im going to be very upset :(
offline :( brb..
i miss that too! :( man, we had such good times.../:
trying to get comfy and nap in a hospital is a #nogo :(
meh, i just don't understand myself sometimes. i just keep getting random spurts of depression. :-(
restricted :(
ii thinkk my monkaa brokee upp w. me today :-(
missed you a lot :(
