can't believe i just did that. :( && i'm hating myself for memorizing it at a glance. w-;; && repeating it to myself. dammit! dx
go partyy... hit the clubs! bored at home like looser :(
doing laundry i took like a 3 hour nap :(
ape luuuuu huhurt yak elahh, haha kenapa harus lewat depan fx? i hate that place :( gue benci fx
now singing: the climb. awww :( my favorite song. still waiting for my dreams to come lol.
we talked about old times, and it made me smile because you didn't forget. #omgthatssotrue fucken true :(
plzzzz follow me plzz plz and what do i hav to do so u can follow me :(
to ficando com sonoooooo, droga :(
so long have to wait :-(
to com fooome :(
:( do you need a hug?
ii heeard it aint wuut it usedd too beeh ! buut i helluh wanna visit ! buut errbodiee moved :( thaat i kneww
i wish you would notice me :( <3
fickin moths... :(
hey & thanks so much for coming on thurs! so sorry we had to close so fast :(
its 1:37am here. i am off to bed. raincheck? sorry :( i am just so tired. but wanted to say hi and stuff :)
great, sunny day in the park to dead battery riding in a tow truck and its my fault for rushing :-( oy!!!!
i'm very disappointed in myself.....ugh.....jon......sigh... :(
facebook is just so borring. :(
i've been waiting for my mom to go to sleep. sorry :(
cabo ja :( (@juaooo live on
due to an exploding diaper/poop situation that i'm sure you don't want to hear about..i'm having to wait for my sheets to dry. :(
i'm so sad now, the pic of episode 1.19 could not make me happy yet ... omg let's hope ian be sacrificed again by producers :(
:( i juss got on the phone. and ur ass was supposed to call me hours ago.
maunya tau twwa ine faldi, hahaart whoos thaat ?rt aaaah stop ko kasih jealouskaaaaa!! :(
this day is about to end na, then tom... then monday reality again!!! huhuhu :(
eu nao achei facil ta :( aiushiuahsiuhasu
i am impaient u know that.. im not even graduated :(
:( im so jealous of your chris pics :( i wish he would come to australia!
grrr lost to followersss :( ..ill have to find who they rrr so i can unfollow them .gud thing i worte down evry name i follow and who f me
wish i could lay with you :(
frnz if u get dis link 4m me as a tweet,plz ignore.i wonder how com w/o me tweeting..its being tweeted by me? :(
i don't know how i managed to avoid it this year, but typically every january-march is a living nightmare for me. i feel ya :(
:\ just tired. going back home sometime tomorrow. work sunday :( just keeps getting better and better!
still sick :( hope i feel better in the am. gotta fun couple of days ahead and i dont wanna miss my babies egg hunt <3
had an awesome surf today....except when i hurt my leg :(
aaa envy :( 'indonesia they get crazy, jakarta they get crazy, tennis indoor they get crazy'.. aaaa really can't wait pitbull
why aren't you here to watch garden state with me? it's never the same without you :(
eff my effin life!! plan b was a no go. this is stupid :(
promo for back up plan makes me miss my boofriend :(
can you please tweet my youtube and help my dreams come true? :( youtube.com/itsedenn <3 pleasee?
lmfao got made fun of hardcore tonight for wearing the shirt that i'm wearing :( lmfao
i neeeeeeeeeeeeeed help

:(
sometimes being a libra is bad for my health. so indecisive & not my fault|| agreed :(
so i did it :( didn't want too but i prestiged in mwii :( fuuuuck
why u don't be on gtalk nomore :-(
these 3 books were just not available on kindle full stop :(
awww so cute ... i want my dog :(
i really wish would notice me , she replys too all these other people but never me :(
twitterfonrt kdg ak bnci make twitbird, bnci make echofon, aplg twitlattor. tp trpksa make twitbird la, lbh ok dr smua ny :(
long hard day at disney. super lonely drive home :( was so hard to stay awake. oh and maybe getting a ferret in june!
nonononono think i lost my camera last night at lap, not the lpc :( #sob
rtrtrtrtrtrtrtrt cheez me up please..... :(
i wanna visit pr again , i miss it :( lol
yeaaa!! i heard you cant bring cameras tho.. :(
has to brave sunlight to work.. :( onli if i had a car, i wudnt hav to walk this far to work.. :(((((
yep. i think they are friends again now. but it sounds like they've had a bumpy road. stardom was just out of reach. :(
i want oliver james. :(
i dont think will notice me :( prove me wrong ?
#notetoself no more mexican food!! my poor tummy :(
ugh, here come the water falls :( just wanna sleep :(
can you please tweet my youtube and help my dreams come true? :( youtube.com/itsedenn <3 please jasmine!!
awww the lo doii aki va? zkee dice algo de error message :(
lyindsy chose a weirdo guy who waddles
pattie didnt want her to pick him
and bryan chose a model. she got drunk on the date
woo
:(
luv show
because casa caballero is very far away in soledad. :(
tarde demais! :(
ok. instead of trying to go blonder and ultimately frying my hair...i've decided 2 go back 2 my natural red tonight. ugh! so long blond. :(
my ear really hurts :(
yeah dude! is awesome! if only he would follow me :( *cries* *sobs* *tears* *moans*
i wish :(
my #pens hoodie came today :) sort of on the massive side though and its a medium. don't they make any pens stuff in a size xs? :(
awhh , this sonq brinqs baq millions of memory'sx . bhu it also brinqs back me && him :( awhhh . mha tummyyy .
all i want is youuuuuuuuuuuuuu! but youre gone :(
dear john. how to train your dragon. new york i love you. the lovely bones. hachiko. frozen. remember me. banyak yg pengen ditonton :(
driving to sydney i saw a baseball feild and it was storming but unforeuntly no sign of the cullens :( lol
man, i forced myself to stay up for nothing..besides her stupid haircut. i always miss out! :( *pouting*
"i love the situation" :( lmfaoooo
i know that notices fans. but she will never see my tweets :(
this movie is intense. i don't know about this marriage stuff :(
gara garanya? putus meu :( knp?
yaallah pusing :(
s*kdsjo!! twitter don't let me put my #jonasbrothers bg :(
oh yeah. agree :) day was ok. got to sleep nearing 1am again :(
wakawkawk tace care !  off . will pick up my mom :(
i find this video very strange, even a bit disturbing. maybe it's just me. :-( ♪ (@hirokotabuchi)
i hate this i hate this i hate this :(
my face is breaking out ! :(
working with alan is such a drag! :(
i miss you :(
hmmmmmm can't bel u didn't call me back :(
nothing like sleeping on a concrete floor. :(
the best thing today, the olive garden! too bad we didn't get to see #thechad. :( but the waitress was nice.
my dad doesn't answer my phone calls anymore. where is he :(
i'm sleepy, get me out of here :(
ahhhhhhhh vacations almost over :(
don't know what to do :(
how to convince myself that i wanna be in pdx so i don't feel depressed when i return in a few days? :(
awwww man i wanna c it so bad but it aint playin up near my skool dat shit n da way :(
you didn't take me :( i promise not to order the creepiest thing on the menu!
awwww :( well this
probably means you'll get summer vacation before i do, so be happy about that! :)
crap, getting too late. not gonna make it over to district. :( hope it's a great birthday!
ordered 2 bargains meals at kfc. finished three pieces of chicken, still got coleslaw and whipped cream :(
wish i could go, but gotta work :( but i make sure i make it to mens ny pro
couldn't help but have a cry when i got home. steven woulda loved that stupid movie. i love u so much miss u! :(
i have rarely been online for the past 3 weeks, computer is dead and lost my iphone :( but will go have a look now!
hahaha, those are really random names. but they're cute :) except its confirmed.. im not getting my kitten :( hahaha
titans: disappointed the mechanical owl only had a cameo. :(
id freeeze my ass 0ff :(
my mouth tastes like grass and no amount of toothpaste will make it go away :(
:( that makes me sad... me, not so much. very content right now...
i always fall for the wrong people. :( i wish all guys were like
ikr!!!!! i was so sad...like?! :(
worst stomach ache ever! it's woken me up twice already. :(
to damn late now! u way past 8,000 tweets :( idk what to say tell me ill say it
those lakers own my jazz! i have accepted this fact :(
:-( pray from my friend corys swift recovery. shes in the hospital had appendicitis.
i guess doesn't want to follow me back :(
very good point :(
it's was good except for when i rolled or sprained my left ankle while playing tennis. it hurted like bitch :(
should i go out. the sky is so dark :(
awwh :( her mom died & they cremated her
saya butuh hiburaaaan pleaseeee :(
lmao ! she is not a bitch cat, but i think her and cocoa have something going on. the day she left my house, hes been weird! :(
pretty sure im losin...if not alreadii lost...a friend that i just got...how awesome am i? :(
now origami sand dollar? -->rt oh shit. i accidently sat on my origami snail as i was setting it up for a picture. :(
i know :(
typing, playing piano when i was younger, writing, etc :(
it's 6:39am. i've been up for hours now.. pumba was cuddling me most of the night. i just want my sim so i can ring jam <3 :( x
crap. it is going to rain soon... :(
haha. thats why. i'll escape jail every two weeks. and tomorrow i have to return there :(
bebe :(
somehow getting only money for easter takes the magic out of the whole occation :( i have to mooch of my friends easter joy hahaha
my gaash. nothin but jello n ice chips this long weekend. mawrr :(
:( too bad i'm not #freakyfactsays around 30,000 people are having sex or just (cont)
i feel like dying every working day. dreaded. :(
uhhhh! i've been nexting people for an hour and still can't find you guys :( sad day. you guys still on?
y am i not wit yall<---did yu or did yu not speak about hooters!!! :(
oh my god tweeted to omonatheydidnt by accident sorry :(
aaargh. why must that conflict w fotl? looks really interesting!! :(
ya ampunn..km ditinggal kmn emang? sbr ya pii.. i'm start missing you.. and i hate it :(
i shoulda went to suzie wongs w/ & co. :(
you know what it is? it's cause you're not seeing me xp nah seriously though why? :(
i don't think i can :( stay in one place. your name isnt carmen san diego and im no...
dropped pass, please don't let the flag be on the shock :(
too late a retreat :( hoping tht all patients decide to stay home so i'll get time to doodle that imaginary bathroom cabinets & laundry room
q:itu background nya ngg ngerti :( a:sengaja nda garis2 gitu biar simple aja
