allouw. sudah. belum makan siang makanya puyeng :( so makan?
so i wake up & my whole family says i look real sick and my face is swollen...what wrong with me :(
sem sono :( #nowplaying the killers- this is your life
sitting here being bored waiting for mike schoota to arrive at 1030 to buy fomr fw1... im tired. and my weekend is empty now :(
noo!! my computer freaked out and totally lost everything!!! now i need to start over on my script for script frenzy. :(
#freakyfactsays around 30,000 people are having sex or just finished having sex in the u.s right now. sadly not one of them : (
listening to "you are the only place". it describes my state of mind :(
this pollen is making me sick! :(
t mac only had 3 pts...poor guy :-(
:( i missed it....
crap tomorrows the saturday before easter, isn't it? but what about remus? :( i feel like such a strange child! :(
retweet if you miss someone right now :(
yup i don't like them > :( 4real.
can't txt no one bac or nothin huh : ( u hurt my feelings
am all sad couldnt listen am at work :( love ya. xxx
ohh :( ..i think i tipped maggies so im kinda hoping they win but i'd be happy with dees winning.. is davey playin? :-d
what i do :-( definately not talkin tu :-/ !
the docter diagnosed me with cancer today...im gonna die :-( pray for me......gotchaaa april fools haha
:( that is sooo sad. i cant believe thaat.
omg so mean.. smh :(
this is my laptop, use it for gaming, graphics, movies and everything, awesome machine, got mine from pc world :( #mhi
cartoomn they have :( r they happy or sad ? they r 5 not mental !
i know. :( i would be at icon for you but nobody could come get me tomo & i go stuff to do early.
me wants an ipad :-( the review videos and ipad applications r so droolworthy...
everytime i watch nick jonas talking about his diabetes i cry. :(
fuck you....and dnt have 2 come :-(
yahh unnie kuliah? :( i wanted to designed and give the present together with you unnieee
okay, scratch what i said before. i didn't deserve that cheese dog. the article was bloody useless! :(
you went to the club without me again ?? :(
:( i miss my neices n nephew ..ima call em tomorrow
i really wanted to talk to darryl today, but life isn't burger king and you can't always have it your way :(
yeah it's rite :( you can let go now, daddy, you can let go, your little girl now is ready to do this all
one of the best weekends ever. missing my friends tonight :(
kacie, this doesn't look so inviting :(
that sux
:(
i know... :( we're making up for it soon, though!!
wish i was in that number... :(
is it really hilly? <not really ...gentle grades gentle downhills... < sounds good : ) not like here 20% inclines : (
:( when i get a chance to go on twitter on my ipod ur off! :'( i miss u so much.
just yelled at a customer :( he was a prick. but i still feel bad now.
me too : (
#freakyfactsays around 30,000 people are having sex or just finished having sex in the u.s right now. < i'm not included :(
what a non sensical mindset you poor soul have. absolutely, teray sath baat kerna jesay bhains ke agay been bajana. not cool :(
sittin on the couch... ice on my leg... :( <-- wats wrng ?
they scare me so bad :(
no surprise, i lost the lighter i got today, it was a pretty blue one too :(
i'm good just really tired as up early, you? its good i didn't get the part in n-dubz video tho :( xx
man take life serious yo cuz u never know when its ur turn.man im out twitter :( ttyl
easter is this sunday and hes not here :(
eee. why :(
it's still boring as hell.. help :(
dates n days are just flying.... its really scary to know date .... how can i stop it... 6 days to go. just 6 days days :(
:-( u sure? ill call u tomorrow if u want me 2 :-)
i give up, try hard but do not succeed , you are too busy to follow me :( at least i tried !!
i know i know. :-( my money is hilarious right now.
poor savannah. she's missing out on so much.... :(
im gonna have to listen again to hear him say wet....my internet was acting up :(
got it....well damn...lord knows imiss my baby :-(
aw that was actually really sad.by wisconsin boys :(
feeling out of sorts without my morning #chai. :-( have to stay off milk n meat products for a week on doctor's advice.
nope. he makes me want to hurl. i look horrible in the picture, haha. :(
:(
i wish! too far for me to travel to. :(
what happened to the period basics sale ? already over ? :( i gotta wait it out again ?
nope. . :(
sampe siang ini cuma ada 2 sms dia. yeps.. no mood to text him today :( sorry
how sad. :(
lol oooh okay. im like aw she dnt love me :( lol
been laying here an hour nd still can sleep nd its gettin light outside so i dout i ever will :( :( :(
hahaha, yes i dooo! she's dumb and doesn't like justin. :( she's missin' out, huh? hahah.
banget sini gw temenin hahahahaha (serem ya gw) timeline sepi :( exit
lmaoooo o.d thats not nice! u really goin to do tht? :(
hahahahahahahahha ugh. so i'm in the car and some homeless screamed my way saying dieee. :( i need to go to church lol.
you monster. how dare you get me all a flutter! okay, my googling was premature. it's not in la :(
kal penn is going back to acting, does that mean kutner died for nothing? :(
where's all my viewers ? :(
cut it ? lmmaao jk idk :(
lol... :( i sorry...mommy had me out wit her all day n than i went out wit sum friends n forgot :( luv u though
wish i was with right now :(
im sooo sorry but lately idk why but i can make almost everyword dirty sorry to all of you really :(
it sucks when adam works nights and cant use his phone :( guess im gonna have to get use it....car wash tmw goodnight everyone
can u send me the link cant find it in ur tweets :(
i wanted three, but we couldn't make it work :( we're still trying
kud u pleaz get on tonight we mis u :(
awwww sorry!!! u have been sick too long!!! :(
i have to clean my room. i have no one to call :( i hate people on holidays
pusingbgt,mual :(
not really good now. :( yourself?
oooo i think that procession in cypress was for fallen marine from the oc his body came home today :(
man i always seem to burn myself alittle when i do my hair!!! :( time for cocoa butter
.. good for uuu, get that money money money hehe.. i'm stil sick nih balik2 dr umroh tepar huhuhu :(
clash of the titans was somewhat disappointing :( ...liam neeson and ralph fiennes were awesome though!
she didnt :( tht was typo ....im abt t go to bed
#dontyouhatewhen you pick up yo drink wantn a drink jus to notice that its empty ! :(
in the movies. about to watch "the last song" with my lil sisters. gna miss them wen they go home :(
y not? i'm tight couldn't get in :-( visions = a situation! just ask around
he delivered: jaime escalante's former students talk to columnist sandy banks rip :(
ooh i'm srry bout that :( i wass tryin too stay up
hot. as hell :( i'm temp hot...who turned the heat on? it's abt 70 in tnnessee!
me too #slick sad man i miss yall already three!!! i'm sad too!! :(
i got a gallon of vodka and no where to go :(
q:ask dong b3t3 :( a:ih alay pake 3 hahahaha
buu, no puedo entrar a grooveshark, me salió el panda :(
i will try on computer tomorrow :( it keeps putting the same thing!
helloooo me too! its 6am, but im just in the house... not on my way to paris :( lol
wrkn bartendn at a spot thts not for straight men....srry :(
yea right that's wut evry1 tells me i've learnt by listening :( i need to learn enough phrases for convo
hey! thanks for th #ff. i totally suck! i completely forgot! :(
trying to stay awake by watching ghost adventures. not sure it will work, it's not very scary :(
haterrr ! i'm jealous !!! u talk to ky too much hmph ! :(
we're anything but ordinary.:)<3 ill always love you, im tearing up twin. <3 :(
boo i don't think is tweeting tonight :-( i'm getting sleepy most likely not! would love that though.
to earth..rt down.. :(
nobody wants to co-own a twitter page with me? :(
someone come rub my tummy :(
we didn't have any, that's why i told you bring them! now my friday is alcohol-free :( shame on you!
lol okk siss. &whyy? did yu take some
medds? ohk babysis i'm dun going in .. i thn got a headache! :(
it's so cold. :(
i would like to know that to. i want a dm from him so bad :(
own all 3 movies. not sure 4 will be great (know nothing about it...didn't know they'd been working on one), each < previous :(
i can not stop crying :(
you guys went to disney world and didn't call me!? :( lmfao
u treat ur mom so well! i wish i could afford to do that for my mom :(
wish it was always this popn in the bern but it's a fluke :-(
eak i just killed a big spider. i can't sleep now :( what if there's more somewhere...
up again for work <sighs> see you guys in 14hs if i'm still able to stay awake after work :(
