all i want is to be wit someone that wants to be wit me as much ah i want to be wit him :(
~jessy~
really tired.... :(
i started watching on ch 131but keep getting distracted by the boys, they have a friend over. i might have to wait till later : (
hahahahahahahaha forreal i don't know exactly where! :( i gotta ask my tante hahahaha
these cramps wont stop! :-(
ohh cody i will miss you too! :(
i think i sprained my wrist :(
se muriooo? :( :o chrissssssssss!!
lmao hahahaha texas needs a twitter lmao i no every body left tho. :(
watcha say ???? :(
i don't want to be 15. i don't want to be older :(
i started again lol :(
aw! ya'll shouldve told me! i wouldve went with yall ! :/ suzie wong<-----sorry booo :-(
just figured my yard sale route & was printing :(
i sure wish i was at home in the bed with my mommy! i miss her :(
exactly my point since u don't wanna talk bye then :( <3
watching juno... wat her father said.. was like... so true && i just think of u.. uhmm how come u are so far away frm me? :(
yup valid for today n toms. but papa nk pg esok dgn kwn dia :( thats why dia suh aku dtg today. heh
awwww :( that sucks!
*tutup mulut* amitamit ! huss sesumbar lo ki :( sepertinya ntar lagi gue akan nyusul
argh, will be too busy with biz stuff to play the game... :-(
done makin' it bt its lame + i can't it into my brain. :(
im not gona see the tall noodle fo i leave? : ( how sad
yeah :( oh! and did you follow yet? haha
q: :( that is sad. well whats your idea of a perfe... a: dinner and a movie :]:
lol i talked to her :) and she actually followed me but u didnt :(
i am sooooo bored. i shld go home n go 2 sleep! :(
what ab me? :(
moriiiiiii si charlie es lo q valee ahi :(
pleaasee? :(
well it is not my phone that twitter is weird on, tried it on my son's phone and weird there too. must be twitter :(
forcing my self to be better!ha reading a chapter of the bible in the splits!ahh it kills! :(
12:40 am wide awake my whole body hurts a puppy and cuz in bed with me and it's a million degrees in my room....what a night :(
nope.. just you.. =p--aww man :(
sabar yah ikut yuk shieeen aaa envy :( 'indonesia they get crazy, jakarta they get (cont)
i'm mad at u ! u left early i wntd to see u b4 u left 52nd ! :( « where u
damn dodgers !! : ( saturday what time ?
no but one of her former managers shot herself today... :(
where's my jackk! rose misses hiim :( « heeey cheer up :)*
aww :( that sucks.
who cried during the last song? :(
saddd :( veryy saddd :( | wow showsz me who really caresz :((
i envy everyone that's going to rutgers tomorrow :(
ich will rotes haar. :(
emang ga nonton ny ? aaa envy :( 'indonesia they get crazy, jakarta they get crazy, (cont)
omg y the fuck r u bein so mean to me ! :( all i've done today was make ur ass happy & u don't even care ! smh
join the club! and i've run out of chocolate. :-(
i cant belive that i miss you so much :(
offf poffff afraa tafraaa :(
16.6 mb's of memory left on the iphone :(
awwwww sorry goob i feel bad for making you feel bad now :(
:( <<<---that is what i am #indeed
argh 3mins to go and collingwood got a goal... dammit... 1 pt diff :(
dammmnnnnnnn raleigh live at capacity :( « awww man#ughh i know hit me when u get out tho fa real
i miss him... :( it is what it is....
never see my tweets :( so sad ! i all i want is justin follow me , and he don't see nothing i tweet to him :(
be tough girl.. jgn terlalu dipikirin.. it's just in ur mind! i think the monster is back :(
i need helpppp mooore than youuu :(
what's that?? laaa i wana get mac 13", prob is they don't have in stock one with arabic keyboard. so i'm waiting forever :(
can you follow me? :(
pleaseee notice me. i wish i looked atleast half as pretty as you :( lol.
:( i feel bad for worrying you.
follow the cards gets you a four-pack, but do i really wanna b buff again? cuz i can't even bench my own weight anymore :(
hates this feeling. and can't keep pretending anymore. :(
yay cuz i miss my honeybee :(
but ur not here and it's a looooong story :(
i have to go(mom) :( but i love u all <3 is the best!!! love u all hope u have a great day/night/middle of day <3
:( is she still obsessed with taylor and all those other sluts?
awwww :( i'm sorry you're sad! boyish hair can be really cute though! it'll grow back! :)
but not available in india! :( what's the point of youtube advertising it!
weee i have to wake up in like 5 hours! dnw to go for this bloodwork :( can we all pray there's no tumor on my kidney? :'(
get well soon sis :( long weekend.laziness.hungry.bad cough.fever.flu.
i feel u! i juss got home from work :(
violence hits home: some clown just shot and killed my neighbor. the kid was only 16 years old. smmfh. :(
will never follow me....or even tweet to me :(
can u help me get her to follow me :(
have a 15cm sandwich n sunkist juice for lunch at borromeus... hiksss eeg nya ngantriiiii :(
never heard of it...sooo sick :-(
i miss youuuu bunnay :(
dang im stating to really worry about my grandpa :(
yep! well mine wasn't colorful :) wanna see? i'm the last one dong to have it :( (cont)
sadly, no one on here :( just a couple of people from work but they just text.
#neverhaveiever sex my bestfriend :( i need too tho lmao
i wish i was in the co right about now :(
i thought i was gonna sleep good today finally but i guess not! :(
repair phone de person coming soon. :(
i miss my munchkin its been soooo long since i seen her :-(
just called me a vagina crumb. :(
i'm working :( i can't for at least another half hour.
rite! but i doubt it. not wit niq and nyla around even afta all da otha babies leave :(
sweet dreams?:$ asi?:$ i really. try :( loviu<3
i need 10 more for 300 :(
the one you hate the most; is the one you truly miss :(
ash said i have a loud throat :( but this tea is soooo good :)
i'm not as cool as i thought i was. i own hardly any black clothes :(
i just got home from work and i'm home alone! :(
why? :(
took out my lip piercing for work, & it closed. fml.. my "how-hot-was-the-kiss-o-meter" has been altered. :(
i would but theyre both good socks, meaning not having holes in them ahah. most of my socks are worn through anymore :(
fuxking miss you bestiee!!!!!! :(
figures i wake up & youre gone :(
i love easter weekend but it pisses me off a tad cz shops ain't open :(
creoo :/ :( se muriooo? :( :o chrissssssssss!!
mi wan cry jah know pwahahah damnn :( mi feel srry fi yuh
yuuucccckkkkkk this sangria taste like beer :(
he left... :( ahh, sadness! sleep soon, maybe? work tomorrow at 4! gah!
cuz i got work in the morning =( wats ur excuse lol -im so broke! i can't even pay attention :(
yuppp :( n you?
omg my mouse just died now im even moa sad y z evertng bad happng 2 me :( love love xx 2 u bell love ya
my parents just grounded me from "the girls" for a month :(
ate a lot today. =)) :(
udh tau dia temennya onky! emang ga nonton ny ? aaa envy :( 'indonesia (cont)
no. :( i got that top from cotton on! not very nice sial.
heard there is a v loooooooon song !!! :(
doesnt see my tweets :(
blehh. i feel like a penny in a jar of quarters :(
standing, outside the club, waiting for if this doesn't happen, and i'm thinking it won't, i have to walk back to 3rd st. alone. :(
i dont know why they r followin me.. :(
it's reaching the part where it's neither short nor long. it's reaching the ugly part. :(
i allready seen them , on the earlier marathon :(
wow! even i haven't done that long before. but have forgotten to take photos on a birthday once! :(
dang,@justinbieber's diary is on tonight and im going outt boo hoo :( lucky for the recording button whooot whoott :)
why am i losing followerss :( lmao
someone pls tell me some alternatives i can use as case studies i k alr :(
but my cousin won't allow me to drink anymore cuz he told me i gotta drive home :( lol
gua pengen kita jadi kakak adek kayak dulu, please !! i want to be your sister :(
lol damn that suxks after shutter island i am not tipsy anymore!! :( that movie drained the life outta me. end was pretty cool th
aw i'm sad for lunu :( don't cry lunu tuna casserole helps a little doesn't it?
......yeah... #sigh.. it's a bologna sandwich :( ... lol
i just watched the most recent ru paul and i almost cried when sashaed away :( she was my favorite
my birthday is around the corner. wow, 19, i'm old as fuck... :(
whyyyyy haven't i received that phone call yet :(
so whaddya like? terasi? no no no .. i hate it ... :(
i'm sleepy...and i have to slp w/out 2nite :( nite nite world!
rocking number eight next year for my baby belen who might be leaving to north carolina :/ which saddens me! idk what im gonna do w/o her :(
really? i'm going to check it out. i need to see if they have a larger prepared bar. not many vegan goodies galleria. :( thanks!
where is mah phone call fool! damn you flies, in my drink, up my nose, on my food, you suck. :(
i'm so so tired... went swimming :) so that was fun! i want to go to bed but can't :(
nobody loves me :(
ter poucos followers no twitter :( [por:@weheartdisneyfv]
