omb! imma miss you guys soo much! :(
its the wind i hate most :(
grays anatomy is back in the uk on the 16th of april ! it's been to long, mcdreamy has been off five for 3 years :(
be back later!!! :( time is killing me! :s
thank you for all the #ff my phone is acting up and i cant use twitter :(
ow goddamn it! my head hurts so bad. :(
well thats creeo finished nowww :( (n)
blocked nose, you have no idea how youll make my night like hell.. :(
earlier and dont really know who to talk to. its so sad :(
yoo homes jersey is boring tonight :(
uhuu :(
i'm paying too much taxes, i'm gonna puke. :(
haha. i haven't read any saula fanfics in a long time. :(
will def write a review :) sorry u missed lunch! :( we went out 4 chef's b-day...
took some pictures :) but my stupid phone won't send them :( maybe later?
it is really sad, kids are so cruel to each other these days. :-(
unlimited drinking starts in an hour. wish i could afford to go :(
i want a piece of cake w rainbow chip frosting and a big glass of milk! :( but ivy= anti-carbs. double :(
yep i'm still here :( lol.
gotta headache :(
i would if i could :(
3 new stations in the log tonight, but no new states :( #hamr
off to camping! i love the great out doors... gonna paddle boat. i wish my budd was here. :(
aww i'm sorry :(
word i'm like y ppl old facts i tried to click on the page #fail #dead #blocked :(
hungry ... :( wanna make me some food?
i quit when i was trying to have a baby and while pregnant...other than that, it's been 30+ years :(
woahh ahahh i want starbucks!!! :(
:o i just wanted you to be sparkly like me. d: i thought you'd like it. i is sorry. :(
i'm missing my music....i don't even have time to listen....i really miss my music... :(
#blackppl always wanna get paid but dont wanna work.....meee :(
going to work soon. :( shagg.
i hope it won't be lame like random clips from tours or something... lol idk. videos like that are lame to me :(
the other day i was in my room and i heard my mom saying was on idol soo i rann when i wass runni i fall andd hurt my leg :(
ugh you too? we had it for eight, and i have to get a final project done for a class :(
yay tell me if you find some ^.^ :) and i don't know that much scottish people either o___o :(
i'm happy corey got a job but i hate the fact i won't be able to hang out with him as much anymore :( work sucks, i know. 
woke up from a nap. now i have the biggest headache : (
i'm so excited for you!!! my heart is getting all fluttery & such. if you're anything like me, you'll cry when its over :( lol
nnnoooo not over the long weekend looser :( (via it's jens bday tonight so i will hav to man up. so sick tho
my personal hell? the other 250 that did get in :(
meh lol im not doin anything :( i am going to brissy though :)
yo i'm still in this car :/ ( i gottah stretch ) :(
tito i'm really bad you are ignoring me :(
i'm cold :(
ohh thats annoying :( i think everybody's too busy following jordan on formspring to pay attention to posers anyway :)
i wanna unblock him.. but i won't speak to him so it's pointless /: urgh :(
:( (#souljaboytellem live at )
i may be in miami :( but if not then definitely looks like may 1st
been in traffic since 4 :(
went 2 my mommys 2day went shopping,did errands took mikella 2 a dance class not shur she's quite ready just yet. its so cold out 2nite :(
holy god, that was some scary shit :( sleeping with my sis 2nyt :(
ugh have to work the bank holiday monday. no free time for gary! :(
no, not losing weight drastically, i jes didnt know if its normal.i puked mostly junkfood. chips n such.cravings for bad food :(
hey everyonee! i feel so bad :( inyections! puaj! but anyways! advices :)?
i burned myy tonquee from drinkinqq tea :(
it's supposed to be impossible to sneeze with your eyes open :(
that link doesn't work :(
:( why not?
mistakes are better than do nothing why i always make a lot of mistakes? god, please help me to solve all of this :(
but still feel dissapoint :(
:( so what are you up to now?
im sorry :( i hope your day gets better and tara loves you :)
oh no all my rts vanished, :( now i can`t brag that responded to me. tragic.
