i need you :(
i do :( :( #sad
that does suck! :( i'd be upset!
she made me get my grandpas hope up for nothin.. :( not cool all.. 90% of cancer and can't even get a visit...
i finished my last bottle of hugo boss femme and had to start using my davidoff again :(
:( *kisses you*
i wonder if she can get me 7 more followers! like asap! before this liquor wear off! :(
this rain ain't good though :(
sadly my magic got smashed by the spurs. their tactic hack big dwight. that's not bball guys. play the game how it should be played :(
:(
last night with lia :(
please don't always freak out like this chad... :(
would love to be living a fairytale :(
i hate that you're taken ! :( you are one beautiful man ! and you are a great actor! your fiance is a lucky girl..whew!
looks like i need to take a course in printing offset, screen and digital...my head's going in circles...which 1 is used where and when :(
no fair that was my first time :(
:(
6 hours! :) ugh, i should be sleeping :(
not with him! :( poo. but i did see him.
battery's life is coming to an end. would the charger please walk towards the sofa tt i'm on? sidetrack, i miss :(
haha thank you, since winter has passed, i've lost my interest in zombies so i don't work on it often :(
awwww man :(
jus tried to download chris brown new mix tape off live mixtapes from my blackberry..didn't work #fail now i'm salty :(
it's crazy cause there's one thing i reaaaalllyyyy wanted and tonight is the first time i realized it'd prolly make my life worse :(
was supposed 2 go out last night. took a powernap. ended up sleepin till the am. smh. sorry :(
my skin's aging at an exponential rate! :( [delayed]
my skin's aging at an exponential rate! :( [delayed]
screw the bb! imma get food and then continue sleeeeeeeeping. i hate reading manuals :(
time to go.. ttfn tweeters :( i shall miss you <3..x
no facemashing prospects! :(
going home today :( but ayla's 18th tonight :) <3
i know!!! :( he's freakin awaome in this movie!
ahh gilaa..abis tlp sm tmen2 ballet dlu :( miss u so bad girlss..!!
down buzzzz :( i cant get to sammys. no one wants to help me out.
needs to work... :(
church tonight. :( movie date and dinner might not happen after all. nnnnnooooooo. auditions on monday. nnnnooooooooo. :(
3 words i don't really like to see together.. bus replacement service :-(
it's frustrating going through all this alone. where is my person to lean on? somebody to say 'dn't worry babe, you got this' :(
rt# please stop calling me. it just makes me can't forget you :(
but then i won't wake up :-(
but i love chewing gums :( today's lesson from the dentist : dont u chew any gum ever again, it'll reduce ur teeth durability
why is it raining that often recently? i'm supposed to go out. :(
feels like wanna cold juice box! mmm sounds good lol i only have 1 juice bottle left tho :(
cant. :-/ i'm on my ipod. sorry :(
:( that sucks. at least no school tomorrow! :)
abiku lgi bobo . hehe emang abi kemana ?? masih kangen abi :(
my mom and i looking for make-up kit. i told her na dalaga na ko, so dapat magmake-up na din ako :-d hahahaha yep 19 na ko turning 20 :(
waiting :(
went to see thee last song on thursday!! was soo sad but an awesome movie!! haahaa! why did he have to die though??? :( :(
he's mine ups ya ya i know he's yours :(
ur not you anymoree :( :(
damn im hungry...aint nothing open though :-(
gonna study science then do some maths. i'm hopeless for maths :(
never thought i'd say this, but i miss my curls :(
no coment dah ! :(
i'm sorry. :( i just haven't celebrated easter in years. i'm out of the habit.
kepalaaaaku pusengggggg :( butuhhh represhinggg
oh no! :( you can have some of mine!
i wanna hold you now. i want you know that i miss you :(
i don't believe but i will apologize. sorry :(
not really :(
baaaaaabe. i mit chew tew. and ya momma n hana lol :( miss my princessa x0x0
no kfp coke at the san francisco location on market st either. :(
guess which movie i saw yesterday (and fell in love with): i planned to buy it on br today but couldn't find it :(
bestfriends not even taukin to me ! i feeel so lost :(
oooh i wish i could straighten u out right now....but i cant :(
time for #f1 .. well either that... or rain :-(
i wanna kuddle con ella :( faukk..and im thirsty
work in the a.m. :(
