u should! they might unfollow u tho. :(
sitting up to sleeping again. :(
bet you dont notice mee :( can you plzz followw?! :) you have an amazingg voiceee
:(
and we were both cops. some dude spit on me and i said "scott beat his ass up!" then i woke up :(
did u juss hit me wit the 4 face smiley combo? lol. me too. i'm watchin practical magic ona friday night. :(
is it on youtube? did u just post it? i can't find it :(
my deepest condolences to the lost of beloved father of and visia :( may he rest in peace. inalillahiwainailaihirojiuun.
awww it's i miss you :(
oh g-d, is israel going down the slippery military slope again...... when will either side ever learn?!!! how utterly depressing! :-(
bye guys!!!! wish can write me:!! which i know is impossible :( ... i am going to his concert in july...!!!
ugggg woke up super sick :( please please pray.
at falcon...miss my bes :(
idk haha, yeah i knew about julian's, too deoed i was about that... :( umm i doubt it cos i might not be there then. might..
seriously wanna hurt someone, you cannot read a bbm, claim your phone is dead and not answer :(
i miss dao!! #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao :( #freedao :(
its really nice here. and omg i saw ur last status. that ur friend is moving here. thats sad. im sorry. :(
you guys, i'm not i want her to know that to unblock me! i'm not trying to be her! i love her! please don't unfollow! :(
my throat hurts like a bitch. :(
damnit. but he's doing a private show & you can win tickets... i thought you might be able to buy them too. :(
oh okay shoot just making sho but wait how ima get there me &@msursamajor are carless :( .
maybe another time :(
that's a plus to the things i'm upset about. ugh seriously! that a_hole should be fired as a dj. lets c his popularity drop :( f-ing retard
i miss you too, baby :( just keep your head up & keep on smiling :) life's too short!
gaaah ! my tummys doing that weird thing again :(
awh boo i don't think follows people with the biebs as their icon :(
supposedly they reduced the wide opening so everyone is worried if they'll get to see it! :( i hope it is still in most cities.
its impossibe to get you to see us or follow us :(
wtf, i wanna party too!! :( i haven't partied in so long!!
i still have to wait 2 weeks for it here :(
oh no.. it's raining outside... kitty is out there somewhere... :(
well back to the drawing board :(
the simpsons ride was under construction last time i was there so haven't been on that one :(
but... :(
good suggestion! but no stereo or cable for that :( why do they design dvd players with out a volume control on them!?!?!why?
history uh? feel sorry for you :( i just finished with my first part of the hw :)
me too im bored :(
:( are you ok now?
i don't think so! and nope :(
april showers...i want some easter sunshine :(
hahaah saya lagi latihan kmrn *pissrt eh manaaa? ih ngeselin di read gadibales :( suram nih jeeee
no never. :(
yeah :( will he ever be back ?
so no one thinks im weird? aww :( #fml
oh my... i just saw "the last song" and i bawled like a baby :(
i wish i could do a beautiful cappuccino art but cant :(
:-( these womans don't act right.
aaaah how great :( im just online sisssssy
where are you moving :(
uuuugh my stomach hurts :(
nope have 2 work :-(
so cuteeeee! i want!!! :( this is for u!with at petshop in ss14 haha
haha. true. :(
lol shouldn't have said it at all! hmmmph! <-- #sorry :(
wants to galactic circus so bad :(
nothing to do...borng..misng ma home :( ...for first time am away frm ma hme #easter...
u deleted me :( lol
i just found out that i had made some grammar mistakes in my previous tweets. i need to study grammar more... :(
need an expert to control my financial... i just couldn't control myself when i enter cd store and also sport station to buy sneakers :(
smh i gotta get up at 630 for work :-( o well i can sleep tomorrow night
my body feeling not good :(
wash and set .. i got a curly poof right now lol :(
gotta work today.. from 9 am till 6 pm... :(
my bestie don't love me no more :(
pulang jak pehhhrt lg di kampusss :( hey para penjaga kampus lg ap klian? hehhe
dislike :( toooo far away *frowns*
yi had finally came on twitter for you and u was mia. :( lol
does feel like a saturday and apparently i didn't show up. #shakyread :( #yycctv2330
crocs q ktor! abis di pke outbound kmren!! :(
