ok, ok? i think it is not today the day you'll talk to me :( i'll keep trying, one day i can be noticed...
won't go play a game with me :(
y o y does this happen 2 me?? im o so happy then beyond upset & cryin :( 1 wud think i was a girl in a relationship but ima single str8 male
what network is that? awww! we miss u in tfc! :(
ohhmy i'm so not ready going back to school :(
q:abis lat snam nih :( ic udh mulai ya ? a:iya udah hehe, wah enak beeeeeeet :( aku belom...
i miss my spongebob. :| :(
i miss you babe :(
still feel sick. i might not be able to go dancing tomorrow night after all. :(
& i hope bobby ryan saw my sign :( i'm going to make an even bigger one for the ducks vs kings game tomorrow staples! haha im such a nerd
is there anyway i can buy tickets to the ap tour in chicago on the 10th? its sold out but i really wanna go :(
why do you say i'm little :(
aww mane :( our first night not talking on tha fone ..
i hate when i can't sleep..and i feel alone :(
workin'...waaaaaah :(
really really need a new phone. and mom is cutting this one off on the 5th :(
poor bestie :( yu gotta work tomorrow?
why dear? :( jd fosil :(
overworked :( i need a full massage immediately!
i feel like im annoying you im sorry i just want you to follow me :(
you failed son *shakes head* i missed the #nt chic-fil-a summit today. :(
i'm going to write a column on #datinginlosangeles cuz seriously this scene is #wack! #singlelife everyone is #gay but me :(
see! he really is mean! i lost my charger til about 5 minutes ago. fail :(
up way too early for a bank holiday! :-( #fb
is any body hungy :( jajajajjaa
that's it? oh wow my age is reverse :( i feel so old! happy birthday!
lol i no :( i dnt wanna go to skool well at least were almost seniors
banyak yg bikin kesel cat :( kesel knp tis? ga yang di rumah, yang di luar (cont)
aww tell em wussuhpp! i was suppossed o kik it with them , but i just got off work :(
yesss i love that haha its bad that kevin doesn't tweet to much :( he only have 3 tweets
please, make my dreams come true, i just ask you this.. but i think, you never read my tweets, right? :( i love you,though x
wont let me :(
yummy!rt ngileerrrr parahhh!! :( lunch mie pangsit siantar! toopppp!!!
sadly, my newly rediscovered cherry chapsitck is almost gone. :( now i need to go buy some more.
i don't like getting blitz about parties i can't attend :( oh well i'll be having my own fun shortly :)
please follow me please,you never notice me :(
i'm still scared :( and then hannah goes "i'm thinking with my eyes closed...megan!" and then snores...
oh wow! vip tickets? holy smokess. would of been nicee. awhh, sorry you didn't get to gooooo. :( it would of been cool to see
lets forget yesterday....today's plan kya? nah nah u both ditched me n went off :( me n
i am so sick of sitting down... i've been on my ass since 9.45am... it's now 4.45pm :(
not to your guests, it ain't. or me, cuz i want some, too. :(
no i haven't used the computer in days. i didn't hear of it til told me text :(
tonite wass juss thee worse -__- :(
sexiest red dress in the building :-(
lol u seen that tyler perry movie today? --> naw man i'm mad too! my sis faked on me :-( did you see it?
awww poor nick :(
darwin is sooooo f*ckin hot! blahh... its raining and all the hot tanned guys are hiding! :(
lmfaoo!! i was testing if i could tweet again :( lol
i don't know what to do :(
yesterday was a great day! don't wanna go back to school : (
practice is in about less than 12 hours :-(
