miserable. :-( she's getting her eye teeth, not napping well, not eating well, & generally stressed too. i feel so bad.
:) high desert octoberfest and brüno. :( no commentary by
tyler perrys why did i get married is an excellent movie although o cried for most of it :( ha
naww that sucks :(
missing her too =( rt: i miss aaliyah! :( *dancing*
sooo im like really bored..just sittin here,and really sad because u make me sad :( text me
looking forward to cranium tonight. last time i had a doctor on my team and i still managed to make us lose :(
:) ahha but wait, you couldn't have rendered it anyway, cuz u dont have all the clips/stuff i put in the vid.. right? :(
i want to be on it :(
i have no friends on twitter :( haha
at my old rooommate's house watching sherlock holmes with her fam...i'm gonna miss her when i leave tomorrow :(
oh is that what i am now? :( hey there!
so my mom gave me make-up because i'm leaving... do i really look that bad :(
not a thing! im working all weekend :(
my foot is swolling :(
too bad cant sing :(
i think i'm terrified of roachs now :(
damn man i txted u earlier. cnt even hit a nigga bac up. i thought we wuz cool. :(
it's getting really windy&rainy..feels like there's a storm coming. if i dont seem to be online, then pls know that my electricity is cut :(
sigh i know :( what u wanna do?
io ye? aq dx pinter bwd kue :( jejelaa ajari aq -_-" buati doooong
hard nite. friends lost everything in a house fire. thank god for their safety. but they now have nothing. hoping, crying, praying. :(
ohh im trying not 2 :( but i cant help itq
i got on my bike yesterday morning after #atomic & found the rear completely flat :(
km plg dong sygggggrt aahh olvii mw doong lontong medaann.. :(
playing games on my computer that doesnt have internet :(
owwwww, my lip :( going to sleeeeeep
seriously, i'm sorry to hear that. hope you're able to steer things straight. :(
the devil is a lie so im going to get some cornrows, and i'm really indecisive about what color beads to get :(
why :( what i do now
so sorry to hear that *hugs* :(
they're about to take an rv and i'm scaaaared because i don't want them to leave safety :(
awwww muffin...#wishiwasthere :(
sleepy as fuck work 9am :( #fml< get that money babe
haha aww :(
what book, dis? yaahh dimana2 abis bukunya :(
ke rumah winda ajart panaaaass bosen pengen nonton :( ayo dong pln idupin lampunya
ayyyy i just thought about something i wasn't finish tlking with u last nite!!!!-i don't care anymore :(
ya seee :( cobarteeeeeeee jajaja
i am exhausted. my caffeine high has worn off :(
eff word! :(
eiyahhh. hindi movie is on tv2 nw. how to concentrate while doing hmwk.i want watch my hindi movie. :( tsktsk.
lost n confused :-(
you ignore me alllll the time!!! :( haha ive sent you like 148758347548354 dm's !!! d:
sleepy..but i still have to finish reading this. :(
i know, i noticed that earlier. i apologize. my brain is on overload. :(
i have not decide what to wear ! :(
:( look here baby...we're going to have to see about getting you a 9-5, mon-fri!
would u be my friend if i wore cut
out tye dye leggings and a fame jacket? no? ok. :(
bless ur heart. :( i hope u start to feeling better honey bunches.
what did he do, what de he do? :-(
the mexican street meat was closed! :( all our normal taco stands were closed. had to go to a restaurant, which was okay.
omggg me and are feeling sick :( 4 dizzy rides in a row 0.0
mcqueeeeen the world needs you back :(
ouch heartburn :(
lol i knoooo i cant have him so its bad that im wanting him :(
; icaaant :( ihave to wait for tha rangers to tell who win the contest igotta stay up with my friend -.-
er, acho que vou jogar farm frenzy :(
where are the photos? in which album?! i cant find them :(
i got me a bottle but i'm still at work! smmfh! lol :(
i'm pouting cuz i can't go to wonder con :(
i miss cody so freakin much. im hugging a pillow. yeah, im pathetic. :(
i´ve just checked that don´t follow me :(
awww im sooo sorry :(
ummm i need sumone to talk to :(
okay, i'll try and remember that. wait... how? i don't have a phone. :(
all dressed up but no where to go :(
:( idk. i can't even think about it :(
yeah, i don't think anything in the last couple of weeks. :(
not making it to melbourne :( but, an excellent chance will b moving to sydney within 2 months and will come to melbourne then
alright- rianne out!!!! imma try to trend #honorsociety again tomorrow.... :(
awww snap lol i'm watchin blindside! goin car shoppin again tomorrow :-(
i miss my girls > :( bbh ♥
aww i missed my twitter bestie tonight :( but thanks for the awesome #ff love ya too girl x chat soon x
wtf no txt nback ? ojay. smh<<you can't get a text back if you ain't text me :(
my levis is drooping :(
widh you were at the masque with us :(
lebrick is a vagina ; can't wait til they're eliminated playoffs & he cries again&kicks waterbottles aww :(
robb wont talk to me. i cant stop crying :( idk wtf to do with myself. text me if ur still up.
i'm alone watching passion play :(
me too :( toss!rt and i wasn't invited. thank you.
sumpah deh kamu jahat banget, ga nanyain kabar aku :(
gotta drive to see the parents in teh am. they being stubborn and dont wanna party with the rest of the fam for easter :(
goodmorning! ahahhaart bye bye baba :) good night! udah jam 12 huu off yaa :(
so do we have a date in hammond or what boyfriend? you seem to keep ignoring my tweets about this..... :(
had great hit to left field. but still lost :( swings for the fences
the last time i did was around 10... ugh kate :( i am in tears this is not happening.. my deadline is tomorrow at 7!
rainbow lollipop has cut my lips and tounge. :(
failed to brighten my day.
i am in considerable discomfort. not used to being sick like this :( but i made scratch vegan ranch for my vegan hot wings! yummy yay!
i'll be down there tomorrow but not tonight :(
gk sportif :( huh
idk :( lol the fuck is going on tonight man?
yall are still there?! im so sad that im missing out :( we have to go back tomorrow.
poor waterball :( michael gave it a moment of silence *rip*
i wish that were like before.. :(
niggas dead curved me tonight :(
hello there me on monday :(
nobody likes me...this is sad :(
mr. saddo penis is gone now :(
:(
i just got a good idea! but i don't have the tools to fulfill it :( sad day.
omgosh i love this weather!! hate my allergies though!!! :(
#freakyfactsays nasophilia is arousal due to the sight, touch, licking or sucking of a partner's nose.<< i have this :(
i havent seen you all day :(
i am crying... :-(
i went to see it with selma :( you can't blame me for that
so i think i have to go to bed right now :( love ya!!! ;)
r u talking about britney spears and how shes like not doing stuff for herslef and only what her ppl say? :(
just failed all over twitter, poor guy :(
wish i was invited to the bar by my husband's cousin too. :(
:( everything isn't okay!
can we have a party like this again #ra11? it's good to know each other more then it's time to say goodbye. :(
berapa ngga? please banget gue butuh banget :(
jealous. i have to do a lacrosse game tomorrow and sunday is bike polo.. no beach for me :(
:(
awww. i'm sorry charms. :(
only 5 more minutes :(
agr que a mah foi tomar banho eu posso ouvir breathe carolina *-* mas ela só tem its classy not classic :( queria hello fascination d:
is there any way to buy tickets to meet justin or any way to make sure of meeting him? :( <3
ok finee dont believe me then :(
aww babe!! :( ladies? we r not ladies! lol we r just not as bad as when ya'll r here haha. we r gonna b agressors rite now lol
hahhahaha meee and besttieee listen to rave musiccc cause it reminds herrr of herr special person that hurt her :(
*sadface* i miss [redacted]. why does he have to be such a dumb-shit? :(
