saw "clash of the titans" for a night premiere, only because there isn't a single theatre within hours playing tls where i live. :(
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 9
#imoffthis , feeling some typa wayy ; not in thee mooood :(
i want to feel better :(
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 8
yaaaahhh. knp astriiddd?? miii.aku gjd k jkt :(
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 7
i miss you too so damn bad!! ksini dong sheii.. abis mid apa?rt i miss so mucccccch :( wanna sail away to jogja
aw my baby brothers songs on, i think im going to cry :( i miss you.
im back i got one egg and then rehid it for the other kids that didnt get one! :(
pulled my back out again and spent most of last night in emergency department :(
wish i could have been there :(
going to sleep with a frown on my face :(
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 6
down with cold ,its taking toll on me..cant sit and do anything for 5mins max :-(
are you creepin ? x baha i really want justin to follow mee x ... like that will ever happen though :(
eh alvin pling bwah :( bsk pembalsan sms alvin
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 5
pusing.... :(
stop talking about that ! :(
sakura con's in seattle anyways. i've got no ride there. : (
rt: i miss you :(
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 4
sorry to hear that :( && no i'm going tomorrow like afternoon i think...
aaaahhhhhhh i wanna scream...i miss my boyfriend, he hasn't called or texted me in the past 4+ hours, the navy life is treating him good :(
:( i really hope i wake up in a good mood and this mood doesnt carry over...ugh :(
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 3
exhausted. :(
hahaha. huh. u dw t go shppng w me ar? :(
i miss my cell phone :(
its official won't dm me :(
ini i miss you :(
can you come back to argentina? please come back, don't be bad with us :( come back and reply me please
suka m bale sma !! iko ujian,bacoret baju..huaa...miss those moments :(
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 2
yeap im going dalring, you!??!? go lahh! also not goind :( so sad. ina me syg kali ah, manada lupa
that is on overly interbred white tiger, with genetic defects. sad :( question.... what is this?
agh power outage. bye bye internet :(
if you keep sitting like that, your back will hurt so much tomorrow... :(
ouuww..mama datang! trus lupa gtu,gak ngebeliin sayah? :-( udah. kmrn s (cont)
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (:
can't sleep and i think i won't get any :( due to headache
shut up alyyssa :( i was just going sshhshsspppeehhs
jgn hujan dong tar malem please :(
ugh this sad....i hope i sleep through the day :(
had another fat day today... when i look in the mirror, i still see a 350 pound guy looking back :(
photo: i made this. sorry if it’s unprofessional. :(
my brother is so hurtful :(
aduuuh atu atit peyut nich :(
is going to bed..goodnight :) today was good. but the night sucked :( so i'm going to bed
missing jerm so much rite now. :( watching ghost adventures lol. text the celly. 715 881 0044
ran outta whip cream :(
awwe! im missin evrything :( sucks...
belum makan dr pagi = headache and queasy :(
i wasn't allowed 2 cos i work 4 media24 :-( was pretty pissed abt that :-(
(i hope this is your twitter) but i didnt meet marshall :(
mei mw ke apt ya ? >< yahh ..pas jie ga ada apt mulu nh :( yahh :( bebb (cont)
ohhhh.. really!!!?? awesome! lol i can't see it though :( they don't sell the mag in denmark lol. haha thanks !
say something to me? please :(
created this twitter 5 months ago and only have 7 friends :( what the heck!
do people really want thier hair cut today?? :-( i guess so... i'm so tired! x
i have now spewed and i is hungover to the max :(
i had subway today!!! what did u have>> please follow me, :(
eurgh, early morning and work all day :(
my nails are breaking and chipping :(
lmaoo talkin to from her jail cell... :(
dad had to put their dog to sleep today. :( i remember him as a puppy.
apartment hunting for my dad... some random guy crashed into his motorhome leaving him homeless :( #aptlist
i miss you :(
that's what i was referring... they are marketing everything.. perhaps.. except cricket..!! :(
i know i was so excited :(
tickets said 6:30. tickets lied. trio isn't coming on till 1030. i have the worst headache ever. :(
im in my room 13miles away :(
it was ok...today was half a day so i was off around 12! but i didnt do anything at all today :( #kikiawarenessday
you always say you follow people but why aren't following me... :(
q:aite well if its not too hot ill try to get to the elephant ... a:its gona rain on monday :( poo
i'm starting to feel bad for killing that guy in heavy rain. :(
i'm gonna burn this feeling... i hate to feel like this. :(
i think i just got my first cavity :(
you know what i barely listen to gucci mane .. so be nice ... :(
red shirts all along the road at my place :( sick of their noises!
and i had just watched madame x the morn he died :( spooky
iyeee baweelll ;) sautin bbm gueeee! :( nge-game aahhh..
but i didn't get a dress for maddies :( im gonna have to be non formal :s
when did you see that :(
i´ll try to get my mind clear watchin´ some south park episodes.. bye :(
heyyyy payolita pa mii :(
last day in california is almost over. :( i don't want to go home tomorrow. i don't want to leave all my new friends. :(
why can't #smallville be nc17 porn? :(
its official won't dm me :(
yuuuuk..boseeen dnger2 gnianrt bgd. cabut aja yuk ngntuk parah niiiiirt mau bobo :(
dress for easter settleddd ! the thing with fb os that you can hardly rewear :(
i want a lie in :-( maybe i will get a little one on sun as r has to come see kids in the morning wishful thinking maybe
thx ne :( mau jo...hehe
why are you in this world at this time???/ aw :(
me and just realized i always dream about shoes when i nap. im going to need therapy to rid me of sports authority terrors :(
oh noooo! no power is the worst :( i will miss you my boo
u mean ur not coming????? :(
having fun with some great pple but wish others were here :(
hey this bg over capacity :( can u resize again pls? thx :)
its official won't dm me :(
had an awesome time with the sisters. haha. orchard to meet family for clash of the titans! spent too much money again. :(
lol . nah =/ lmaoo . im sad and das not gun change till dis person picks up my call :( and where in bk u frm ?
just got yelled at alot and a family member died today :(
misses you so much right now. :(
haha i hardly have a twitter, i don't even know how it works and rarely tweet :(
her middle name and last pissed me off a lot more angelina texas??? wtf i just wanted to get away but she still follows :(
awwww! i miss you, tooo! i miss all you guys :(
:/ im soooo boored :( uugh =/ i hate to be boored lool who doesnt ?! haha
sheeeeshhhh meeting the family tumar ; really don't want 2 ! :-(
my mom is gonna disconnect my phone :-(
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (:20
how was everybodys friday night???..cus mines was lonely ass hell :(
power just went out :(
i have alot on my chest but i have noone to talk to !!!! :-(
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (:19
poor jaafar and jermajesty :( somebody don't want them in katherine's house.. stay strong guys!!
booo rt@msleesasolident  :( my boyfriend is a sagittarius -->rt #zodiacfacts taurus least compatible w/:libra,sagittarius
wht to say justin never notice me :( oh that's so bad
the websites and magaznes say that tweets and dms fans all the time.. but he seems to be doing less of that lately :(
awww dat was mean : ( asswhole lol
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (:18
is cheating me already :( jk
yeah! i really really hate that kind of people! miss them together so much :( how much i miss tvxq as 5... sme, do
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (:17
it could have been today, it could have been yesterday, it could have been the day before....... i never saw my question :(
no :(
my shirt has 2 different sized sleeves and doesn't fit at all- sad :( it's a really cool shirt too. i wish i knew what to do.
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 16
hello everyone. i have insomnia. :(
i want .. hmm ... him xd pff .. but i cant have him :(
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 15
i went to those, the slim ruined my shoes :(
hey everyone im back ive been busy and ive really been missed a certian person and i want him to know that. :(
can't wait till my brothers get out :-(
not looking forward to today, considering we had queues like christmas yesterday :(
i miss you :(
:( kangen banget jane :''''''''''( i wish, i cudnt even hv a phone now
shit it hurts. :(
ahhhh, i'd kill to get the jpn edition of the betrayed :(
roughhh night. i'd rather do almost anything than go to work tomorrow :(
oh no hun :( that's no good. yeah still mega busy! going to see a play for sam's birthday. xx
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 14
heading home, it was an alright day wit the hmw niqqas but dead ass, my day is never gonna b great without :-(
enaaakkkkkk :( pv with
please say to me "hello michelle" :( please thomas, argentina loves you (: 13
man my bro got my in trouble. :(
retweet gue mau.....nonton disney on ice :(
say something to me? :( :(
