aduh sakit perut :(
michael joshua wkwk spe ??rt wah uda ad yg jadian lg,makin tertinggal deh :(
get well soong ;3 sakit :(
awe whatsa matter hun :(
aww. it was that short? :( let's go get a lollipop. wow, i can't get over that. ahhahah
grabbing a taco and boy oh boy ole girl look stronger than me :(
why did you leave me this weekend??? 80's night was so on point and you were not here to revel with me. :( come back!!
damnn this suckss :(. that juss made mt night shity..even though it shouldn't :( fuuuuh.
wish i was : ( ---->rt dammiit im drunk!@ ;(
oh my lands that makes me sooo sad! :( :(
playing in the new browser in sl learning where things are and what they are now called feeling inadequate again :-(
oohh back pain. :(
one of my teachers husband died the other day during school :( it was so sad. he had a hearattack while driving
aww y'all just forgot about me :-(
why are females out here pregnant? lmao should be at a yoga class << i dont think so :(
bali on may is coming.. still don't have a sunglassess.. recommendation, please! :(
lol. i wish i could but im at work :(
foundation please and thank you... i realllllly want to go :(
i didn't get to meet you :(
how i will die :(
errr . nnti ketemu lu ye ! huahaha . matilah gr mode on lu ! lol g?makasih..wkwk..rt i hope that ure there :( (cont)
/sobbing shinee bukan anak-anak lagi. two of 5 members has reached their 20s :( next year: minho and key.
i've barely seen my friends this week :(
miss u goons-c u nxt wknd, nick is sick :(
ahaha yes!!! grrrr!!! y must she invade!!! :(
awu. time aku first liat... mcm kan ku curi. cute! tapi aku takut kucing :(
if you get so excited and think its someone famous following you but end up disapointed because it never is. thats how i always feel :(
lol i'm sorry i didn't mean it to be mean or rude, more so funny, sowwy :(
jujur gue nethink :( aaaahhhh sumpah huhu
just looked in the mirror and would like to formally thank the girl who randomly punched me at keeneland today and made my head bleed. :(
"good friday" not soo good :(
:( we need to catch up sometime soon
i saw my *punk!!!! but :-( ...
i gained a follower and i thought it was but it wasnt :(
poor charlie. :( i said your son is very smart. you must so proud. drink up! we only have tonight!
i know what happened to paded and we all use to hangout everyday now its never, wtf :(
lol i said "i'm not feeling good, i'm going to go sleep now... have a good spring break. :)" <--i'm too nice. :(
why is poor android always so unloved? the two cons i go to (@comic_con & both have stuff for iphone but not my g1 :(
i'm so cappucino flavored peanuts addicted. craving for junkfood. dayyumms :( // cq pissed me off this morning but mocha settled it down :*
hmm bisalah. trust mem kalo bisa mah gue langsung kesana deh :( jalan lah k bdg. hhe
beres2 lemari bju!stress! :(
naah :( what obt you?
:( i'm not scary! lol #zodiacfacts scorpio has a reputation for being one of the scariest signs in the zodiac.
i lose my blackberry bold9700. pin:21d04917 what should i do? :(
and like now...the phone comes on but my screen is black :(
lil joe still with me..i kept him so he could go too...#welldamn didn't kno thought he was wit pops :-(
$43 to my name for the rest of the month. thats without paying granny back the $110 i owe her. all bc i'm selfish and blow $ on myself. :(
my hubby just left :(
too bad there is nothing open :(
so, i couldnt sleep so i'm back. and i've notice i lost a follower :( not what i wanted to come back too :(
even i want a best friend with a brother like michael supercute moscovitz :(
besok! ha ? bukannya ada ? #ic3 mao mulee ..nonton ahh hburan sbtu siang walo gag ad #cakkanuraga :(
walah hawanya masuk rumah sakit :(
that's what i should be doing! :(
i woke up cause i dreamt about jongwoon :( so i felt i should check on him
bcos i scolded her... :(
i wish, my co-own will gettin' my followers swelling well lmao xx and she promises me dm from justin haha. i'll miss her :(
take a look at k'naan at 9:30 club, washington dc on sun, 04 apr 2010. sold out too :(
red shirts!!!!! u ruined my big day!!!!!! my fashion show got canceled cuz of u people!!! sigh~ :( ni sai mai de! jai raii!!
crap! i just realised i didn't (brush my face and wash my teeth). common phrase used by my dad to make me laugh when i was young :(
i'm tired and want to go home! :(
omg k paniko!? thats sad and scary! :( tears
#jonasbrothers cant have you :(
does not like sucking so hard at tf2. :(
grrrr stupid awake head it's far to early wen sleep started at gone 3 :(
i kno he has lotz to do i feel bad for him everyone gives him a hard time :(
ngil don't be sick..i'm sad if u sick =(( love u ngil♥♡rt tenggorokan gw knp lg nih :(
back in freezing cold nl.. :(
watching the movie precious.... such a sad movie :(
:( i really didn't know the lady but i caused her death, a guy ran her over.
only covered... :-(
