eh how to add you guys on 'we rule' ah? i add but u guys nvr appear :(
i'm so sorry to all the silly frogs that i killed on the way home. i tried to dodge as many as possible :(
i miss you :( when you come back her i def want another lesson <333
:-( it shouldn't suck to be her: espn reporter erin andrews subject of death threats, her lawyer says
upp n the az missn everyone in calli :(
always give her spirit. never give me spirit. :(
dang it !! i almost picked that !! :(
lovely mama bought fresh antiseptic lotion and iodine for my toe.. wasted her money due to my lame injury.. :(
hush! :( but dem hawks beat da lakers lol
yes i know how that feels like :(
i have no one to go to the cherry blossom festival with :( i've never been...
the last song wad great not as good as the book ah i cried the whole second half :(
q:): dayday doenst look like an aliennnn . a:not at all :(
we talked about everything from the rapture to poodles! ha ha. easter egg hunt tomorrow. but not going to kenwood with :( :(
he said no more. :( he's drivin tonight. or else i'd totally go for tuaca bombs those are good
ah shoot i was running round so much this morning i missed it :( #engagecanton
missed the br tonight. :(
:( no, la computadora es off atm. i'll get on asap.. not now though.
to no twi, so q ta chato :(
i know nothing about wine! everything i've tried i have not liked :( thanks 4 ur suggestions!
:( asshole
dag so now i'm big and scary aww man smh! :-(
in geneva, switzerland. making our way to interlaken today. it's beautiful! impossible to upload photos without a laptop though. :(
omg you looked sad :( i was like what happened
going to sleep on a bad note cuz thinks im lying to her :-( #byetwitter
can't find anyone to do my dress :( veluz is fullybooked til jan'11! so it's down to paul & patrice.. it's getting so stressful.
it was on the side we got his auto and fans started coming up since he got noticed and he had to go :(
michelllee come hang out w me i'm lonely :(
how can i forgive you : (
ke ciledug yuk paaaat :(
aww but you don't like my phrases :(
my bedd :((( have to be up at 7am :(
driving down la cienega+ └a drivers+ idiotic paparazzi running across the street= me almost hitting a valet guy. :( so annoying! fuck!
dam man im super sad i have 2 b up in like 5 hours 2 go 2 work 4 only 3 hours :( no more partyin or chillin on fridays 4
:( sorry to hear that. i love animals,i draw this little st.francis,donated 2 a work 4 orphans kids
y dis girl aimed me & i said #juststfu cause i dnt be aimin like dat she said im hella funny i think ppl be lien too me :( lol
it's slowing down :( like crazy #blossominthedust
gonna get new spect!!!!! :( mum wont allowed me wear contacts!:(
wonders why theres always something always getting in my way!!! :( i still wont fricking give up though!!!
what room are yall on ? been waiting an hour for kristy's room or monica's room to show up :(
she's such a bitch :( why did i accept her again......
my feelings are hurt i wasn't invited :( smh lmbo
#jonasbrothers been a fan since 2006 :) <3 <---- i'm getting kinda tired of them sad :(
q:whenn :( a:eye dee kay! i dnt have a phone right now it brok! but i should be gettin one in les...
where wifey at :(
furs picking on me :-( i hate being the youngest lol.
im trying to avoid you , but i really miss you :(
iihhhh :(
<--- owes me a meal now & i'm like a kid in the candy store. bad analogy. i can't think when i'm hungry :(
there's people on here that i always used to talk to now we don't talk at all :( i miss them
feel bad foooor you :(
tryna sleep this headache away but it's not letting me sleep! :-(
gaahh !! wanna go back to my boarding house , too boring in here..... :(
ga rame makanannya cm lontong cap gomehrt meeehhh ttoooohh :( samaaaaa.. ;)) (cont)
who calling me today ? :(
plz let me know 'cause we won't be getting ours tmrw. :(
i'm sick literally :( vomitted 3 times this morning :((
i hope i can but i can't because i live in new zealand :( i would though!
im freezing cold i want my radiator :(
i cnt put the tough act for long, the truth is that i miss him a lot.....i'm ready to cry :(
gurl they were soldout the day they went on sale :-(
:( yeah. i don't know when i can return all my debts uh.
:( whatever.
gonna watch some buffy the vampire slayer :) like i use to...with my sister :(
poor us :-(
i know. :(
drinking this bottle of water before bed = peeing at 5am :( << piss pant mcgee!!! lls
awwww maannn i say that :( lolol rawrr
well congrats anyway jajaja xd =* manuelmap quickly?? nahhh after 4 bottles, i doubt it honeey! :(
its defiantly going to be a long night :( i need a distraction
dedicating the amount of hours to each class is a lot of free time gone away 4 to keep my grades i have! :(
uh... please don't tell me my joke fell totally flat :( i'm canadian. i know you can't drive to south korea lol
eff shin splints, man! :( icing my shin splints
i love y'all so damn much!! !!! :( ♥♡
i'm sorry :( but hey, we got shiner! hahaha
cabaalrt tau deh yg udh di copot hiks :( makannya lepas dund spt aku hahart (cont)
omg my head is killin me :(
i love you baby...my comp just froze. it won't bring up another page :( i love you john
i wasn't online 4 hours ago! :( i thought you loved your #little8er
why did i get married 2... great movie!!!! i hated the ending :( im was n tears...
didnt even invite me :( i need a drink this natural isnt for me
i'm calling you . . :(
ugh, how did i bruise my knee?? :(
ouchie i don't think a kiss will make that better :(
someone who's u??rt wew so dg cuki :( cukimayyy tinggi (cont)
my feet hurt :(
made a youtube version of my lunar boat song cover: doesn't sound as good as the plain audio :(
q: justin bieber called u so pretty. a: really? but he not know if the girl in pic is me :(
really? :( shinee's hello baby will end at 12th episode :( #kpopfacts
i miss you papi :( ...
that is a scary thought :(
i dnt have my phne... :(
please follow me please please please ? :(
now i have to sing in the choir with two toned highlights :( i hate it!
and the scratching begins. i just wanna cuddle with my boy. :(
following my followers!!! if i'm not following you.. please... tweet something!! haha let me know!!!! dont unfollow me :(
how come i never see cool ones like this? :( so true
yeaah ! he does .. when jay had tha long hair :^) but not anymore :( jay's one of a kind . lmao
no :(
what!!!!!! thats how you do me!!!! :-(
pengen :( iced vanilla latte ...... sounds like perfection today
:( aaaww dnt talk about me! lol i miss u guys too!
damn. we just had a bunny commit suicide under my car on i-5. :(
damn wasp! tryna run from em sittin on the couch... ice on my leg... :( <-- wats wrng ?
lol my stomache hurts :(
mhmmmmmm....last show ever! "/ senior year is coming to a close ! :(
went all the way to annapoorna to have curd vadai, only to find that its served after 10:30 am. had to be satisfied with pongal :(
my feeties are freezeenn :(
i got a headache! :(
im trying to avoid you , but i really miss you :(
and he is extremely hott! i wish conviction lasted longer :(
i would if my amp wasn't at andrew's :(
i love you too much to hate you :(
-- lmaoo. goo in.. i dont wanna be by myself :( ahaha
my internet is working and you're not even on. :( good night.
:) i misseth u•..aww i miss u too. :( i want all a u guys down here!!!
:( but you pwomised
<------ fronta-----»nooooo i'm not!!!! :( :( i'm in bk nd yu in queens!! you comin out here
:(
we just ran over a posum, we couldn't swerve fast enough :(
quickly?? nahhh after 4 bottles, i doubt it honeey! :(
i mad mek me buss out laughn at myself now my sleepiness gawn...grrr. i aint even had no nap today! :( | yessssss
more scam contests? :(
no one in dev has the lion king :( super sadface.
what happened to us hangin out for my bday?? you don't love me nomore :(
gah, brother friends are so annoying. they just picked me up and dragged me outside and tied me to a fucking pole :(
i'm single... doesn't mean i don't have drama. :(
so.. you guys have a lot of co-owwners i'm so confused!! :(
wwowooo, i barley have eyebrows :(
ima have too do it chola style for a while ...lol:(
