....i got a feeling»no its not gonna be a good night without me :( :( is right!
10 soal yakin 7 :(
& i wanted 2 go somewhere! but noooo niggas don't never think abt me when its time 2 roll! but its coo.. :(
my day is over... after so much excitement i just ate two sushi rolls :( not fair...
i know :( but i want it to be tumaro im tryna fuck that food up tho lol
rip matt james :( my thoughts and prayers go out to the james family.
not funny :-(
i'm rambling because trying to sleep is bloody hard work. but i suppose i'd better try. night..er, actually it's morning. grrr... :(
stop tweeting the movie loser!! <-tell her! she ruined it :-(
i'm not sure what's up with twitter; i've been responding pretty quickly. makes me sad. :(
i'd say thanks to aep we've lost about $200.00 worth of food. a terrible blow to someone already poor. :( so miserable, now.
performance bands released out... results r really unexpected!!! :(
hua.. maaf br reply ! dtnggal pcar k jogja pik ! :( eh mnggu dpn uts? knp deh. . .rt pagi yang berat :'(
looolhaha. okay fb is messsssed, it keeps error-ing when i post :( will post on your wall when i wake up.
yeah i haven't seen him yet :( i've seen jack ,mason , actually saw zach gill perform by the bathroom at a jack concert
so not redi for tomorrow... fml :(
i wish i knew u in person :(
naaaah :(
dude i feel like imma throw upp :(
movie night with the bakkens savouring the moments before they leave our fine nation :(
pspgo, think its a bit small for adult hands, dsi gives me pain :( #mhi
i wish i'd've taken off fri and sat so i could go home for easter weekend. i miss my fam :-(
i made a comment on your meg cabot post this morning, went to follow up on thread, and it's not there anymore. :(
nola. org nk ekot but my mum said ank2 sdare tk dijempot :(
me too! :) but i only have 1 chance for soundcheck :( so i am praying i get it! :) i don't want to get another fc account..
anyway lissanguyen 's house , should prob bus home now :( it's 1:09 am alreaaaady .
week with my baby is a dream, leaving my baby is a flipin' nightmare :(
so reluctant to prepare for work.. :(
awww , did'nt followed them out today :( stayed at home again...
i'm really lonely without you :(
can u imagine being an orphan, to having a grande fashion empire? this movie makes me tear up every dam time :(
has the ssd winner already been chosen? :(
i want to cry :-(
this my 2nd time being drunk and i wish i never dunk inn the first place :(
back from coffebean & movies with kitzia! watched the last song!! such an awesome chick flick movie! we cried so much! omg.soo sad! :(
:( didn't eat anything all day.
heartbroken for the motherland. so much despair :( pray pray prayyyyy
gesh.. this looks a mess :(
it boring to count sheep by myself :(
ya i bet!! :(
having the time of my life... but i miss , bri, chey, and andy :(
where r u??? :(
my phone keeps lighting up but i dont have any messaages :( its freaking me out.
what will we do next year if they have a non-absurd # of a's? :(
came home to my baby throwing up all over the place :-( it will be a long night... mommy duty calls
tell em i missed them or some shixt . i defff need my webcame :(
whats wrong?!?!? :(
nite talk next week weds probs no comp at home :( xx
i'm drinking but idk if we're going out :(
o ok sad i missed it :( ok girl sorry to bother u...i see ur goin to sleep lol goodnight
wont follow me good night :(
...if only i could be there... :(
shopping is not the same without ate (@coffeejunkie23) :(
omg txt me i'm confused!! :(
i got work :( but cba.. x
i need these burberry sunnies in my life :( next paycheck!
gesh.. this looks a mess :(
me and my fat arms! *barfs :(
linking both accounts is a good option. my phone supports only java apps. so on gravity here :-( will try ping.fm
im soo bored!!!!!! well i think i cant go to sixflags anymore :( it might rain ahhhh im mad
wow sony is falling behind :(
i want to go out tonight. why is no one up for that? i can't go out by myself :( that's just fucking gay.
im losing followers too :(
haha yeaah bbm aku eror :( chat again with asoyyy
aye these skullcandy earphones is active . but since ihave that part of my ear peirced they don't stay good :(
lol!! it's all in da hips!!rt i tried to dance bachata ! but failed epically :( he doesn't look like jay .
