some people were mean to me yesterday :-(
i should have been recording today... :(
well i think someone is lying to their fans :(
who are you with? and i wish i was with you :(
bored as hell. want someone to tlk to :(
oh jesus that was terrible punctuation. :( frogive me negroes.
:( :( :( :( :( <~~ you're such a chump....lol...you know someone else called me that yesterday...wth.....
i miss u :(
i don't have access to the enteprise. i think spock kicked me out :(
...why did he kiss my sister :( it really bugs me
i tried to follow bac summa mi followers..dumbass twitter wont let me :(
i'm never gunna wake up tomorrow for my mcdicks breaky :(
please make my day. reply to me :(
man. i miss my bitty. :( chillin at home. thinkin.
ahhhh can i tweet? :(
sorry your team had to go it was really not shannens time :( can we count on you to vote for
and damnn by 1 point! far out, i kinda feel sorry for dees! :(
time for bed, i didn't wanna leave flubberz :( but well goodnight! :)
fraiche is 100x better than pink berry! but pb is all we have down here in so. cal :(
woke up from a bad dream about that brought a few tears :(
i'm cold :(
dont be sad : ( i love youuuuuu mosttt <3
1 by 1 problem has come...mulai dr mslh prt,puskes,masy kamp(kades) :(
speaking of pages, does anybody know how to get my wikipedia page back? editors locked people from writing one for me because of trolls :(
gugup.. :(
love someone we cnt hav. thts kinda wat most of us beliebers do :(
#milkcarton u good? :(
yall got some whit bitches wit u?? bring those white bitches on over! hahahahah im bored text mehh :(
airport laturhhhh.abang is going to germany today :(
miss you :(
i can imagine! took me years to find the author of brigalow. still can't find the book anywhere :(
hitting the hay... work in 10 fucking hours!!!!!!! :( txt me tomorrow guys. :) (lol at the contradictory smileys.)
i miss tequila, i wanna tell her goodnight :( cant sleep bc of it.
please please please please please follow me jasmine---- i'm begging u :(
i wish i could spell :( its something i never got good at haha
but still hav a lots of work to do :(
in freakin lab --- no ! is in lab except me :( 2 mtech guys r there n y the hell they r staring at me...boared boared boared
mhhmmmm , nobody is a veryyy hard song to learn :( lagi lagi acoustic dia
:( awww. imma madd for uu ; thank u
why would you guys leave me :(
i need to do it how i do it, then i'll take another... all the blond bits are gone :(
weekend dirumah = boring! :(
bye guys :( rays being a meany
thanks for all the #ff love dolls! :]sorry i couldn't do the list today! :( but i love you all! <3
i wish i could control my anger :(
concert over :(
:( you could always have it shipped from the us...
uh oh :( whats going on babe?
i'm sorry :( i know about similar situations, personally, but i understand you and your anger/disappointment
angry alice angry alice. :( *huggles
i feel like i know you, because your so close with your fans. even though you dnr know i'm alive :(
i want more cinnamoroll(s). :(
why :( my night just started.
i wish n i could exchange places :(
angel when will you reply :(
ugh i am not understanding this one :( the g/ml is throwing me off..help please?
one of my closest friends is having her bday cbration in queens that night too...but i wont make it :-(
okay crap. won't ever notice me :( she won't follow me ever.. :( imma #jasminator and she ignores :(
gonna work work work :(
my poor nephew is so sick :(
frustrated that comcast still hasn't fixed the 'digitization' with our cable :(
please please please please please follow me jasmine---- i'm begging u :(
i have to work extra hard at the gym in the morning! :(
why arent you coming out? :( its cold
true but, doesnt matter nothing happend :( im a looooooooser *starts crying* aha
love someone we cnt hav. thts kinda wat most of us beliebers do :(
i miss youuu aaaa :( #qft
u caught me :-( ...i'm ashamed of myself!
im still waiting for dongho's :(
