i'm scared of the ducks :(
yeah it sucks and i have to work in an hour :(
why must u make me so sad :( ugh! whatever...im having a good night and getting ready 4 bed!
i love when i hit every single red light on broad street.... cant wait to be in my bed :(
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttt...no maxwell.....maxwell is sad time :(
so i come to apt. you are not here. :( i hope the devils doesnt rapes me on the ways homes doods i love you.
they're playing flashing lights... i miss you :(
is disappointed in how the evening turned out...if it wasn't my heart still hurting, it was my god-damn stomach...ftl going to bed... :(
ughh -__-' when u guys need help, i help. and when i ask for help u guys just ignore me.. ughh this sucks! :(
yach....gw sendirian dech :(
smakin hari smakin gendut :(
i just finished cleaning and got into bed.. i thought you were going to bed too. i'm too tired to get up :(
sigh sigh sigh . i'm looking forward to 2011 . 2010 please get lost :(
night night! --all ready> :(
i don't know, maybe i am. had seen a mid air plane explosion + crash a few weeks back :( just before hyderabad(?) incident.
without me!!!! :( kicking it with and el chapis
was a damn coon in wdigm2…he sold out queer folks!!! i'm real disappointed. shame on u tyler perry!! shame (via :-(
ayaw na ko payagan!!! :(( i brought it up last night sabe ng dad ko masyado daw ako maraming gusto! they do not support me :(
hard. :( i dislike all men right now
las del google earth pu :(
so a kitten just tried to run under my (speeding) car. stupid kitteh :(
lol im soo damn bored i have to baby sit :(
hate this saturday ! :(
lols i can def make ur bed rock ;) haha awww thanks so much babes , i'd like to see a pic of u tho :(
:( stfu. that was rude.
please come to argentinaaaaa :(
we make fun of yer tweets in dm's to eachother, nigger. lmao »» why yall follow me? yall never talk to me : ( #ontweet
was gonna edit but i'm too tired. :(
i ♥ d. bowie but i'll always prefer the nirvana mtv unplugged version of man who sold the world. oddly, i only have the d. bowie vers :( #fb
man i hope grams gets better, i hate seeing my mom all stressed :(
ow :( goodnight cory, you should say goodnight back #justsayin
ops it's called food revolution (it even made me cry by a girl saying that the doctor told her she'll only live for another 7yrs :(
says i'm dead and everything says is true....so therefore i'm dead? :(
going to bed...feeling sad :(
i wanna go too :(
real bummer the character of micheal is being recasted :(
i'm in carbondale, illinois, to study english. but, really, i don't know speak english. it's very had for me :(
eeeew what's wrong wit connection. i can't twitpic my brunch :(
i'm going to miss sad she is moving. :-( very sad.
oh nooooo :(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
okay #southpark was not cool tonight! :( they killed the kids! :( :( :(
that was the early one :( maybe if it wasn't easter weekend and trying to buy a gps so we can start geocaching with the rest of u
i wish i had somebody to go to the river walk with :-(
nah they definitely don't see that :(
sickyy. :( but hailey's tomorrow should be funn!!
like for real twitter looked absolutely breathtaking tonight. i so wish i was with her :( almost 5 days!
cant check vids here :( net speed's never good. have fun, enjoy the weekend :)
my workshop got canceled... :-( almost cried... and lost a hundred dollars on a plane ticket i have to change...
i put away all my winter clothes. still doing laundry (i took like 5 breaks). would rather be playing with wordpress 3.0 beta :( #nerd
yu jln trs kaya dulu lg asli kangen :( iya ciin it's been a long time we're not hanging out together :(
mmm is amazing too bad i'm here all alone :(
oh no! my cross-dresser died!! :(
i'm sorry.. but i have tons of homework. >:( that's what i'm doing now.. ughh!! i just wanna quit school!! :( lol
awww im sorry my lil booskie lol..wassup ?!---dont act like u care now :(
rt:@everlastingdora doit4tyvon : lmaoooo ! yeoo doraa im def. feeling you on that one smfh prettyboiitone ; lmaoooo ! || :( heyyy
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
making money to pay for school.. yeah at this hr. :(
sorry that we cant watch how to train your dragon today :(
big bear tomorrow :) packingpacking cant find my snow pants and sad that parents still wont let me get a board :(
rt: tragedy strikes my d200 at muse concert :( full blog post and how you can help me continue learning photography:
sucks. :(
frostwire wont dwnload & limewiree wont delete! : ( <-- told yo hard headed butt to go to jamglue no instillation juss download
aww :( don't get mad at he doesn't ignore people.
hmm yeah :/ i wish you were coming :( i miiiissss you x
and soooooo humid too, alle? :(
