yeah it's a tough life in media production at the moment :-(
i wanted to go too. :(
i miss my boyfriend :-(
yesterday's podcast recording was destroyed by a non existent god. we will have to rerecord :( (via
oh i know how you feel & had arguments with my bf over it. mine only started listening when he caused a full on panic attack :(
okay i just did :) me too that the only thing that i really wish for a concert of adam at least one :( i'm not giving up on this.
#peopleshould stop texting/tweeting while driving!!! ahemm << sryy :( lmfao.
lol aww u didnt tell me tht bt i wudnt fit in cause i cnt speak 'cypresian' :( hmm im strtin 2 envy u nw.. n wt chanels do u get
that sucks miami misses you :(
so unfair, i sent it at exactly 9pm :( anyway
:( ugh. just go die :l nah sorry im upset :l
this is my 600th tweet <3 hahaha lolz thts not a lot..... hmph :(
going to make my own pancakes :(
decided to put music on itunes that i've gained since pc broke then create playlists! need something to listen to on long drives :(
shower bored :(
we took the kidlets to a hotel for the weekend...swim...i don't get to miss any work!! :( poor pitiful me! hehheee.
lol thanks but i think i am! :(
iphone :( this the first time it did that grr
i'm waiting to hear on one, but other than that a load of rejections, or just being sent jobs that don't fit not good :-(
dying my hair dark brown. good bye crazy hair styles and hair colors :( i will miss you but we will meet again in a few years
lost :( but oh well.. so proud of ! love you <3
i think im getting the flu : ( soo achy
q:i think yall ment to be, she kute and got body and a good personality... a:she don want me :(
ta. my wrists hurt :( don't think i can do many more tonight. i'm nearly asleep as it is.
sure wish i could find :-(
man that taco hell was nasty. that's why i don't like to eat fast food. :(
i culda fukn called too... sayin it will be 1:30am b4 it comes bak on. :(
locooooou! mucho tiempo sin twitter :(
muhmuhmuhmy toes are gonna fall off. :( damn you cold air.
so, she doesn't lives here,i live in brasil and her in usa :(
geoff johns just walked by the fbotu booth, but didn't stop. :-(
rip shirley rosales :(
#ormula1 3rd practice within less than 5 hrs ... can't sleep can't stay awake :(
orderinq me some pizza & findinq a movie to watch for toniqht ; last niqht here is qonna pretty much suck! : (
i tolddddd youuuuu !! lmao. i'm sryyyy :(
my sprite tasted like str8 ass :( / lmao cryin laughin
yoo ive been dancing this whole dayy, sorry guys :(
thanks for mentioning the word "box set"...now i want to watch wonder woman. :(
what an awesome dinner with the family :) crawfish, oysters, fish tacos, stuffed jalapenos and beer. mm..i just wasted my workout away :(
awww :( just take it easy and rock the fuck out of the next gig you're able to do. don't feel too bad, shit happens!
photo shoot cancled. :-(
they're just dancing with snakes. i can dance with snakes. :( #circusenvy
yesterday's podcast recording was destroyed by a non existent god. we will have to rerecord :(
on the way home :) i miss my big sissy poohs already :( home safe ma
just got back from hanging out with my sister & brother in law. i forgot how much ive missed them :( i really do wish my family were closer
aye youngin feet long as shit smh not good :-(
when am i seeing you i miss you! :(
i'm so mad! i was supposed to go to the warriors game tonight! :(
got mee such a major headache :(
where's he's never on twitter! :(
#followfriday plz follow my personal acc plz plz it barly has any followrs! :(
aww, miss you too.. :) so sad #smallville isn't trending.. :(
are you guys still working on that mobile version of newsarama? loading your site the regular way takes too long on my phone :(
isn't tired :(
wasnt raging haha, just boring boring boring :( wby?
my sister is on a date with some ugly kid :(
up in the oakland hillsto maybe come out with a new hair do but won't have service :(
yes it iss!! cmon ! i'm sorry for you :( can i go over? i'll bring cookies
well they said first week will be roughest and ill feel like hell which i do then i should slowly start to heal :( x
oh yeah, that could cause me to melt down too. :( he he settles soon.
i was getting my haircut! lol. idt is going back on til next week cus his gonna be shooting eenie meenie :(
unfollowe :(
lol, i am sorry for u that they did stay on :( that's awesome, yeah i've been a few times. last time was 4new year :) x
:( dont say that..she is my idol </3
so my flight has been delayed yet another hour. psshh boss bitch is never gonna make it back to #miami :(
i miss them. :(
i agree. i've trusted the wrong guy way too many times. not fun :(
aww that's no good :( i've been doin my same ol thing lol.
