q:has a female ever paid you for sex? just bc of what they saw on videos?... a:yes :( #dontjudge me
red... i hope this can be better... :-(
soon, my curls gone, again :(
guess i just missed it :(
i wish i cld have sex tonight :(
nah nah u both ditched me n went off :( me n were there
my cat is sick... i need advice... :-( please see my "question details". thank you!!!?
m in blore but my sis had a baby and my mums been with her the past few months in the us... :(
untuk onyx doang ya ? :( new os 5.00.586 for my onyx!!kenceng,cepet,ajib,recommended os poko'a!!
i just got my new drivers license out the mailbox. my shoulders look broad as fuck! :-( #smallforward
otis reibbacher ? ( mispelled the shit out of his name ) puts head dwn n shame .. :(
my cat is sick... i need advice... :-( please see my "question details". thank you!!!?
wish i was at pad right now :(
i seriously need to get a new pair of heels. my wedge seriously cui till cannot :(
i really don't like my major : ( this is very bad. and it makes me panic
aww.. when your annoyed it just means he needs your attention, i seriously want one... :( my cousins are too young and too old.
lots of schoolwork to do tomorrow. :( thats why i need to be asleep.
never felt so alone in my life... how do single people live like this? my heart hurts... :(
played some warhawk tonight on the tournament servers....it is intense in there..i got base raped. it was so much fun :-(
:o what chat broke it says no one is online :(
my cat is sick... i need advice... :-( please see my "question details". thank you!!!?
i miss you dave....please come back to twitter. :(
i jus got home :(
my cat is sick... i need advice... :-( please see my "question details". thank you!!!?
cun bagi application :( eh sekalian tanyain mbanya dong iphone udah bisa di upgrade belom. please...
help me.. i need some help but nobody can understand it better than you :(
doode not cool...i wanna know :(
i dont think so :( i think they are only playing with them in queensland. i think its jsut a like "easterfest sideshow" so >
my cat is sick... i need advice... :-( please see my "question details". thank you!!!?
i keep forgetting to twitter. darn work. i've had nothing exciting to report. :(
in 2 days the best candy in the world will disappear :-(
crrrraaaammppsss :(
cheeweewee said it's lame to tweet :(
i couldn't hear it, because everyone is sleeping and i didn't want to be rude with the tv blasting. :(
damn yous for havin cartoon network west! :(
*raggermuffin*
it's raining and my second bicycle seat got stolen :(
wow,so fast finish all di?i think i won't be finish up on time :(
i went and fell asleep during flash gordon which was on after kong. i didnt even get to hear brian blessed's best lines :(
/via {{{{{too cute! but there was no sound. :( thanks!}}}}}
:(
i stayed up all night so you could pick me for number 6 #goldenticketbuddy. guess you'll never notice me :(
i hate when ppl fight.....especially when they have what i wish i had :(
lol i just followed but he is dead :( lol bhahaha rip!!!!
martin stopped sending me messages when i told him that i'm conversing with luigi. :(
jadiiii ? slesai mko kh mghfal? dag adamih :( coba baksonya udin? masih ad ato ndk?
pinaasa mo lang akoooo. :( haha pero ok lang. basta tell me if ever you come here omggg. :(
:( i'm going count the days until you return jushtinn
happy bday niino omq aunk no este's alwais ii remenber u (:	dond kierah q esteh's feliiciidadeh'z ii miss u so much :(
shucks, having a hole in my pocket now thanks to bro. :( have to treat him
missing my husband too much..can't sleep well at night :(
noooo :( really wish i recorded it though, but had no way to do it
yea tell me about it. there's never any scrims, just mlg playlist :(
udah...tp blum smbuh,, :( di adem sari aja...)rt sariawan ini membunuhku......ow..ow
guess what i've been doing all day??...i've been in my bed totallyyy not feeling well :( i hope your having fun..love you!
haha! all the usual suspects they put on tv during holidays. no such luck here. we get "herbie fully loaded" & "space jam" :(
aww i cant have u mad me for a joke... :-(
i'm sorry, babe... i was here. :(
mah pah cepet pulang dong :( ada yg mau di omongin huhuhuhuu
:( sad i'm debating on going with him to an easter bbq, i should just let our kids go with him while i stay home. its not the kids fault
sis brought cam out. i can't transfer photo to com = cannot update blog. :(
darn it! d: i forgot my sleeping shorts at home. :(
haha. bubble talk memang rock!!! but.. baby, baby, baby. oohh! :(
what's wrong baby girl? :(
ok putting on a movie to fall asleep to. nothing to do tomorrow :( boo. i wish i could go see my new baby "niece" who was born today!
sorry, dude! the cc guys are acting like arses... can't book :(
:( i'm sorry. i'm freaking out. he said he loved me too! did you hear it?! or am i dreaming?
easter..is easter..lol kinda boring.. :( how is yours?
omg! i crossed 6k tweets and didn't even notice. crap, no celebration for me. :(
hi there, just woke up too. looks like we missed some great sets... :( but some more yet to comee :) #trancefamily #asot #asot450
and he's crying like his heart is breaking :(
it's official, i'm the mad woman of ok bay. caught today with a paint brush (knocking caterpillar eggs off brassicas) & a butterfly net :-(
fuck me i hope the fish aren't dead :(
why did u sign out :(
no pc anymore :(
hope there's lunch? an all-day event without food would suck! how's the event, though? i couldn't make it thanks to a fever. :(
wishing i was at pixar exhibition in singapore with and :(
i put cocoa butter on it, but ima have another mark on my face :( what u getting into ?
spent most of the day thinking it was saturday and not friday. i even texted asking how her weekend was going :(
nbo: rain, rain, rain. we can't get enough of it. guess i won't be ridding the piki to much. plus i can't find my rain gear :(
aapt i emailed you three weeks ago and still waiting for a response & have been on hold for 30 minutes and counting #fail :-(
yo i'm od hungry tooo. my tummy is talkin. i want ihop :-(
i feel like crying! i still cannot believe i cannot use my right arm all the way :-( ugghhh i just want it back to normal
ohhh okayy thatss wassup i have no clue but it sounds dope haha but yahh i wantedd togo sooo baddd i waited for this day man :(
why baby? wats wrong?rt help me my slut... !! :(
~no fa real this hurts.. i need someone to come kiss my arm :-( ~
there are a ridiculous amount of people in the grocery store this early :(
capek.pol.need a hug badly :(
ahhh i should really go 2 sleep its almost 1 here ahhhh!!! and i have 2 wake up b4 12 tommarrowahh like 9!! and i probably wont be on :(
a week without is like hell d: , :(
still watching avatar..it's so hard to watch. i keep getting scared of what's gonna happen next :(
look who you have become. :(
: ( i lowkey feel the same
south chicago crackin <<< :-( supppaaaa salty i'm not there rite now!! blew my fuckin nite!
i haven't spoke to alday i miss her :-(
plane ticket to cincinnati....cancelled...lol...my tweetheart jus crushed my world :-(
i only did a 1/2 hour of p90x this morning trying to drag myself to do the other half in 3,2,1............... :(
oh nufffink :( you?
i think it's impossible to get to dm me ! :'( jb dming me is when the world stops turning ! :(
... :( well excuse me. i just didnt see yu replied to it.. i swear ima get one of those at ur school to beat on yu..
will you follow me? :(
was able to hold back tears at the airport. :( i'll miss my baby :(
it's already hitting me that i sang with bronchitis+laryngitis+tonsillitis. i'm hopped up on pain pills and my throat is still burnin :(
sowwy biggie! :( lol
i can't fall asleep :(
we in jersey baby :(
he thinks kasi na he's bothering us. eh hindi naman :(
my brothers winning :(
i can't sleep. my throat hurts so much. :(
work...? uggghhh whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy :(
sooo tired! i feel really depresed about not being in california any more :(
y jng boong donk nmny pcran.haha..rt wkwk , kga ! byk intel nya , klo nge boonk ketawan :( (cont)
my savings for the ipad have started meaning no modern warfare 2 and no xbox live :(
she's off :( (@jdandjbteam live on
i heard this kitten keep on meowing in the attic :( what should i do
i wish i was at ferry corsten :(
jo sie one is samsung corby i always wanted that :(
somehow it passes suddenly... hahahaha.. miss u.. :(
lol liseing to boys like girls and hailey in the shower......love him and miss him :(
hayley, reply me please :(
was just trying dry hump but he wasn't having it , damn :(
right now and i should be at #shameonyou sold out tickets in adelaide :(
quit teasin girl. i'm still waiting for my call :(
i'm sorry something so shitty happened to you :(
blah. feeling so absolutely crappy. i need a fucking drink. right :(
and she ain't reply back to my last msg lmao lmaoo talkin to from her jail cell... :(
the simpsons arcade app is on sale in the app store. why is everyone so against me sleeping? :(
thing are so complicated :(
i missed the #nt chic-fil-a summit today. :(
can you stop retweeting other people's tweet? and follow me back? i already followed you and ask you to follow back, but you ignored me! :(
ohh you ok? :(
can i not go to school on monday and tuesday and wednesday and thursday and friday :(
finished. i can't play ice skate!!!! :(
rm made me miss rob guy :(
wishing i didn't live in upstate ny, it's going to get real cold soon. :(
hahh kmu aku kira dsini jg :-( aku around.. di menteeng..rt at plaza indonesia. anyone around?
bein bored as shit and not sleepy with nowhere to go :-( #gradeabullshit
por que eu comecei a assistir "dying young"? :(
