hachiko was so sad :( it felt like i knew the dog d; omg i want a dog now :) watching drama now :) something legacy :$
having a massive headache :(
i miss my ping ping... :(
i don't think i'm gonna get a text :(
hey! i've been pretty busy lately. i have my band rehearsal today, so i won't return tilllate. :(
umm... wow .... srry found out something i didnt care to know. ugh man now i feel really akward. excuse me ill see u ppl l8er. wow :(
i hope so too :-(
kampret.. pusing cm krna macbeth ?? najong pusing nyari macbeth dmna ya? jrg bner dsni. kentut :( pusing
needs to tweet something, like soon! :(
i'm sorry :( i had to do stuff w/ family today and my mom hasn't unblocked my texting/calling yet so i couldn't get a hold of u
i'm so busy now :( you don't reply me.
i didn't get to meet you :(
:( sebel ahhh x-(
no me gusta :( lol in that piik. cuz u like it in otha ones. and good lol cuz i may need to borrow that
didn't moveee :( i have mad shit to do. moc trial and practice tomorrow. thanks for not knowing -_- smh
mee too got the same result.. :-( switched back to older version of orkut #fail x-(
this nigga look like len bias, post-death :( ---->
i don't know what i'd do if my parents die. :(
coldcoldcoldcold! :( snow go away.
im sorry :( if i get annoying you dont have to get my tweets haha
i'm sorry! :( i know the feeling, it very easy to get caught up doing fun stuff.. then there's never enough time to get things done
pleaae please please please please i'm begging u jasmine follow me please do follow me ---- its my chance :(
i love how i tell you how i feel and you decide to tear my heart out and dance on it :(
dilly! you didn't let me plan your wedding, so i guess i'll just plan your funeral :( lol jk jk
tell her i can't :( i'm on my iphone! i slept over my aunty's and her comp ain't working :( sowwiie
edddie doesn't have your numer! :( ask khai for it ahaha says eddie! :) it was fun, sd is beautiful!
ooo i look forward tobthem. since i missed the chat. :-(
we are all fans of jasmine...so why are we fighting?! i never did anything bad to you guys...plus, she never said anything bad about me! :(
who the hell is pointing at in those pics? (his barber. "why u do this to my head :(
will we ever get to see a p1 in practice from schumi this season? forget p1, it hasn't even been a p2 or p3 for him so far. :-(
#throwback i miss my hair color :( this was at a gemini party thrown by olive garden lol
no itunes or ipod i do /not/ want to listen to shove by angels and airwaves right now! :( fml
more michael cera *drools hot eh :(
i really think my phone is broken for good this time :( its not turning on
so sad niley fans can't love miley & her choice]. liam is a great respectful kind sweet guy. he makes her happy but to them its who wins :(
omg your sooooooo lucky :( did u actually talk 2 him??? xx im inlove with him... yet i have a bf ahha x
haha yeah wall-e hates him :(
u didn't turn up at sultan lounge last nite :( xoxoxo lazy saturday .... home sweet home..
i am so fucking hungry :(
dont say that, its not true :( dm me
i cant sleep :( im so excited
b.s.r <3
wtf is wrong with facebook? i cant log in :(
ugghh ! headache ! :(
ill grab that big ass lmfao!!!!!! is my prima.... and why do u wanna fight me?? : ( lmfao! i'll just grab ur boobs!
harusnya kaga balik yee :( hahaa..nah loh..nah loohh..rt liburannya di hantui ujian..
o.o :( i wish i could.. see it in personnn
we were at lilys.. we left though.. i have work :( and it was last minute :((
bear with me my machine has given up on me :(
stairway sounds cool man! naice! and u missed me out! :( grrrrr
why the fuck isnt my cam turning on? :(
i miss you? :(
i just remembered. :( for as much as i think nothing will surprise me i keep being surprised. if you are trying to keep me on my toes u win
i'm dying without you :(
because you think i'm bored. i'm happy to be here spending time with you, but obviously i haven't made that apparent to you. :(
#whydoistillhavefeelingsforyou ughhhhh not fair :(
*sigh* may as well go back to bed :(
im in this bed hungry :(
damnit! it lets me read your email but not type out a bloody message past the first line :( boo! i love the poem!!!
wew..hahah..lo hr ini kmn eve? gw lg otw les :(
 i bought a do the right thing lettermans jacket from flight club today . . . im happy :) that jacket is rare <= :(
exactly. last time i made one of these visits, i had to draw the uro-genital sysytem's organs as they couldn't understand a word. :(
lmbo hahahahaha....naw but for real. lmbo soooooo why don't you talk to me in person???....smh :-( sad face lol
i wna buy canon's powershot s90 , but its $749 :(
*cries* hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
i don't know what i'ddo if my parents die. :(
np: crazyman by jaded sun :(
mau ke 6 shs tapi pesimis nih :(
don't be mad at me :( you never tweet me!
