xtra workload to be done now :( gotta do it fasttttt
yes! , we have to make that happen... :( so sad ur gonna miss game night@amorefab oh and thanx for the pic compliment...#no manors
ahhh fuck i missed a new episode of #spartacus :(
do you notice me & ? i dont think so cause you havent followed us yett :(
your valentines day card came back to me :-( i don't understand, it's the same address i always mail you....sad
hiks, i missed my bestgirl valdya baraputri at metro tadi siang :( telat baca bbm group!
why? :(
im still extremely confused :(
thank you, ma'am =) sucky friday :( but so glad 2 see u all here now! >> hope your day gets better soon!
wah...?? postpone until july ah? :(
yeah :( but the res of its really good.
hey man!i can't freakin sleep,sunburn kills,check your phone, reply punk!love u! you're a saint! but i think you hate me :(
don't start, man. try not having a car :( pics tomorrow. 'cause it's happening.
please follow me, i will scream so loud if you do ! but i don't think you will see this tweet :(
i need the boy to wake up so i can vent to him :(
wish it called me accidentally :(
i don't want to get up for work yet :(
i know :(
woke up with a swollen throat :( i barely can open ma mouth w/o it hurtin :'( cnt wait to tha doctor in a few hrs
:(
stop it :(
noah hates me :(
my grandma died of cancer(her 3rd cancer battle), and my family got ripped apart :(
:( i got 32 staring at me.. but id rather be at yr house its weird not being able to tlk adter we say night
thinks the family yeterday were better more passion..today they just want to increase tweets :(
ap lo tawa2!!! huh :( ahahahhahaha.. taeeee profile pic u (cont)
off to town with and nao, so so sorry :(
lots of things to do today... i don't have the choice, i need to leave my computer until tonight... this day will be long, very long... :(
far i am sooooo jealous of shes like super pretty, shes close to justin bieber the love of my life :(
ate my sushi too fast now my tummy hurts :(
blm :( wk kalo how to train your dragon udah? iyaa :) mau nonton hachiko dek? haha
lol u did ! but doo it again i clicked the wrong thing :(
my heart is hurting! :(
man!i can't freakin sleep, sunburn kills,check your phone, reply punk!love u! you're a saint! but i think you hate me :(
somebody.. plis ping me or buzz me or call me .. so bored in here :(
my husband's head hardly hits the pillow and he is asleep! me, it takes over an hour :( #drivesmenuts
off to the bed...i will try to catch some sleep after this :(
i wish! :( i hope you're enjoying yourself here in the states! haa should have hung around!
come back to california!! :(
your videos are not working on youtube :(
i sooooo dont wanna get up early to go to work :(
nope :( :( i didn't even get my red velvet! i kinda feel like it was a better idea to stay at school for the weekend
omgee.im goin crazy hes still in there :(
im trying to avoid you , but i really miss you :(
i'm loving all the birthday love i'm getting on facebook! :) what's up with twitter? :(
1 follower unfollowed me :(
ohhh no i dont like fighting movies. lol. when are u guys leaving ssauga tho? or hv u already gone. :(
sum kinda frozen yogurt or something.... :-(
im upset. smhh & shit nevaa failss :(
last night here in kelowna, all my stuff is almost all packed up, gonna be really sad to leave tomorrow :(
it was str8! word most of it tho! :( welll 9-4 lol
yeah. and he has all 350 mb dvdrips :(
pics w/ smiling husbands and kids :( makes me want to run to mass.
aww it's the old gang <3 sucks something like this brought us together again :(
damn now i cant finish off my poster cause the printer decides to be a bitch and run out of ink :(
bored :( and i followed hopes she'll follow back ;)
it's kind of sad that i have to start thinking about this again, but i really need to get crackin' on all my hw.. break's almost over :(
yikes! poor her too. :(
sama :( ayo dong naek followers gw,hohoho.
madddii! i miss you sister. :( i got you a present today! i hope you like it!(: whose dog?
wow its pretty messed up how sticking up for one of ure best friends makes u the bad person. :(
-.- you're really not gonna tell me. :(
oh no! my stomache dont feel good either :(
:( nasib badan! have fun at the birthday bash later!! any theme?
not good at all :( if i unplug the laptop, it will shut off :(
nope. cant :(
awww :( *hands you an e-easter egg*
hmmm....weres my boo....@mariawhitsett <= i'm still here boo... i've been sick all day... still feel like crap :-(
annoyed :(
so what is the deal with you guys going on tour? i go every year & can't find out anything about a tour for this season :(
nobody is online :(
aah nao sei tocar violão :(
fyi-when you hang out with your caucasian brothers and sisters your bound to take part and yager shots...... : (
tiket pitbull pleaseee!!!!! :(
q:sucks. we cant add u on facebook :( a:lol why not?
i'm not rude :(
yeah :(
.@othermadman i don't know about that... i think it's more likely the migraine i've had all day. :(
you missed it. tweedy showed up and they turned the cafe into an acoustic show. it was unbelievable. then my balls exploded :(
oh my gosh! i am so so sorry. u don't have to talk about it, i know it's gonna make u sad. don't remember. :(
feeling mad sad/depressed for some reason.. :( <- whats wrong hun?
zzz, i want smack phone already. why cannot send sms out de :(
tell me about it early starts and late finishes :-( all work work work
i'm sooo bored fml right now :(
u suck so much tonight. been waiting for this train to leave pen for an hour i could have walked to floral park by now :(
though my eyes are so freakin heavy, my head won't stop so i can even attempt sleep...... gah, insomnia's a bitch!!!! :(
good night er'body. got to get up early for work tomorrow. :(
oh i knew about julian; but not the strokes. or maybe i did, i'm not sure. i haven't listened to triple j much of late :( ha
#menonton jens lekman you are the light....pengen ada dia lagiii....full set please :(
i've been badly despressed for almost a week now. i have no idea what's wrong or how to make things better.... :(
ikr :-( i feel like i cnt roll over cuz if i do ill roll on u, lol
mampuss, gue laper stgh mati.. plis bgt bangun donggg! anter beli makann :( :(
aww she was crying :(
aw fuck.. im missin out tonight.. :( freakin aye..
back is killin :(
my neices and nephew are leaving in the morning...this week went by wayyyy too fast! :(
fine...i'll always have the twitpics!! :( beard rip...
rt:@moneymakinike im dead bout 2 cry now :( << y
im sooooooooooooo tired :( work is gonna be annoying being so tired!
oh no :( where did you two go?
awe. i want to come back plz. :( no me gusta missing my favorite!
just realized the time yeah looks like no go go lounge for me tonight :(
:( well i still love you
ok so i got 40 ?s still sitting in the inbox but i'm gonna have to stop for now :( i'm sowwy.. have somewhere to be soon.
any idea where they got it? i've seen a leaked beta but it won't install :(
tenerife today...way too early for my liking. had to get up at 3am..... :(
feeling mad sad/depressed for some reason.. :(
raining when i'm abt to swim... :(
saporra de twitter , me bloquiou :(
r u a comp geek? (btw bertos qun "squeeze me" & yu don't defend me) smh! i thought u was my new friend :( ; noooo!
fuck you allergies and dirt and stuff!!! where's my benadryl?!?! :(
lmfaoooooo!! i just spit out my mucho mango tea. :( you owe me a dollah.
raining heavily here woodlands. dont feel like going out :(
anyone want my allergy? free for you. :(
i miss you so much :( does that get a tweet back??
this guy has huge 3rd degree burns, well over mortality threshold. that is so sad. he has a fiance :(
its normal,, right? but i miss him :(
had a great time at the pool party w/everyone there. although i have booboos :( but it was all worth it, hehee. i need more days like this!
def won't be in line for an ipad tomorrow...i just found out...no camera, 1 app usage at a time and no flash on the internet browser... :-(
i had captin morgan tho :( but it gone so now im sad
the whether is so bloody nice today but i am stuck at work. :( aiyo
i love my boyf, but sometime i feel guilty, like i'm cheating on him just by letting you hug me. :(
di telp donkkrt miss someone who really know n care about me,,feels lonely :(
dari tadi belon nemu bule cakep :(
please pray for my daddys speedy recovery! :(
i have almost 200 pending requests... i try to spot the real friends :(
no it doesn't! i be a granny at times :( dang errbody is out tonight, i guess that makes me super lame.
i just wanna hug her :-(
hey how do you get celebrity to follow you so easily ? :(
