think i've got a migraine coming on :(
walmart sucks because they will carry twilight & its ilk but not books. :(
les mis.... i wish there was no one here at the desk, but no there are ping pong players :(
sometimes i miss my hunniebun :(
i gots not glow, z :(
i'm full. and bored. and missing him like crazy. :(
awww :( :( did ur dentist call you karina or katrina . im good :) thanks for the ff.<3
adding video to whrrl check-ins is not on our immediate list of to-dos perhaps later in the year. but no promises. :(
went to a party and it got cancelled so we came back to my friends for a drink :( x
i feel like crying. i just got my laptop back and this shit comes up and i have no idea what the fuck it is. it won't work :(
i feel used... :(
oh my god!! someone just walked up my drive knocked on the door and then dissappeared. :/ now i definitely can't sleep. :(
ah, im trying stay good,my friend will stay off in 1 month or more,and im sad :( but i will stay good ;)
"why did i get married too" is sold out everywhere :(
fuck. there go my plans for the night. friend in crisis=going to see them at the hospital. sorry, guys. not sure when i'll be back. :(
:( i really wish i could help. have you got a date for the womb scan or any news from the doctor?
so just as i was about to record my contest vid, there's a knock at the door....ughhhh! i hope i get to record it today :(
everytime #ff comes i lose followers, :(
thanks for the bok choy recipe, just might try it! veggies :(
can u guys plz follow my personal acc-->jamicaluvzu plz plz plz! it only has 25 followrs :(
i feel like a roasted marshmallow :(
tears tears go away and please dont come back another day.. :(
i'm like a delicate flower. :( how i survived two japanese summers is a mystery, i get sun sick at the drop of a hat.
sometimes, all things gotta come to an end! :( goodbye my "fairy tale"
:o not even they are so scary, they look like they wanna hurt me when i see em :( im scared of them lmffao
you have to go!! omg!!!!!! its your chance! i'm going to the nj one though :(
wish i had an employer like you...... :(
i get really bad seperation anxiety when i'm not with you :(
twice the lightning have just knocked the puck into their own net... poor smith, he looks so emo :(
haha your lucky it's summer for you... we have summer during christmas and new years so we don't have white christmas's :(
ughhh i can't i wanna go back to our concert :(
back from runnin in the rain, prob not the best decision since i'm soaked :( but oooh well.
aaaw saira you didnt? :( ....im alright thanks haha xx
shutup alysssssa :( thanks for laughing at my clutsyness, even though its really not funny
what timeee? im trying so hard to finish this book :( i have less than 80 pages.. lol
waiting on ma cuz 2 cum wid har car :( am hungry
i'm not rebellious enough to drive from tha7ya to janoub surra! :(
yeah seems like everyhing has died down now booo :(
so, i totally wanna hang out with someone, but i know that's not gonna happen.. :(
you didn't get my pic?? btw so sad that he passed away :(
awww im so sorry:( he's so cute:( i will pray for him. :-(
ngapain un? kan sabtu..rt otw to office,,bloody office!!! :(
i'm trying to find a movie to see tonight, but nothing looks good :(
no love for dubb today i guess it's jus 2 hot outside for anybody to mess wit me.... :( <so spoiled.
rand motel is gone!!!!!!!!!!! fuckkkkkkkkk :(
so i had a craving for chocolate and a grabbed a big spoon and i started to eat chocolate frosting..now my tummy hurts :(
foursquare is not posting check-ins on twitter :-(
i hate that i'm loving new moon :( and i'm loving jacob.
aww okay :) im alright, bit tired tho! :( xxx
if your under 16 you need to be with an 18 year old :( x
finished playin horse with dodger got out while we were playin n we had to chase him dwn the street he almost got hit by a truck :(
first ukrops stores to close tomorrow :( martins giftcard giveaway soon!: just a reminder…
so much for trying to go c why did i get married too : (

spelwoman 08
that's crazy so no long weekend for you :(
i wanna see why did i get married too :(
yes omg fudge he is 10 and he is stronger :( he might take my
phone away he is beating me up :(
oh there's no convicing mine :-( i want to do at least 1 arm in tattoos (sleeve)but he won't go for that either :-(
i cant go to the link im on my phone :(
i have the worst luck! :(
i may have to go back to #xbox360 #ps3 just ain't satisfying :(
what happens if he dont see it :(
oh man :-( imma go tomoro dammit why did i get married too is sold out for the (cont)
no, i'm afraid i haven't been introduced to that one. :-(
its a gloomy day here in michigan. :( ........ thinking of what to do for srping break, maybe the kalahari in sandusky :)
lol thanks! only was trying to make you laugh :( haha jokes i fully knew it was deaad :) :) dead ones make me laugh the most!
john forsythe, dead at 92, best known for blake carrington and the voice of charlie on charlie's angels. :-( rip
wanted to see #whydidigetmarriedtoo tonight but i guess i'll have to wait until tomorrow :(
no jury duty next week either? oh well :(
