haha, i fell rollerblading 2day and i cut my arm, from my wrist to my elbow. damn rocks :( it hurt a lot too.
you kno me soo well! but no :( i'm at the park with my lovee its so nice out
im starting to miss people already :(
i know i know. i have enough trouble getting motivated to cook as it is, nevermind creating thingy-shaped food :(
whoops! embarrassing mistake! we accidentally re-sent invoices for past payments to some customers. :( you're not being charged.
messed up i almost broke my legg :(
hope the hawks can keep it competitive for the entire game against the cavs tonight! meetin' up with the girls.. will miss the 2nd half :(
my boo boosh had to go to the doc today! :(
they said not right now :-(
i know :( *criesss*
for a second i thought your tweet's growl alert from was from 's ds widget :(
i wish i could wear slippers instead of heels all the damn time... #imjealous :-(
whyyyyy???? :-( its 50 suttin pa!! that's straight ugg weather on my sides.
:( :( please poppa t?
yea i kno :(
aaha ikr! but it must be hard cause so many people are still stealing her pictures. and the uk fails :(
i don't :( sounds hard tho
josephsephph, come to brazil now please?! :( i need see you and your bros. i love you soooo much! :)
uhhh , i don't feel good :-( uggggggghhhh
i feel like there arent many really true justin fans anymore.. :(
i go back to school on the 12th, nooooooo! :(
have to fly out tomorrow night instead :(
i hope you know that twitter tried to keep us apart, wifey :( it said "user does not exist" and i paniced thinking i'd lost you!
jitak yee!! :( mmmm,, *mikir* tp jng sampe tau yak,, huahaha (cont)
ur right. i'm sorry :( i wanted to go too! but i had maypops :/ next time!
:( its fine sha.. as long as i get some of those goodies i'll be all set!!!
just got out of the doctor, virual infection and swollen lymph nodes and glands..still have the fever. just took all the drugs. :(
nick carter is engaged.. a part of my 8 year old self just died. :(
i'm so depressed without my phone :(
oh well i lose my appetite! i don't feel like want to get out. i just wanna stay and s-l-e-e-p!! saturday = mean! :(
tito you don't love me any more ? :(
is still at the rec. texted hella peeps n only came! n now he's gone :( lol
on my way homee. not feeling so hot :(
holy shit..twiter is turning into a 4square posting site :(
ok but i miss you alot -cannon's voice :(
i'm going to miss & ya'll drive carefully. :( << thankss
omg. trying to find mom. ughh. my feet hurt :(
dear summer, i hate you. (via < this will be me in roughly 3-4 months time, urgh :(
wtf u went to ny and didnt take me :(
i feel like there arent many really true justin fans anymore.. :(
foooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooome :(
miss u soooooo much :( :( :(
whoever keeps texting me, please stop :( i have no idea what you are sayingggggggg. :(
yea :(
i miss my music..... :(
so, i'm stuck at 129 followers :(
i am taking a break from wow, my guild is not really progressing pass the blood wing and i've kinda lost the motivation :(
i'm so depressed without my phone :(
heya champion. livin busy & workin hard. but, poor diet & lack of exercise is def not good :(
havnt tweeted in a long long time :(
i told you i didn't want to tell you :(
clarence just killed a huge bug that looked like it came from africa! #nocameraphonefail :(
ohhh :( :( .. ahh we will get u one ;)
i've had a few of dem, trust me, today was no exception :(
i wanna come watch.. :-(
:( very low!!!! :/ haters suck!!!!
oh ups how i hate you. updated delivery date was today but no order :( i want my toys! what a tease!
i couldn't it was too dark :( sowwy
why not. :(
i need more followers. :( shoutout for shoutout?
awww no! failed his exam, no more tour :(
sleepy and cold despite wearing a turtleneck and ski jacket. hmmm might be getting sick :(
damn! i sent mine within 3 seconds! im heartbroken now :(
lack sleep again :( -- you're not alone ate. hehe. :( eyebagssssss.....
noooooooooo not the cute little kid!!!!!!! in my head he was jack's protege. :(
yeahh friendss... they don't matter anymoree :(
:-(
thats really stupid :( well we'll get you your followers back, you can be sure of that ;)
last year in december 2009, my mak long at batam passed away.. less than 4months later, her hubby passed away which yesterday.. :(
thinking n dreaming of u even though u r not mine :(
:( unfortunately not.
lol! so no work for you this weekend then?? sadly i have to work tomorrow :-(
aiden will be with orangegurl :-(
say ya'll follow she copp shoes (jays) like its n10, she don't know we in the recession.. :( lol follow her asap
i feel like there arent many really true justin fans anymore.. :(
fcuuuk, my left cartillage closed! :(
getting ice cream and now i really want saturday back because i remember coldstone...i miss sooooooooooo much :( <3 <3 <3
this song makes me cry :(
i know :( damn you simon for living wherever you do!
off to bed such a busy day tomorrow what with lying in bed all day :( got to be done hahaha
omg fa real yall my head hurts :(
i'm on my ipod xd i want an iphone though :(
lol okay i'm off dork!! tty idk when :( </3
when i got up my phone was lying on th floor!!!! :( fuck it heartpain i don't want t drop my phone anymore.....
um, cuz sadly i had to work on my desktop today :(
no! why my monsters are losing followers? :( follow em back!!!! ;d make ur monster family grow
:( i have to wait until 12 to refill my cooler
actually....it isnt :( sorry man...
you live where neighbours was filmed. man i miss that show. :(
aw.. you're just rubbing it in my face now :( lol. how much did you get it for
i feel so bad for alex & aleman :( that had to be terrifying.
doh! premature tweet. little sumpin' is one of my favs. great balance with malt to hops. does not age well at all though. :(
naked?! and i'm not invited? :(
are yu ever home anymore :( sometimess , why wha happend babe ?
shut up! u kno i love disney...but i dont have it :-(
weird! suddenly my bbm applications is gone.... what should i do?? :(
so is here during the time when i dont have money :( and i want some stuff done.....
me too boo :(
just got a pair of nudie jeans... it's gonna take forever to fade them :(
ok 4gt the 5 tweeets i'm 2 tired goodnight everyone i gots work at 7:30 boo hoo :(
back home didn't make it to the cinema! :-( was in lewisham at 12.10am movie started at 11.40pm you do the maths! hands are frozen!
see you didn't invite me lani its all love tho :-(
would def love to accompany you but i def have to be back in work at 11 :( #blow
if i were la but i'm not :(
i am working too :(
id bring him to the meeting.. but he cant sit still :(
i wish i could go to dc :(
i'm so depressed without my phone :( // i hate that "disconnected from evrybody" feeling
i wanna know if you still love brazil, tito. you don't give us a hug #poppatstyle :(
can u guys plz follow my personal acc-->@jamicaluvzu plz plz plz! it only has 25 followrs :(
i'm not ready yet because i don't have any duets :( #perfectharmony
about to wrap up in my lovely comfy bed ahhhhhh lol x<luky 4 sum<npe nt wen i'm alone :(
wishin i was at the casper event center right now :(
somebody stole my flowers ,wtf :-(
i worked of course. oop php = not teh fun :(
it's 1am :( i don't want to get out of bed :( i don't think we have any biscuits(!!! what kind of a household is this?!)
phone is dead, and will be all day :(
stay with me :(
today is my monday :( its friday and im off!! lets get on 75
shucks.. was goin to the movies for free tomorrow but now i have to pay now : ( ... ay im broke.... : /
ugh, passover means no muffin on my break!!!!! fmlllll :( i want my carbs
i feel bad for everyone who broke down on the grapevine :( that's suuuucccckkkkssss!
i am going to sign up :) i just have to decide with who :( don't want to hurt anyone's feelings.
angela's in austin this weekend! wish i was there too :( miss you!
i'm sorry to hear that :-(
#damn :( madd youngg, lol, u hit that stage around that time
