morning!!! do u still have the fanmail and teddy i gave you? miss you :( hope ur okay..much love xxxxxx
people are sooo rude on twitter in their lil topics. :-(
will do!think you can send me your phone# in a message?i forgot i didn't get all my #'s from the old broken phone onto this 1. :(
:midgetsizedjimmyhat now the image wont leave my brain :(
-text- :( ditto :(
i had to open the fridge, emphasis on had, i was fucking starvin ! but i may have ruined my easter surprise tho :-(
finally going to sleep.. its gonna be a long day tomoro! :( hope i make it to the bank before it closes!!! lol
.. i just found a big ass spider in my pajama pants!!!!!!! :( ewwwwwwwww!!
just one people helped me to get my 22 unfollowers back :( but i didn't get any new followers ;(
im all goods ^^. omgosh, haven't spoken to you in yonks! :(
uqqh. i'm hunqriee aqain. :( =/
mr science and mrs maths both hate me. :( :( :(
lol ;; whateverrrrrr .. iim sleepyyy :( itss past my bedtimee .
damn the convo got serious...omg...i'm blown...not in a good way tho :(
i can't on monday, i'm going back to melb then. :(
i want them too :(
2 little posters short from filling my wall !!! :(
:( sorry i missed your im. no, i haven't started yet.. i'm not looking forward to it..
meeee tooo :(
rudeness! i need to stop putting off buying my tickets to artsscene events…

sold out == :(

http://albertaballet.eventbrite.com/
cosmo bowling with the entire #polish crew, loves it! even if i am bowling at 55 right now :( hahahah
well time better be made when i come home kuz i only get a month at home :-(
fainting spells suck :(
lol me either : (
so unbelievably sad.. do not read at work, it is very teary. :( lee mcqueen... what an amazing artist and human being.
i am so fucking bored right about now :(
jasmine! ;((( reply to me please or just dm me :(
i can't they hate me :(
:( youwouldhavehadfun.
not a great deal, but sadly the other parties are making them look re-electable :-(
boring day :(
iam still crying over my lost chicken #ripchicken i think it is dead :(
i'm getting scared now :(
awww my phone died n he thinks i'm bein funny. i miss him. :(
he's gone. again :(
:( i think of you and wonder if you ever think of me? :(:
oh gosh, get emotional.. second time crying today from watching tv. first house, then this movie. ahaha, so sad :(
in kang-neung (beach) with mia. such a lovely day! & mia is eating too much :(
yea n poor ol me was cold :(
udh follow back lg blm??hahart hufft mamah cocok pake dok.titi bagus bgt,saya tidak...rasmia again :(
richmond canada or richmond california? you're going to both, right? why is it "vanadam" if it's not in vancouver :( /stupid
hi arshad, i really like u as an actor.so underrated, any news of the release of zamaanat? :-( was awaiting4it so much.
i just realized i didn't text vicky at all today! :o :(
haha! your soo close 2 being 30! o.o i miss the amanda show! :(
my baby is sick! she threw up twice today :( (my pup)
:( i found it before she added the note to it so i hope mine counted! i forgot to use a coupon :s
sis eff you yo ass don`t be paying attention too me no more a nigga ddnt even get a #ff smh :( .
shut the fuck up. dont say you jelous if someone love me if you dont love me :( !«*womp womp*
i'm worried cause i'm not in a fantastic mood today. pms + not enough sleep = grumpy, restless and moody :(
only for myself...and dj'ing...for myself... :-( i throw a mean party for one! ;-)
:( idk. she has a lot of fans so......
lol ok cool i haven't made it there yet :(
killer cheat pains. haven't had them in a while :( these are the worst ones i've ever had. i wanna cry.
oh here too three hours power cut :(
woken up in the middle of the night at the thought of the beautiful woman i am missing. :-(
i'm not ur friend :(
because of the way you went about it. you really hurt my feelings :(
i cant go out. m not exactly in good terms w/my parents now. :(
its 3.10 >_> i doubt he'll get on :(
i'm so sorry :( i'm in a tank top and jeans and can't crontol it. i love him and you know it!
nice weather to b in bed. but caught in traffic jam instead :(
theyfound some kinda exploit, i have to got thru every race, and do some weird shit at the end. i keep forgetting to do it :(
when is justin bieber gonna visit dubai?! his fans are dying to see him. :| and im one of 'em. :(
sad bananas! i would have come but i've been down for the count and ill. sorry, darlin' :-( i hope you have a blast!!
i had a dream that paul mccartney got assassinated :(
