lawzzz
forgot to give savannah to justinnne
now i don't get my g-funkk :(
i hit my knee on a brick wall
thx chrytler 300
kick her ass out!! her && her friend!!!-lol!! how rude nee nee :(
get home safely sis!rt great, sunny day in the park to dead battery riding in a tow truck and its my fault for rushing :-( o
go away buchi! lol o dats 2far u cudnt get an earlier flight :( hey baybay!i'd be in at noon :)
oh no...the other day was my first time. i guess i am the copycat :( ....but we lied
mmm... all sound good! i have a heavy, sore head and a scratchy throat :( fix me!
i don't want vegeatbles
i want pizza :( stupid life
is back in scotland :( sad times! i'm freezing... x
ain que triste :(
how can u b at da lub and bored stiff. . . . . . want my baby :-(
y'all need to stop fighting on twitter , it's not funny :( lmaooo y'all shud make fun of each other yayy
:( :( i want my boyfriend like really bad.
ya me 2 but ders just no hope 4 sum ppl :( smh
great, my best friend puked in my car!! ughh it smells!!! :( no good!
u went out and didnt invite :( beer garden w. my honey jen muahhhh*
ok soo the number of views on one of ur pics on twitpic is sooo not true ...its mean :( apparently i have 20 views for a pic i just uploaded
when will you do one in chennai? :(
noooooooooooooo i was havin fun mommy go out for a drink pleasez or sumthin!!!!!!!!!!!!! :( *worried* ahhaahahahahahah!!!!!!!!! :)
oh ok..good! but i know he wont date me.. he doesn't even know that i exist in this world :( (@jdandjbteam live on
whats white and bobs up and down inside a baby;s crib ? a pedophiles ass. this makes me sick to my stomach. :(
i think i got a crush on lol hes cute i wish he would follow me but he probably wont cause im not pretty enough :(
:( on the bright side, i'm seen all of those ppl so many times. and it's the same bs. lol
april's fool (2008) just ended :(
i wanna be forever young, but just can't :( yeah satu lg yg abadi t_t i'm tired being 'foreva young'
cannot get motivated to work today :(
i called at least a gazillion times and he didn't even call back/ answer!! :( pfft.
why? i hate myself so much :(
yoeeh..hihi get well soon yanskooyy ianthefatboy: gw yg msh sakit :( udh (cont)
just jamming to girlfriend by avril lavigne! bored :(
nobodys up to entertain me.. :(
i didn't get any at south st :(
just had a dream me and my family were in the titanic :(
you need to do it...for my sake. :( i want a nutella cupcake too.
not really, was unable to do so as had a few clients come over, did sift thro some material, so hfata do it before 5pm today :(
well goodmorning twitter. :) i am up early cause i cant sleep lol :(
i miss my classmates :(
ima cry :(
we was so close we cost ourselves but the umpires cost us too. but we scared them! round 1 grand final wannabe braggers
my body is exhaaauuusted :(
hope i get sleep tonight. gonna be a looong emotional tomorrow. :-(
i know, i woke up and wished it was : (
and apparently didn't care to, from the sound of it. :( i don't understand women like that. the child came from your womb, ffs!
apartment hunting for my dad... some random guy crashed into his motorhome leaving him homeless :(
i mess pierce the veil :( next time
nick...you're awesome & such an inspiration! :) you missed my birthday... :(
back home from disney : ( had such an amazing time...it felt so good to be a kid again for a week!!
omg can u pls follow me i've been trying 4 like an hour or 2 pls follow me :(
i really am confuzed about diz situation...idk wat imma do :(
kangen mau ketemu, but it seems pretty impossible :(
half an hour and i'm no longer a teen :(
i'm not that tired anymore. happens everytime he leaves :(
just watched valentines day..... just wasted 110 mins of my life :(
bye guys!!!! wish can write me:!! which i know is impossible :( ... i am going to his concert in july...!!!
photo: littlemissdorkette: this part was sad :(
haha but if my house has a termite infestation, i'm homeless :(
but im 2 states away. . . carless :(
all my horoscope said my emotions will be out of control today! might not be a nice day! :(
ask me anything here . please . im bored :( www.formspring.me/ainurqistina
i miss you lots :(
will you follow me before go to bed? pleaseee :(
u should ve here! lame. i wish you were here!!! :( decided to stay in tonight... got the apt to myself
you started it ! :-( are u coming to my show tomorrow ? or u gonna be on lockdown ?
no :( i had beer
if elliot or olivia ever do die...i think i will too... <same!! i wouldn't be able to handle it!! :-(
i wish i had money :( omg do not go to walmarttt buzzed w look at this shit. hahaha i convinced him to buy cod!
tidak apa apa hahaha maaf karena sdh plg trlalu cepat :(
it's true for everyone. :(
irvinnn donde estasss? donde andas ? te xtrañooo :(
holidays are so boring :( wish i was allowed to go out with courtney and alice today :(
adfsdfg afwtrefdgh afgftfwegdtf adfdsgd, agdgsfgadfs :(
it ran out of charge too. sorry :( i will go find mrs ward i guess ?
i'll be your crying shoulder... :(
i wish wiz khalifa wud replie bak to my tweets :( no homo
ottallt grabbwd my ipod touch hoppinh it was my phne to set my alarm for 2morw morn but sadly its not an iphoone :( damn ha
taking my baby to the vet tomorrow :(
blum smbuh say ? :( ga mood gara" sariawan huu :[ makan dong :s uwaw uwaw saya laparr :o
omg. i watched that tonight too. i laughed when she said "i can't sing". but then it got all sorts of awful & sad. :(
3 till 300 and i can't get there!!!!!!!! :(
shit, i would've killed to see that :( haven't seen him play since january in the australian open. i vow to watch the miami finals!!
im sorry :( i couldnt go i had to help clean my house :( hopefully another time u come up to sydney
omfg another concert tomorow =_= ugh. i wanted to party :(
i love this drink! but it gives me a sore throat :(
i want my free ipad #websdotcom so muchh!!! :( cmon give thi girl a chance...
ugh.! i cnt fuckin sleep, my entire body is aching :-(
please baby =( te extraño un monton lo sabias? :( reportate pronto! :'(
i had a dream that dr. horrible 2 was out. i wish dr. horrible 2 was out. :(
my apps aren't working right :( email & text is delayed; twitter is weird; not sure yet maybe palm pre
just got home from tennis! scc played at green river. we left school at 11:30 and have been there since :( but, i'm so ready for bed!!!
andy is going to college :-( ♫
wow you're right... i'm slipping bad. all work and no play make kaji a lame boy :-(
mw ngrjain tgs mls bgt,,,,, :(
i made it home yall...now i want cookout :(
im studying english now... hmmmmm difficult... :(
goin out of my f'n mind, gotta get and replacement asap i hate lonely nites :(
no :( well now i do..
mengurus 2 adikku yg sakit..aduhh jd kuatir liat kalian bdua ga mo makan :( cpt sembuh yaa sayang...
lol nevermind i remember now :( <again
awww :( so any eta for it?
youtube is down :(
tomorrows my last full day in florida. gettin up sunday and leaving :( i feel like a for serious might cry thinking about it.
woke up sweating. gross. wtf? :(
i'm a bored kid.. who desperately needs to study and do her paper.. comanal and tredtri, i hate you too much! :(
at least youv had sun we'v just had rain all day no fair :(
i am so sleepy. :(
it's okay. aw :( i need to sleep but i'm not tired.
thanks :( im proud of it:)
just wanna know if we got the new gcs loaded? and also is ur kiddie ok? :(
wants to go shopping :( will see after seeing uncle at hospital. atm, waiting to be nitro-ed to remove alien frm the jari ;p lol.
i tried to talk to you :(
crossword puzzles are not for me :(
you be trynna hurt my feeling :( lol
after 2nite im nevuh drinkn again. my laptop is gone. i have no music, njo beats no reason 4. no family vids or nudie pics of peeps :-( phuk
my knee is still sore! hurt it from dancing :(
i can't wait to miss easter egg hunting tmro :(
haha, it's uneven. :( i re-did it! &you better be safe out there! i love you.
a 15-year-old irish immigrant was bullied so bad she hung herself :-(
april's fool (2008) just ended :(
snap! so she has the keys because...?? :(
so much plastic surgery and heidi still has stupid written all over her :(
good knock yesterday against rcb.. typical yuvi way.. really ejoyed it but unfortunately kxip lost :-( ...
thinkinqq bouh makinq a decision &+ i think its best even doe ima be sad :(
jdi pingin zupanya :( having saturday lunch at atmosphere with b♥ and my lovely family ✗o✗o
my mom won't let me come to the richmond center tomorrow :( and i didn't go to metrotown the last time you were here. i'm upset
that's a little bit pitty :(
you and me both! :(
:( i vomited 2 times already, not feeling much better :(
:( ive dealt with it all my life im just hoping can go trough more drama haha
awww, very sad indeed. :( i've been watching digimon all over again on youtube. xd
has no power at her house ! :(
