wish would notice this and follow me. guess it'll never be noticed :(
damn! #jealous... i'm supposed to be in vegas with him and his family right now... :(
one day of the long weekend over :(
why aren't you coming here.. :(
:( don't do
that
im getting forgotten about :( notta good sign. goodnight sarahb-eeeeeeeee
i have to be up in like four hours :(
so im going to get some cornrows, and i'm really indecisive about what color beads to get :(
i can not wait anymore :(
tweet ku gapernah di bales deh huhuh :(
sore back :( << that probably mean u sore in another place aswell :)
jus got back from auburn ! ughh , so irritated right now :(
awww now im crying...sad movie :(
yeee .. diedit :(
ga bisa! :( the key to relieve your stress&stuck:tell somebody! someone u can trust or someone who knows it better
:( i really miss my grandpa right now. wish we could have one of our good talks. :(
i wish my shoes wer sparklierr :(
why yall follow me? yall never talk to me : ( #ontweet
upiiiiiiiiiiil! where are you? :( :(
why??? :(
sekarang jangan mention ke si yaa :( dia sudah wafat ! :( mention nya ke si :)
mi grampa esta en el hospital is what happend. :(
i so wanna download escape the fates new video clip but i cant because i cant download anything :(
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
that really just hurt my feelings!!! :( <-- talkin bout what i said
break me off a piece of that kit kat bar! fck now i want one :(
you'll learn that that won' work the same way we did :( casual gamers don't give a shit about competitive gaming :(
home alone on a friday night :( really need to figure out what i'm going to do an where i'm going to go from here...
im the worst boyfriend ever! omg.. :(
i was almost going to switch the fan on which was already on. this heat, i can't stand.... :(
1 hour 10 minutes :(
come back anytime and stay with me! love youuuu i'm jealous :(
wow. i'm going to be up all night transfering music from my ipod to my pc. :(
udh jalan tuh;p ah pelit mw ituuut :( nda ah;p ituuutt ayodong please jd
frostwire wont dwnload & limewiree wont delete! : (
but if i don't curse i would die :(
me and my doggy who passed today :( i love you so much. please don't forget that
now i really wish i went :( oh well ill see you in 57 days (: #faberdrive
home alone :( i miss my roomie!!!!
i hate looking at the rearview mirror. it makes it seem like you're leaving everything behind :-(
i wishh i was on skype. :s or anything close to youu. :( i havent eaten anything in awhile..it suckks i guess.
you're leaving so soon? :(
:(((( kate.. i had over half of it done.. it took 4 hours! :( its a dell.
i miss you already. :(
cakee factoryy ; which i umfortumatley do not have a ticket to get into :-( grr lmao.
i dont have a lover :(
okay, it didnt work. it keeps freezing and like... dying. :(
i miss you twos!! : (
ooohhh lol ok...i'm sry about that i'm trying to get it fixed :(
ai to com sono :(
qual? :(
jus woke up from a nap, ehh damn. friday nite wasted. :-(
nothing i'm bored ... no one is giving me attention :(
who stole zechy from me tonight?? :(
thinkinn' ; if i dont answer i'm knocked ! my diary has been m.i.a on me :( ithink ineed a new one :(
if was dating my sister, i wouldn't have a family anymore, cause i'd kill my sister and then my mommy would hate me :( lol
wheres my follow back? :( congrats wit that agency interview and goodluck :)
if was dating my sister, i wouldn't have a family anymore, cause i'd kill my sister and then my mommy would hate me :( lol
o'shane and not you and i? :-( niggas is so lameeeee. we would fuck dis shit up. excuse my french
hahah i wish! :(
i wish i was there :(
i thought the movie & wanted to see was the awesome one how to train a dragon, but no its not :(
standing in a bike shed to hide from the rain and some cold!! its still so dark :( (cont)
i thought it was super short! i wish it were more epic :( not so sure about the mythology being accurate tho!
