i love how people don't text back night or bye when there done texting you smh :(
hem owokny bgs2.. mau belii dehh tp buat sapa?? hikss :(
please follow me :( it would mean alot lot lot! :)) please??? #jasminator ..
pls follow me it seems like u don't care about me if u did u would follow :(
setetes air sangat mahal harganya.... :(
wishing u would text me back :(
wheres all the gemini ones? :(
ok i'm countin on u lol, i jus want sleep! :(
i'm like hellllaaa jealous over every1 whose out watching y did i get married too!!!!! :( lol
please follow me :( it would mean alot lot lot! :)) please??? #jasminator .
so that's why jurassic park 4 is a no-go!!!!! :(
trying to look for journal article/s and i'm not getting anywhere :( what are you up to? :)
i'm sad :( my kid cudi had 2leave. boooooo
i miss my friend. :(
not a bit :(
everytime it alerts me i got a new follower i think its so i get all excited and when i check its not :( i wish!
you remember?! lol sweet! they don't give good 80's movie on tv anymore :(
but im chillin the last bitch that tried that didnt look too pretty :( -> aint u still doin court dates?lml
i need more followers :( follow ya boy
whatever!! :(
that quote hit a nerve. :(
alright! i'm sick of staying at home... need to get out but can't!!! :(
please follow me :( it would mean alot lot lot! :)) please??? #jasminator
bit my tongue when i sneezed :(
had a hard time t sleep with cozenne and banana. :( cause vanessa and zr was so noisy!
going to stay at home today :( as i am grounded.
yeah lor :( 2 hours praying is no joke man hahahaha
this update is going to take forever, sorry i think i'll have to pull out :(
there's something wrong with my phone :(
ke mak erot aje sono.... butuh seseorang yg bs dgrn crita gw n membuat hatu gw jauh lbh tnang.. :(
i miss you so much more :(
lionrose.7 trolling imps :( "sheet impee does ya ever cook for de chlid, more junk food ?????" 8:31 pm mar 6th web"
at my uncles memorial :( rip <333
fml...birdy v a-rod?? iw/miami apparently do not follow the fedal/big4/bobby sod rules of tennis. but oh bobby, how you break my heart :(
nooo :( but atleast we showed that we can play football. fuucck
yeahhhh i'm like bawling :(
so like.. you can watch #dirtydancing on of course its the one movie i bought on #itunes :(
omg i'm feelin like i'm gettin sick again :( i'm off this for the night. bye tweople.
hey!!!! :( lol
who the hell cares about stargate: universe? i want more caprica! :(
im suppose to be lookin for cars online. im goin car shoppin tomorrow with hubby. it has been over a month since my car caught on fire :(
woke up at 4 & nearly cried when i hear the rain. please don't rain again :( i have to get to work
i just entered #chatroulette and a girl saw me and started laughing :( that's not nice :(
lol aww man i just got good in bowling & baseball. i suck in golf :(
to com fomee ... :(
i have a very low self esteem tonight :(
i didnt see anything he jus said he was gonna do a chris brown i thought he was playn then he was out! :(
it sold out in one hour here in sf :( we got a ton of stuff for chictopia but that's it.
if my back hurt a little less i'd be able to fall asleep... :(
:( well i can't help it i gotta work. and i know you gotta always work in sac! she's gonna go see it w/antonio tomorrow
idiots! lol he's team jacob though... :(
can barley keep my eyes open anymore. i hate when i fight with my hubbyy :( in bed i'm coldd nd i dnt wanna b alone!
i want to go home :( — at travel lodge
ahhh my hair product spilled all over my clothes! so much for my wardrobe for the weekend :(
fml......this cant be happening ugghhhh :( ......whatever night<33
allergies r acting up :(
hai kak lousi allias. mbak wulanrt get well soon sis :( long weekend.laziness.hungry.bad cough.fever.flu.
getting ready for a dull weekend since i got into a car accident on friday and i have no ride :(
please follow me :( it would mean alot lot lot! :)) please????
been there with a leo :( oh no.. #zodiacfacts #leo’s strong personality (cont)
wow. old xanga? what the fuck. people were ruthlessly mean to me. shit has changed so much. i miss my 4am convos with chris :(
fmflllllllllllllllllllllll im sooo sorry iwas at the moviesss :(
that sucks :( i hate when clubs do that.
grey's is back april 28th???????? i can't believe this!!!!!!!!!! :(
ok im seriously giving up my power. will never follow me. i feel it. i know it :(
got smashed last night and now i'm soooo ill :(
you and sommersaults :( im sorry doll<3
#bubblegutz #notetoself no more mexican food!! my poor tummy :(
