too many tests and homework for next week :(
:( ... icannot sleep :\
damn :( he won.
i'm trying really hard to be happy and nice to everyone, but sometimes it's just too much stress. especially when they aren't nice 2 you. :(
burnt an n86 :(
my kah chng very painful! how to drive to lim chu kang :( and sorry to for using ur surname! hahahah
please don't be too blase with me :(
hate this saturday ! :(
you should go out :(
i'd rather be short than tall. but god insists on making me taller than our refridgerator. :(
i'm sorry to hear that :( feel better soon. *hugs*
sorry if i came across rude last night :(
word! ineed sum sexual healin :(
shuddup gps navigator. :(
i always fck up :(
just logged on to my formspring and found no messages in my inbox? udah gak jaman tanya2an lg yaa skrg? :(
the day that will follow me, pigs will fly. that means never :(
i guess no movie tonite :( but cr definitely!!!
please follow :(
ha sorry i didnt go to your stickam chat.i was at a friends house :( :(
retweet if you need more songs on your ipod; but no money to go itunes, i dure do :(
no, it didn't get funner. i quit too. :(
i'm not a good boy for you , a big sorry :( :( :(
we missed you so much! :(
i didnt get 2 paint easter eggs :( that makes me sad cuz easter is soon
sorry man, got to count me out :(
thinks lg bnyak yg mrah sma ak.. :-(
emoticons do my feelings no justice :(
wow! that's not nice :( btw what gr. are you in?
goodnight <3 my tummy hurts :( and i hate allergies. peace putos :)
yeay,i know youre being sarcastic :(
i'm constantly surrounded by damn cigarette smoke :(
it was abandoned :( my friend's dad found it in a factory or something
my throat hurtin && ishhh. :(
watching it right now. i think i am going to die. make it stop.... :(
yeah, sweating very badly... :(
i know!!!! i so sad right now. miss my, e! :(
i wish pretty lights, mgmt, & girl talk were all there this year though :(
i am afraid of being in love :-(
you guys, i want to go to album release party tomorrow so badly. whyyyyy must everything be so damn expensive? i has a sad. :(
oh wow wow wow : ( so u not comin : /
i need you :(
just got off work. i miss and sooooo much! not even funny :(
no beaches in buffalo :(
you don't follow me.. i feel unloved :( *walks away and cries while singing a charlie puth song*
love this song but dont want to hear it yet!!! lol cause that means our time together is over till next friday :(
im on a writers block :(
r u coming bak 2 shorty st or havr u left :(
is that why the traffic killed us today! :(
wow, just went to buy three books none of them were available on kindle :( kindle is great, but only when the books are available :(
it says on msn .com that a baby elephant feel in a man hole and hes stuck :( im in love with elephants0
u wouldn't fxck w/ me if i had on custom made g units ? :(
fuck that white team! they won 4-3 :(
and now it's time to be depressed :(
been up for 14 hrs. i suck at sleeping. :(
what ! niggas dead curved me tonight :(
ken! i asked you yesterday!!! : (
okay fine im going tuition :(
aww, that sucks hun :( firefox is annoying sometimes
worsttt fuckin mood :(
i can't even watch that again. it made me cry. :(
nothing :( what happen? pengen nangis darah deh gue -___-
happened to me today :( missed a great day at the beach!
i miss my vampire teeth. :(
aww look it eree one of de fake twins who 4got all about dede :(
damn datz crazi i wntd 2 c y did i get married 2 but its not even playin up at my skool :( lol
no vaseline on my ustream.... (broadcasting live at <- noo i'm missing laughs :(
id say you can call but my other is down here an im posed to be sleepin. :(
oooh no is locked up again :(
utt oo what day? aww man :( well my bday next week so i'm conserving my energy. imma b #live lol
ugh 2morrow is goin to be a long day :(
i would if i could :(
haha kk i will prollly tomorro if my grades r good my dad will buy it
i think i got a b in algebra :(
awwww crap i was feeling better and i just got all sad again thinking of my mommy and how much we have hurt eachother :(
seriously i think there is a thief in my house...my things always missing one! :(
you just offended me, honey! i thought you loved me! :(
highly upset about the ending of why did i get married too. :(
q::))) kangeeeeennn a:im really really miss you :(
retweet if you miss someone right now :(
:( goodnight
but nobody be on for mee to talk to :(
why are tickets so expensive in canada? they are way cheaper in the us! not fair :(
:( i wisshhh !!!!!!!! <3 come. haha yesyes.
ohhhhhhhhhhh l o l aha, well i feel dumb now :(
lol yeah. it kinda takes too much work when i actually have to think about my status. ahaha : (
the weather is just awful :(
see what you've done!! now is calling me a non-believer! :( that's not me, i tell you!!
i'm sorry :( it will get better though!
#np heather headley in my mind : (
#mood :( bored, just stay at home.
hahaha nope! worked 12 hours last night, 12 hours tonight 10pm-10am and same again tomorrow and sunday! not fun :(
still not talking? :-(
mum said the easter bunny isn't caning, she said i was to old fml :(
i misssed degrassi today. :(
oh poor kid! :( how long ago was this assigned?
~ 1:02am is almost 2am. not really, but i miss my live performances :(
ugh. jo koy is over. my night is suddenly lame. :(
awww, that sucks for us since we couldn't get in and are dying of seeing them! :( :( but same (cont)
stfu man. just cause i got feelings don't mean you gon pick on me. :(
vickyyy! send me a dm pls :( it'll make my day :)
missing out on a giant cuddle sesh with my girlfriends :( damn it
im lonely... :( and no gas to go anywhere... someone come save me from boredom!!!!!!
she didn't give me a goodnight kiss :( :( :(--< #sucka
can't stop thinking about my hubbby tonight... :( i miss him so much already.
lol nobody jus tryn 2 jinx u..lol..so ur leavn me :(
yeah.. smalam we lambat. :( now craving em. need em pronto!!!!!!
my timeline is filled with beautiful women.. 2 bad i'm married :( lmao
oh cmon kids stop calling me cinta laura :(
my body is sooo sore!!!!! :(
:(
yep. the original after all. :(
just got kicked out of lake hinkle dinkle :-(
it's over already. the hour went by too fast! :(
my son didn't stop having night terrors til he was almost 6. i hope gabey doesn't do that. :(
not on netflix instant. :( andy richter controls the universe or greg the bunny
i can haz? i want some :(
having a runny nose sucks. i feel like such a weirdo sniffling all the time. just being sick sucks i guess. sorry for being so complain-y :(
happy 39th birthday to my mommy...we cant get along at all but i love you and miss you very much as each day passes :(
don't know how :( i'm sure a link will surface
dang they charged erkyah badu with disorderly conduct for her video 'window seat' :(
found a random old message on my phone, it made me smile....then my smile turned upside down :(
noooooooo i hope i did not ruin your night!!! :(
omg i grew up with him! another :( wow i didn't even know till i saw this. awwww john forsythe died.
abselutely nothing, i'm super bored :(
u should have came to albany! :-(
you dbt believe me? :-(
i wish i was with my dad at the football :(
i wish people wouldn't play "favorites." it really hurts other peoples feelings. :(
ugh! why cant i have friends who keep their damn word?!?!? huhy :(
the dogs holding my covers down and i'm cold :(
i hate my left arm.. like ugh :(
1am and i missed 11:11 again! :( hopefully i wont have to pray for me to meet if he looked here>>
ni idea de lo que haré para ese twit :(
i want to see her :(
my canon died this weekend too :( i'm very sad.
i'm sorry if i unfollow many people, cause them unfollow me first :( i know them unfollow me from mr unfollowr..
neverrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!! u suck at friendship :-(
im not feeling so good :(
