dam i wish i knew who was writing me on formspring :(
pff already awake, 3 hours before the f1! and there is nothing on the tv! :(
:( this day got ruined
fuk my fuking life i always ruin every single day and night only if she could know! that ii don't do it on purpose! :(
mrn mr. india :(
i'm sad i'm back home. not much time spent w. my love :(
i wish i was in vegas to see perform :( >> stop tweeting ur boo haha
lol, it is the shape of italy in italian colors. i want it on the back of my neck, but he said no way : (
:(
mblny? knp? :( waaa... kini bukan aquarium lagi.... (y)
fuck. trying to retain elegance as these roman-candle symphonies burn. :/ bummed. :(
1:14 am in allston, ma. home of rowdy, drunk college students. :( will vans be recruiting fo jobs at warped?
damn i got burned :( ouch that really hurt :'-(
dont laugh at my spelling errors -.- & :o dont haunt me im gonnna cry :(
any of my twitter besties are on? :(
eep! just saw ur tweet :( we're done serving for the night. want to see you b4 weekend is over. sunday brunch?
which marketing fool decreed that the fumes would have to eat it playing at the easter show at 4pm daily? :( they're better than this!
it's my shabooms like sports page. poor christian. :(
i love all your #zodiacfacts, but you don't have your website noted on your profile. :( what's the url??
ouch. :(
i wanted to see it :(
dodgers lost :( but at least the #lakers won!
uh oh... we gonna bring u back to the mansion sometime soon.. i gotta make a run.. :(
oh yah by the way i ran around my house in shorts, tank, and flip flops and it's 39 degrees out. sadly didn't get pics :(
i'm going to work :( why are you still up?
wishs she cld color easter eggs :(
jersey make some noise :(
dude! did you seriously ustream without and i? :( we missed it! dx and what did you mean by "see you on ustream"?
:( just six followers? that makes me sad.
cramps have been dominating my life this whole week. bed. night. :-(
we don't have maids as well :( summer sucks!
oh yeah!rt yeaah ! he does .. when jay had tha long hair :^) but not anymore :( jay's one of a kind . lmao
bete livvvv :-( ketawa nitaaaa ha ha ha ha kenape lau?rt anyone, hibur gue dong
things ! qot alot on my mind :(
last day in rome. busy week when i get back home :(
i saw that from your daddy's :( give her lots of hugs
doesnt look like im going to the funeral :(
yeah so not fair it was so great the last 2 days and then nope, it got cold again. :(
everything is down down down :(
seriius ta,tabungan semua abis :( no mungkin seminggu ke depan gw sm makan warteg
crampz :( it hurts so bad
u need 2 fight these lil kids for me they were makin fun of me :( lol
great. my mom just went to bed. my dads at work. & all of you are probably sleeping. :(
oh wow that hurts even more :(
no fair for me. :(
sorry guys no #ff action tonight since i completely fell asleep at my desk. should write something this weekend even though i work easter :(
i don't think i can :( rt stay in one place. your name isnt carmen san diego and im not chasing you around the
im trying to avoid you , but i really miss you :(
i wanted to come so bad momma! i didn't feel good :(
:( hate myself so much
ah,,wish i was there.. :( hello bandung!! nice weather! performing at paris van java later for the launch of fossil watch!
im trying to avoid you , but i really miss you :(
my tummy hyurts :(
i hate living on the coast ahhhhh :(
oh man. got my plug ripped out :(
stepping out with my hubby tonight!!! wish would have come :-( but see you in a few happy birthday....
i would be down but my friends driving me to dtf :( next week imma bring some drinkers so we can party hard
dizzy. i need my lunch asap. this long trip takes me to my own hell :-(
i want a happy meal :(
lucky. i get none right now. step daughter is staying the weekend. none until monday night :(
my goal is 1000... and im 670 away who wants to help :) hahahaa ya right? :(
i'm extremely terrified for tmmw's competition... :(
i can't give it out online... sorry :( but i'm going to sleep now , bye :)
ate majority of the creme brulee because i finished the crunchy part :(
i feel out of the loop on these new developments...my stalking/pi skills have been down :(
thanks to my brother, i can't go see alice in wonderland. :(
gotta go wrap ma hair but dont feel like it--------uggh :(
can't sleep for the life of me :( x
i wanted uncle booz to get the win tonight :(
what about those idp camps and people in it? no one seems to care about that now :(
clash was pretty damn good, but i missed the lil mechanical owl that was in the original. it only had a cameo in the remake :(
yuuuuuuk hayuuklah! tuh cha sptnya mmg hrs cabss ahahahrt ah ikutttt doooong :(
lmao , nah g'ss . its mad dark in my house . i dont like tthe dark . so im not walking roud :(
new onyx or iphone 3g second? i want both :(
i'm sick n the bed ....no clubbin for me 2nite :-( i'm tryin to sweat my fever out ....but all i'm seeming to sweat out is my press ! ugh
tweeted yu earlier t00 ...b0ut t0 let yu g0 ... :(
:( who was it for today?
it sounds so scaryy outsidee ! :(
you are the only exception :(
yea. on ours yea. not on everybody else's though :(
hey cody do u wanna be my brother,because my brother sucks, when we were in public i had to act like idk him,i was so sad :(
how do i get a message read out during the forum? i send emails but they never get read out. :-(
im trying to avoid you , but i really miss you :(
leavingg today :( gun miss chu guyysss. hopefully i can find unsecured wifi (;
these kids are smarter than me :/. they keep changing the code on the safe with the liquor in it and idk the new code! :(
had quarter meal of roger's, lasagna and brocoly salad.. so full. :(
me too :( but it doesn't matter. this was just one day. we can try again next week.. if chasters give up, that would be a loss
mannn my partner in crime can't be sleep now!!!! :(
note 2 self: don't forget the dust mask while sanding plastic #clonewars armor. feels like my thoat is plastic-coated *hack* yuck :(
got problem with firmware 1.3.1, cannot access 3g or even edge with :(
i miss oceanup :(
no one is ever on msn at nighttt :(
:( i dont wanna break it
iya fat :( broke up wah2 sabar ca
huh? i didn't do anything :(
im trying to avoid you , but i really miss you :(
i hate tweets i cant read :(
im bored with this an just wanna eat ice cream txt me if ur up! :(
yup. i am so screwed on the hotel thing. literally disappeared as i was trying to book :(
i went back a step too. i don't even want to post it. :( i know how you feel
oh! okay! next weekend i gone be alone at home!! :(
trying to psych myself up to work after a tragic day. just not feeling connected. :( finished up business cards for client no response.
no!!! i missed it :(
painful :(
i haven't been on twitter in a month. i'm soo sorry :( had to deal with lots of heartbreaking moments, hopefully i can get on more #egibitow
i wish i lived closer to friends to be able to do that :(
ok going down now. raining :(
trying to understand why its easter weekend, and i'm stuck home, when i should be fiesta gettin my drink on :(
4 mths in 4 days... the 1st 3 flew by. now it seems like time is slowing down. :-(
ohh yeah lol :) im not the winner... i didnt get the golden ticket :(
i had to go to sleep. i had the shakes :(
i need dumbledore and voldemort's magic to get a for physics, or any other subject for the matter :( doesn't help that bth of them are dead.
yeah...way bad. especially since i had no budget for it to begin with :(
ugh weed :(
comeeee a venezuelaaaaaaa :( :( nojo.... mardi....
i don't even know what to think of what's going on. but tonight = bartenders last night = shit show. i'm gonna miss my friday nights. :(
its raining and cold! and im camping *spazzes* dayam! i hate shakespear park. always rains when im here :(
21 pieces of siopao ---->stale. :( how bad.
sooo,everyone who had my bbm plz add me again.. :(
nope :-(
i have but then at the end she did me wrong :(
just saw last song. i don't like miley. but i cried so hard at the end :(
i'm sorry guyss ~ please don't unfollow me :(
duude, i miss yoou!!! i hella wanna kick it with you, the last three times i tried to go to the bay my plans got fucked up :(
:( cuz it was funny ! lmao
porn. omg i don't know whether i should laugh or cry or be scared. :(
best good friday with my luv time for bed and skool tomorrow :(
girl yeah i had to just let that cd ride out .. i miss u too : (
