yes! that's where i am with this guy...he has all the qualities. :(
i was full!! now i'm mad cuz there's nothin to eat here..this was so unexpected :(
sorry i didn't get to say goodbye....jenn :(
school nd work everyday. ima loser :(
you should be here :(
i need her i need her i need her i need her /hun :(
omggg babyy i'm sorry :( it's not my fault twitters addicting .
yeah i wish i could go to cherry tonight aswell, but i'm poor at the moment :( it sucks!!!
so sad niley fans can't love miley & her choice]. liam is a great respectful kind sweet guy. he makes her happy but to them its who wins :(
last full day in japan :( let's make the most of it! :) tomorrow i will be back on a plane to az
so i missed a show :(
its ok..hehe maaf karena sdh plg trlalu cepat :(
heading back to office :( finished off a lot of work today...am happy....
gross. peter don't put that toxic crap into your body :(
you are my life, but you will never know it, it hurts :(
jeeeeze everyone is in a bit of a down today :(
hahaha iya nid yg itu gue dah liat tapi yg mereka prank their families for april fools day itu gue ga liat dmn ya? penasaran :(
why do u only follow fan pages? cuz i really want u to follow me :/ but tht wont happen :(
lol! taut u had one???<-- noooooooooooooo :(
you notice everyone but me :(
now it's raining.. poor juno didn't get a walk today :(
is not a happy girl right now...wicked bummed :(
is really really really missing brandon tonight. :( [i love you, always and forever.]
sometimes i feel like i'm stuck :(
im bored :( but im annoying my brother and his buds. they are having a g.n.o x]
smelly siol. :(
major #fail !!! where is my punk ?!? :(
too many people are in love with it. :(
i've been attempting to have a castle marathon but the internet refuses to cooperate...i have now seen half of 4 different episodes :(
english is shit :( i can help you kidnap your teacher if you like?
rt: don't do my boo like that!!! :( < he said sumthin? im sorry i missed mabey i was booked lls
babe , the bbq video has been removed by twitter already :( i haven't finished watchng. do u have it on ur site?
oh ros, i heard about that early today.. sad :(
:( i love you<3.
ugh i can't sleep :(
sorry for the late reply :(
i feel like throwing up :(
becuz ur yelling at me... :( meanie...
my mom just said that dougie is gross! :(
bout to track in this beat ... 1 track at a time :( producers kno what i'm talkin bout... #theworst ... but it's all for the best product!
lmaoo really tho! it's sad haha and butterflies die afterthey have babies :(
i'm mad at grrrr :(
2 proboards fourms, myspace, texting, and aim and still its boring. people aren't talking. :(
i know, right? thought about taking something but then i'll be sleepy all day :(
i have no internet :( i havent seen the last two greek episodes! its depressing me :/
-mi5ke
:( ripped my fave tights :(
lmaoo really tho! it's sad haha and butterflies day afterthey have babies :(
it seems about a quarter or third of my books will be left behind. :(
/..but he`s way to nice to hurt :(
still halfway dead:/ i was hardly awake on stage. hopefully ill feel not so out of it soon. i need tylenol/nyquil/ibproufen/etc. lol. :(
i'm so hurt and broken heart. :-(
i tried to, but comcast was having some sort of issues and the ppv wouldn't show up for us even though we ordered it. :(
guh, i miss the old days :(
so pissed we have other responsibilities and couldn't make it to the after party :(
:( you'll never follow me back.
charmaine can't go )': i've misssss you soo much :( gtg , byee!
got bad signal so i can only tweet when i get the chance. all telcos are weak in signal strength in the vicinity :(
hehe males deh belajar filsafat :(
is awake nervous bout work /: didn't sleep well at all :(
thanks for following..i was just at hb :) i look forward to move there! i cant wait :(
i love her, she's an amazing person and actress, yes, so sad, she's going through all that stuff :(
ohh, yeah that's a good song. lucky! it's not out in australia yet. :(
fuck :( thats what i heard. shm at wet will e sick. you'll hardly see the three of them together esp in vegas.
:( they are not on... well i'll come on tomoro either b4 my soccer game or after!!! kk night night
i can't. i left my car in phoenix :(
dropped the berry, now it's disfigured. :( time to get new casing.
:( wow my day fucking awesome then fucking terrible
