wtf parker i thought you would've seen meghan casting :(
getting sleepy, but i really wanna see my friend :( why isn't yahoo! working properly ?! rrrr !!!!
pretty sure i want to be a model.. too bad i'm a short ass :(
pertanda timeline gw makin penuh ama twit lu ned :( hotspotannya cepeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet bgt. thx ya allah :)
pls do follow me. can a dream be reality? :(
so it b 2am right now n i gots to wake up at 6am, okay, i get 4 hrs of sleep, night :(
guess what? i'm from singapore & i love you! please follow me i've waited the whole day :(
can't. look. away. please. help. i'm so ashamed. :(
you must be getting the wind that we had for a couple of days, pineapple express! guess it's too windy! power is out. :(
i think i'm having a stress-breakdown today. a wrong day :(
y do i keep waking up before my(nearly)2 yr old son&10 week old daughter?!not that i'm complaining they sleep!sore throat&got loads2do :( x
i blame twitter. why why whyyyy did i tweet on the cab :(
at movies with hubby, clash of the titans.... not liking it :-(
rucka off of detective and dc in general? nooooo :(
i lost my fukkn id! #fml :(
i dont think i've ever cried this much. this needs to stop oh my goshh. stop stop stop. :(
home. cache sorry i didn't roll with you and nicky tonight :(- awww its ok :(
im so drunkl i cant close mtr eyes :(
my name is khan no no no please no i better be dead :(
thanks, i will! i feel sorry for you that you didn't get to go :(
im missing him right now : (
but now i have a horrible headache :(
hey1! i cant come to your house :( sis is crying and there's no one to leave her with and if she drops me of at ur house
arent you supposed to be a oh idk a supportive best friend? :(
ugh horrible night! big headache!... :(
hopefully tomorrow is better...hopefully!
away overnight and it's just me being tired and i don't get sick! :(( because that's the last thing i need right now! :(
i made you a happy birthday sign awhile ago. i can't find it :( hold on
yeah yeah yeah! i 100% agree !! but that is so impossible. :(
#twitterlies , i live in a boring ass city .. ask anyone from palmdale ... its dead af :( lol
dude! don't even get me started on that please don't i don't wanna think about that! :( *feeling weird*
going to bed everyone goodnight! :(
clerks: the animated series is on adult swim. episode 2, the clip show. one of my favorites. that show died way too young. :(
hopefully usher can sing me to sleep now. :) aaahhh niggas have to rise at 8am & start the day's agenda. :(
i hate your school :(
why am i up so early :(
damn that sucks. im hungry :'( i would go visit you so you could feed me but you work so far. :-(
its saturday so that means no soaps day :-(
fml. i can barely do this anymore :(
my eyelids are feeling heavy but i dont want to go to sleep :(
nopee :( he just follows me randomly i never ask
:( is beating me!
i lost my phone :(
:( get on the computer and listen to it!! its personal!
haha ok tmi, lol. not when you're alone its not romantic! :( hahhaha. lol i love talkin... ewwwwww
i hate sleeping alone. :(
follow me back please :(
da bann i aint got nobody to fuss wit :(
fuck shows in south central :(
shit i need a mock iop topic!!!!!!! :(
oh yeah, we didn't get any thunder or lightning today. :( pretty disappointed.
im ok thanx jus chillin bout 2 go get ready 2 go work :( dnt wanna go!
shit..up kuz im babysitten my baby sis :( ...just got thru talkin to my pplz on da cell..2day wasnt da best at all..mis…
q:but... i love george clooney :( he's like my older sister... a:totally, joshweenie.
gahddammit, two more days :(
sick of hearing about motorbike accidents. it breaks my heart, everyone really needs to be more careful around them! :(
oh man, not good at all! i was sick all day :(
-hannah :( i wish you weeeere theweeereee !
nigga feels the same way... if only i was in br :( lol
wasting time for this kind social networking :(
oh no. something's wrong with one of my flash drives. i really need to buy a portable hard drive. :(
watching whose line is it anyways i wish they made new ones :(
i miss home :-( family is the best there's no place like home....
siapa tahu kat mana lagi ada jual globe clairs nyer car seat? kat sogo dah out of stock :(
:( i'm clean... i juss shared headphones ( dnt share yurs ) .
that is a good thing and that's quite alright :(
do you hate me? then why aren't you following me....you never notice me,please follow me <3 :(
and not chocolate eggs, bunny rabbits and hot cross buns. but i still want my chocolate hot cross buns. :(
dissapointed :(
i am! :) cant sleep either ! :(
i miss my friends :(
back in hail :(
indeed...i would retweet but it doesnt let me comment like you did :(
iknow,eh? my life would be complete. thats like a dream come true. . but i doubt its gunna happen :(
u can say that again! left with no shoes :(
i miss the justice league! :( #smallville
please stop calling me. it just makes me can't forget you :(
