i'm worried that i couldn't carry out my plan :(
ahhhh i live in se and i'm not getting 100.7 :( im wondering around my apt with a radio trying to get the station. fml!!
she's leaving soon i can't :(
home alone kinda sucks honestly wish my family was here :( it's all good i got my doggie to keep me companyy :))
please follow meeeeee !! i am starting thinking you don't see my tweets :(
sigh... i've forgotten what the stars look like while living in l.a. :(
a me and my bro went to the show and i couldn't get in, i didn't know u had to 21, what a bummer :(
idk! :( grr. why cant yu sleep?
so its true tht they are dating.. :( im sad but , im proud of them (@jdandjbteam live on
rain makes me feel sad. :(
the day follows me will be the day i eat a wormm .. never :(
i fell so invisible :(
:( i don't know!
i miss you : (
cried to sleep :(
what time is it? i lost my clock :(
tell me about it!! absolutely none!!! :( so we out at a place called stingers and its okay. pretty ok music but i don't see...
hates daft punk for doing a collab with kanye... i love the song but not the chavvy audience :(
hungry, nothing to munch :( legs, let's not be so lazy.
thanks, i just love him way too much, i wish to spend the entire day speaking with him. :(
::mad i can't find my benefit eye bright pencil.. i paid 20 dollars for that little thing :-(
see! you have more than one! :(
what a lamee friday night!! :(
better off ted cracks me up too!! hysterical!! but i'm thinking that one might get canceled :( cougar town has potential!
says...isn't it sad how people you know become people you knew :( more funny statuses:
: u guys have made the life of our sister ayesha hell :( plzz give her all she wants!!give her justice!! m not ur biggest fan anymore
tiredddd :( should go to bed.
work again :(
we found this really hot guy but lost him :(
someone please talk to me. can't sleep/hella bored :(
i would kill for some extra time in bed.... work is gonna be mental i'm sure :(
haha yeah it is :(
how many people there now? 4 hrs til i can get there :(
after braving the rain, they have ran out of pancakes. :(
i love danimals to bad they're so tiny :(
please dont rain today :(
"sittin on 28's i call em' ali's" #rip to my nigga allen..... i'm kinda drunk this is gonna make me sad : (
i'm awake too :( did you have a good night x
when will do one in chennai? :(
i here it soon shut down mad i'm missing twins tonight :-(
i know its ridiculous, but i'm seriously petrified to go to sleep later now lol since i saw the ant i'm scared :( this is my #1 fear! bugs.
:o :( but :)
awe, i'm so sorry. :( it's not fun. i hope today is a good day for you and it won't be so bad!
miss my 6666 tweet :(
omg! 'm really not feeling it :(
dari mana itu ???? :( look what i found..
why is "gemini" a tt? :( hell no! #cancer !! haha<3
i'm having papaya and honeydew for lunch. i'm so full. :(
it's quite complicated!but it's ending already :(
early morning yet again :(
aq dpingit :'( ad ap sist? ga bkl bebas ka,yg ad mlh brantem :(
hello sir.... yes you sir... can you please call or text me :(
im bored : (
i wanna hear your voice that's why i called you though i know i'll be put into trouble. i miss our long talks before. :(
why you aint watching back in the day w/ me. :(
i don't know :( i want it too
i really. feel like #thtgrl right now...i wanna go home :(
this is not the best weather for a boat race :( #boatrace
work :( my bed looks pretty good right now !
:( i wish i could get it! damnit!
i just wanted to nap for a bit longer :( ugh. it's gonna be such a long day tomorrow and i'm running on very low energy.
i hate when being busy makes me seem unavailable. :(
my wife and daughter both have it too an i just woke up with a very sore throatthis morning :(
aww...i cant move! :(
sad. no dragon in my mailbox today. :( *crosses fingers, it will be tomorrow*
yea juicy we cant sleep :(
were you at ultra? your boy deadmau5 was quite awful :( i was snooking for you!
i want tongue piercing manz. is so cool! but is pain can! and mayb will lost taste . :(
i'm gonna agree even though i have a shitty old curve :( #teamblackberry
i can't believe this :(
well, i would own my own cappuccino machine if i could. but i have a house and bills. :-(
oppa, i miss you~ :(
could use a friend :-(
im so mad.. this stupid fone only allows u to play crappy youtube videos so even justin bieber cant cheer me up rite now :(
no :(
boom!!! on this sore throat right now. i can't even eat as much as i use to. :(
thai bombs && adios! why is beautiful so far away :(
wow thats cool! mine only says "i love short stack" and a picture of short stack :) mine sucks :(
really? that sounds... uncomfortable : ( it's not your fault hunny, you can't help it. at least they understand *huggles*
iff issntt followingg mee thee nextt time i check on twitter immaa cryy :( goodd nighttt lovee youu (:
:(
damn ijust lost a follower :( #nobueno
don't wna work tonight :(
sedih beud.. :( read friends.. terutama cewe..
i want to .. but i have no ride! :( freaking sucks.. i am going to dread this soo bad and be angered at the 'rents ..
why does my anxiety always kick in right before bedtime? ugh :(
these damn animal cruelty commercials always make me so sad! :(
nope haha i wish lol only and lol thats it :(
damn and here i am at home not in my lab to test this out :(
woow wonderful :( buat yang kls tk bu cintya, katanya ada tugas review jurnal paling lambat (cont)
actually me too doubtful :(
1 week without twitter i miss you :(
we miss you too :(
my friend left!! :(
i hope i get to go to church tomorrow, just cause i miss :(
please make my day and follow me? my cousin made me mad... all he cares about is his gf... :( like he doesnt care about fam
i think i'm going to call this an early night.. there's something in the air and i'm not functioning well :( #freakyfriday
wow, just got home and already hit my head :(
that is so fucking sad :(
on my way to work :(
when ii tweet pay attention...cause obviously im feeling some type of way :( ...confused, mislead
yep. but ate ishia's not with us. :(
what?better than this from a local rag :( or the loved ww2 myth "british push bottles up german rear" :)
*tear* everyone has a ghetto name but me :(
sorry but i can't show u guys my newest work until tomorrow cuz i can't upload it now :(
o twitter my sis is so cute she said stop textin nd let's go to bed i don't never sleep wit u anymore awww :( #okbye
i get tired so quick now :(
i thought i lost my credit card for a second. i missed #batman #batb and #smallville :( i'm so pissed!! argh i'll have to watch them online
i had so much fun tonight, but then came home to some very upsetting news. :(
nangis gw!!! huhuhu makasih yah udah ngingetin gw... :(
:( just read the ending of the last song. i cried. but i skipped ahead.. lol i didnt get like half of what they were talking about.
ya no me kieres ? o porke ia no me twitteas ? :(
i mith you too :(
omg so bored!!!! doing nothing watching chelsea lately woww real fun friday night :(
holycrap holycrap holycrap . and to think both of my best friends didn't tell me !
you guys are meaaaan :(
carlsburg ekak bag eke thiyagena cool drinks bonna vechcha hati :-( #fb
yaay, me too. this germany isn't releasing her :( i really would buy her cds :(
man! :( i just started watching :(
setelah dipikir2, i think i'm such a bad mom for not being patient enough to feed my baby. i enjoy the cooking, not the feeding :-(
oh just like with me :) i dunno i just cant sleep :(
44 oz of liquid hell :(
after work too...i like to sing..but didn't get to sing :(
i wish you didnt move.... :(
taking a geo and an anthropology course. everything is already closed... :( i might be working full time.
:-( gotta be up early
nilai tmr. bittersweet feelings. i dont wanna leave home :(
man im bouta go to sleep my night has officially been ruined. :(
