for some reason i'm sick :(
when i'm on you're off it's so stupid :( <3 but know i'll never forget you 'cause you were my first twitterfriend !
omg is it that asian girl from la? she sucks :( lol
i wish at least saw one of my million tweets to her asking for her to follow me :( it would mean the world!!
cannot connect to server -______- me too unyunyu reply my ym hunny me miss :(
you seem, angered. tense. :(
that's well crrrap! i wanted to go but i'm working in the morning :( i hope they have another sale soon xx
is like sooooo majorly pretty. and shes talented. and shes met justin bieber the love of my life. jealous much :(
nieces were making so much noise :(
curled my hair then went to youth group.... but now it's ruined. :(
i wish at least saw one of my million tweets to her asking for her to follow me :( it would mean the world!
i don't even have a debit card, i lost it!! :-(
wtf, whose posting shit about my tits. :( hackerrr
aww i'm sorry... :( fuck ozio and ur mixer.... i'm gone! shout me when u fix
pulsanya abis :( nice ya ga nge reply
i believe if following fans, but me? no she doesn't! :( hate that! :((
i wont be online a few days.. maybe till monday :(
happy hour at enterprise fish co sooooo bomb! but i'm falling asleep between the oysters and shrimp cocktails :(
the best way to identify someone using the #3gbooklet is when u see a # at the end of a tweet! the enter key is too small :(
me is saw you at tm at abt 12+ am. :( you go secret dating is it? :(
aggravating! thats the only word i can think of to describe this pain im feeling. :(
nastyyyyyy :( i need a chaser! yea ima punk! lol
s/w, its tru! all of the kardashians are that's not nice :(
bubbles is so boreeeed :( help meeeh
please follow me, i will scream so loud if you do ! but i don't think you will see this tweet :(
sooo emooo! :( where did your feelings went?
no. :-( jealous hater! lol i got mad jealous haterz! it rocks!
hey! i never see you around anymore :( hows youuuu?? :)
uh no lol. i'm planning to close brokenlines :( it's sad though. i tried not to close it but i guess i have to do it.
my face = asian. my hair = white. this could sometimes be a dilemma on the account of my hair turning blonde this time of the year. :(
my brain is not working properly...it keeps on saying to me that i should go home and take a huge rest for today...but i simply cant :-(
going back to london today then jakarta tmrw :(
i'm not in a good mood :(
u just carried me on twitter lol i feel like a #lame now :( lol nope
cheez me up please..... :(
yea i hope tomorrow its a better day too :( cuz i dnt like this at all
i really want help because its so hard to get people to follow me :( i only have 71 followers! and ive been asking diff people
at yewtee. having burger king! and ps, my voice mcm rockers! :(
am sad cuz am asking yu on stickam to say my name odalis and if yu dont noe how to say it just try but yu never said it :(
wow i would like to visit there someday! mcfly have never visited our country :( sadly
i wanna!! <--wait y u not comin??!!! :-(
i hate this im on fb and no one is online at 1am :( it suxx
so pissed off right now, they have taken away the my opportunity to goto college, now i gotta go through another process to goto uni. :(
can you please tweet my youtube and help my dreams come true? :( youtube.com/itsedenn <3 pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
crap. can get to see. beard's rubbing on my chest, making it itch, and i really want a mikes and play some god of war. insomnia sucks :(
i miss you already :(
nooo! on my way 2 c u-n-i & j davey at the roxy w/ my boyfriend is gonna cut off his mohwak at the show noooo :(
neither me nor has gps on our mobile. :( are you logging your trips on gps?
smh :( on my shit list
definitely felt like i was in the civil rights movement when the cops brought out the dogs! now i know how mlk and rosa parks felt :(
harrisburg. lol i'm chilling at my grandparents' house the entire time :(
can you please tweet my youtube and help my dreams come true? :( youtube.com/itsedenn <3 please please pleaseee!!
i'm about to start whining :(
i'm losing my followers!! :( i feel like locking my twitter hehe!
i keep getting sharp pains in my wrist :( its pissing me off. lol.
that's so sad :(
i think tonight i need to download all my good r&b songs cuz i lost them all wen my last ipod drowned :(
real sweet. i got punched in the face tonight. :( fail
never realized how much of an alcoholic my friend is...so depressing :(
i know...what would da kids think :( smh
usernamenya ? follow dong inbox formsprinng sepii . ask donk :(
yep. never enough of it and you always need more. :(
um.. my roast chicken from king stupid's had three wings.. :(
i want a new bff......... :( ........maby i will do a program like
i miss my abushu :(
this sucks all my kids are grown i dont get candy :(
yeaam :( but how waz ya dayy?
no. i actually can't go and i have to wait a year before i can actually go to unt. :( but wait a year? oh i saw you tonight.
they just don't taste the same as when i was in mexico back in october. :(
noooooo. shinee's hello baby ending on april 6th. tt_tt a little too soon, don't you think? : (
doing ma thug thizzle unaware of this gathering :-(
what u drinkin lol < some vodka idk i seen u wit that moet :( jealous lol
got to the beach earlier today, but has now starting raining :(
lmao nah too young :(
i love when people prank call me and call me a bitch. idc if they prank call but you dont have to be rude :(
i can't sleep with an empty stomach. :(
from tmr the sunset will be at 6pm instead of 7pm :(
you quit texting me :(
hanging with tandy- i miss my best friend. :( bah!
we dont have a good picture or video from him :( sorry if our tweets was not exciting as you guys waited. we're a little disappointed too.
i wish i had longer hair :(
i might be sick. :-(
:-( hope your grandpa pulls through.
office till i fall asleep. :(
fuck thaaaat i did not :( :( ur making me look bad
me to, dont stay away sooo long next time :-( love ya baby and am soooo happy to be back in touch! xoxoxo
oh shit. i accidently sat on my origami snail as i was setting it up for a picture. :(
i hate the new youtube!!!! it suuuucks :(
ain't that bout a bytch! now u dun joined the coalition! lmao...i thot i was thick!!! i guess i shld stop sayn it then. :( lol
my sister is 12 and all of a sudden the middle-school prepubescent creepers are coming out of the woodwork! i wanna lock her facebook! :(
turut berduka cita yah noni iya de. kaka nya my oma... :( william soeryajaya (cont)
my feet hurt.... :-(
my virtual coffee shop game froze just when i was about to get a promotion :( #fml #nerdtweet #whatofit
for whatever reason it says you're not following me. :(
my uniform is.. suck :(
hah u saying something wrong w. me :(
i wish at least saw one of my million tweets to her asking for her to follow me :( it would mean the world! #jasminators
do you read my tweets? i always send you tweet when you're online but you never notice :(
:( what did you make?
shut up he right here, bout to go to sleep (as always) i thought i had my baby back for a minuteee :) and i don't :( !!
got me for my bubble gums :(
it gonna be bigger the the titanic happy bornday!!!!! wish i cud make it 2 the boat :(
i'm getting in trouble for wasting all the plates :( last tweet before my phone dies <3
what's wrong? :(
lmao yeah for nicki .. but for chris .. i gets no type of luck :(
i dont think you see us anymore :(
:( no.
hope i dont bump into anyone now :( red dots all over.
no, she's not been walking at all the past 3 days :( i've been using my carrier when we go out.
i can't sleep with an empty stomach. :(
ahh imy :( « i misses you more :-*. ayee go me :)
noooo :(
yall idk these girls where u :(
thanks, me too! won't find anything out until tomorrow :(
i don't wanna go to class tomorrow :( boooo. remedies.
ughhh i hate that we can't txt rite now :(
hoes said they ain't wanna take us anymore -__- so i couldn't see my muffintop :(
yes girl i did. i'm into stuff like that so i felt it. :-( awwwww. i heard its long
:( i did nothing at all im so bored
and no one comes to my house cos they cbf to trek it but yet i have to trek it to them aha:(
studio w/ brothers & i'd stop by but i'm a giant that would take up the whole room lol :(
nevaa got the twitpic :(
mine starts on june my finals are in a week :(
:(, jus relax hun take a shot n go to sleep :(
uhh i wanna come home !! i'm in ny :-( ..
yea :( i've always had it though but now i'm getting it even worse
the fight scene between janet and hubby, the cake scene was stoooopid :( lol
an old chair :( it hurtsss
i love and he doesn´t know that i exists. :(
planning to go grocery shopping & clothes shopping later. alone. :( i miss mar2x
yes! its very late, you never saw it. thats why : ( pleasseee, look at it ? :)
i wish your music was available in canada :( i'm such a big fan & proud to be a #jasminator ;d please follow me! (:
never notice me :( iloveher so much
i have a feeling is puking/passed out.... and that's why he's not answering my texts :(
after shutter island i am not tipsy anymore!! :( that movie drained the life outta me. end was pretty cool tho
ik ik there to much :( kisses u back i love u to :)
