haven't really talked to my big brother :( i feel neglected :/
spent all day sleeping! what a waste :(
lovely fire whistles are going off now i here the medavac in the sky :( thought it was a bad accident but there spotlighting the ground.
:( it is. ---come on down! (i am here!! with & my stout beer!)
my head hurts sooo much :(
i hate how the stan war started after i got into bed. now i can't use my vast folder of gaga gifs :(
udah syen, tp ga puas mereka cm nyanyi 1 lagu :( meh da liat shineenx?
argh, i keep procrastinating & slacking. :( finished the english class essay thing. now on to dnt, art, literature & my english revision!
at boomerangs..... not no more ya left me :( lol
i love orange tabbys too. i miss mine, he passed away :(
there is a 24 hour starbucks?! i went to one at like 12 last night and it was closed :(
oww extrano el envyyyy :(
if only i could turn the time back, i would never let my mom makes fb :(
maybe it's true that i can't live without you :(
i feel worse than yesterday :( can't breathe and my nose is bleeding
i have several screencaps of it and one where you can see his to me and me saying "did adam just f*cking tweet me?" oy vey :(
yes! but i can't tell you what cause that would incriminate myself. sorry :(
log off. i don't really go out much anyway. #homebody. :(
did you see chris tonight on sd? :( poor guy was all taped up.
call me bby! im in 9j now but i lost all my numbers :( same glo numbr!
she allowed herself to dream of her child having a future where she could shine. awwwwwwwn :(
kenapa sayaaaang?jgn sedih :'(rt really really need my curhat sejati dr smp sumpah ga ada yg ngeganti! :(
my tummy hurts :(
my dreads are pissing me off!!! they keep dipping in my bbq sauce wen i eat this chicken :-( i can't find a rubberband
me lleva, grooveshark its down :( (via <- las bromas ayer en la interface, si me hicieron reir bastante
not much, soooo bored. :( you ?
oh i have a feeling i am not gonna get any sleep tonight. :(
"were not bestfriends anymore"-a.m :( inlovewithjoe<3
sigh i know :( oohhh bieber rising u mean? lmfao! and ur bias is aj?
loool cum ova heree :(
aaaaa mau ikuuuuut ke sency!!!! :(
...oh dear, i know where this is going :(
today will not be a good day :(
maybe not i cant reach the rice krispies :(
idk you just said it lol yeaaaaa babe!!! no dedication? :( who cares but you my 8000 tweet
we can't get in man :( its too packed
:(
i miss my long hairrrrrr :( and the blonde lol
i guess, we've to make certain sacrifices. :( i hope it's all worth it.
-laughs softly at you, mumbles- they always make naomi the outcast :( (a)"no! scary! -hides behind evan-"
at my house in van :(
ouch traffic at ipoh town so jam. :(
baby. guess what. :(
omg im not feeling good :( omfg no i have salmonella :'( i knew that chicken wasnt cooked. last time i listen to stuart
dag!!! i would actually cry i think :(
ack. subterannean press sent my limited edition book to my old address. oh, noes! i hope that usps forwards it here. :( :( :(
i miss dao!! #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao :( #freedao :(
goodnite!! i'm tired of ur lies! lol haha don't try to boost me up i look #basic * :(
:(
still aint played daddy stroke :(
i miss being a gangster :(
no more fontana. :( they left na :(
oh dear lordy :( poor you, you don't have a personal video of him! how've you been doing ? i miss my little bieber bitch :(
cheez me up please..... :(
i hope you're ok :(
okay ; so the sudafed didn't go its job :( . it is now time to sleep . my nose hurts from all this sneezing . geeeeebus .
mcr and 30 seconds to mars fans are strongly voting against muse :(
angels and demonons the movie makes me want to revisit the book :-(
really upset for some reason :(
that was embarrassing! d: prolly never gonna talk to me. :(
i have twitter turned off on my phone.....btw-dm's only or its #twitterjail 4 me :(
thats not funny! :(
@diiamondboii watt did u end up doin tonight?
yeah! cuz you said you weren't going to the bonfire anymore so i was sad :(
abis mkan lnjutin bwat book report :(
kita dateng full force: jeka,wisnu,ade bojoku balapan g iso melurt wawancara huhuhu :( kmu (cont)
yaaah jahat :( yah telat ky gua uda off gua on eh ada yg (cont)
#gospursgo im happy they won! but now i feel sick :-(
i wish would atleast see one of my million tweets to her asking for her to follow me!! :( #jasminators
sendiri :( sama siapa cin moi aussi ciin at home, you cin? (cont)
"if mum is not coming to australia whos gonna cook my brekfst lun dinnr? i hate her coz she ruined my life . i rmembr brisbane :(
awosme. i cant watch saw i get scared :( im plannign to go to those movie marathons on sunday
