is never gonna follow me :(
smuggle sheluh in your luggage! i miss her!!!! :(
aww, my original 705th follower(who i even gave a shoutout to) unfollowed :(
what happened phyl??rt cindy is too long :( i really can't stand the pain cindy :'(
yeah, it made me start crying :(
shatttttered when i found out matt casy was in a relationship teaaaaar :(
q:i see yew forgot about me buddy :( a:not really i jus aint been on here
i loved today's ep. i know how it ends, that's why i didn't cry when chris died. :(
i seriously don't think i'll ever love anybody as much as this nameless hot cellist. :(
haha. why aren't you? :(
agh power outage. bye bye internet :(
#nowplaying pretty brown eyes amerie ft. trey sonqz. :( ii hate this damn sonq.. but i love it. lol. :/ after this im out, niqht <3
i think i have the flu i've got to stay in bed :( where are you?
i feel kinda lonely standijng over here by myself. :( its straight watching them durtty gurlz kill it.
hampir telat :(
whats it gonna take to get youu to follow me then dm me?? :(
my friend is sad and that makes me sad. :(
i going work now!! :(
god, when exactly i will able to stop pretending :( i feel so much guilt!!! :( i'm sorry :(
yep. from all my friends, i was hoping you'd wish me a happy birthday. :(
phwoar. i wish chatroulette thought about me like that :(
seriously sad watching last episode with you and jill fighting.. you need to make up. :(
still cannot make mature decisions. it sucks being me :(
smangat nabungnya! :) puasa sampe seninn..huhuhu i love monday...quantum saya datang..hikkss hikss..bokeeee :(
oooooooohhhhhhhh myyyyyyyyyyy goodness!!!! something just went down in this house!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i need to learn spanish!! :(
honey about skype, you only can talk with him, if it add you there ok, you understand ? he not add = you not talking :( sorry
all these coogi and dereon dresses are making my head spin... :( ugh...« where u lol?
not goin out this week end :( ... too much to do . 10 days --- till i dip!!!
during todays rock climbing course, we will mainly be looking at just how well gore-tex works. :-( sun's due out at 3pm!
it was great! i'm tired now though :(
yes, sadly no $ no ticket. :(
oh goodness :(
ya maap nek :(
#, you make me sad :( i spell sandz with a z at the end. y? b/c i can.
shit... :(
just found my 16gig cf card in the washer. fail :(
ffs bought new eyeshadow, dropped it and its hardly useable now :( waste of my money urghh
next sat nite is a li'l tough lemme check! :(
#twitteroff for 2 weekz... :(
gue nih. ada apa tha? rt: yg lg ol pc atau laptop ksh tau gue dong..i need your help :( just a a lil bit.
ugh. when it's night time, it really hits me how bad i miss you. :(
you know, i was wondering why my twitter feed didn't have very many tweets on it today. then i realized i hadn't opened ubertwitter :(
just choked and swallowed on a seed :( poor seed.
before i go sleep, i take my mirror off the wall, close my door/closet door. close blinds/curtains.... i get paranoid easily :(
im inside his house. but hes not here. :(
lol a littl french accent !!!i wish i havent :(
where is my i miss you>>> i'm here boo!!! we got separated :(
yah, biasalah yin, huu.. knapa bang? delay kah? i want my flight rite noooowwww!!! :(
i wanna shoot the dj :-(
:( its nasty like that .do white .
y am i so easily distracted? i need to cover 3 topics if not it will definitely ruin my day!!!! :(
*wipes tears away* :(
and you just bumped felicia :(
"featured" tonight. & and are there tonight too .. fml. :( i need to get my fake i.d.
i like nom noms though :(
iya nih, kecapeekaaan :(
iya syng:(rt turut berduka :( iyaaa:(rt apa ?! hp ku (cont)
oh my god! insomniaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaa plueseeeeee gue teringat............ mo-hawks :(
mereka jahat :'( sedih knp sayang? huhuhu aku sedih dir :( hey hey kamu kenapa min ?
why all the male bashing :-(
so bored :(
whats it gonna take to get youu to follow me?? :(
stop. your confusing me :(
well. i went to toys'r'us today, there were no thor figures :( of the 'heroes' 2 pack kind.
cause i didnt see a tweet from you all day. :(
feeling sick to my stomach and i don't know why. :(
*sigh* i can come, buit i won't be there for 10 hrs... :(
shit! ga bisa update tweeps :( pulsanya blm masuk :(((
i just got here...what about me? :(
ho-hum, easter weekend and i'm in work :(
i don't think you have a mustache. :( but even if you did, im sure it'd be natural for jeff, he's used to...
smh...god gon give u a whoopin lol <---lol :-( i know
girl sophia wassup it me ryan i guess i follow u again im sorry :(
great day, worst night everr. want someone to talk to :(
goin home now.. so tired.. spent hundreds of kms listening to sad songs... :(
yeah i know him...so many people dog him. y'all are horrible lol. :(
i'm living vicariously thru your tweets! i had fast food in the car :(
not that bored. i just miss you. :( lol. xd
no need see. by your words i can feel that teary red eyes of yours... :(
aku dulu lbh dikacangin!rt aku makin dikacangin :( sejak pake ‎​ ,, jeg makin eksis dia di twitter
i knt..wen i lay dwn it gets worse :(
headache! headache! :( i'm off for a nap now. later tweeters!
did you hear about two and a half men :(
easter saturday and because it's not an official bank holiday even although fri and mon are i have to work :(
i've missed your tweets.. :(
all the right moves and all the right faces...so yeah we're going down... :(
lol; i liked her in firefly but really started loving her in terminator: sarah connor chronicles. sad it's gone. :(
abby isn't happy. i'm in pain. :(
need more coffee if i'm gonna stay #awake till #f1 qualifying has finished, really tired now though :(
i wish i could but i don't live in cali. :(
iyaa bondan thankyou sudaaah nadyaaaaa ah :(
open house party at rochedale south. mates are going im not :( grrrrrr. thanks easter (: oh well time with the fambam is also good ?
went 2 apple 2 c if they had the ipad so i could check it out b4 the crazies emerge 2moro even though i'm waiting for the 3g, they didn't :(
i miss them crazy kids already; sophya saveth, katie dang, darius bo, casey svang and samira saveth :(
heading to the coast... poor little kitty cats :(
my bad day..... : (
ew thats gross! :(
wow that spaghetti was good! but i ate way to much and now my stomach feels like its going to blow! :(
out of soya milk :( need to buy more tmrw, gaaaaaah!
yah telat gue buka twitter, padahal ada tiket gratis pitbull :( f**k
ok so i really want see 'why did i get married 2" but from the sounds of it, it don't sound too good :(
kangen soto purwokerto. where can i find it in bdg? :(
i will be back very late sunday night, will you still be around?! we can always do a virtual hug :(
dude the gogo top is diggin into my tattoo lol :(
ih asik bgt snorkling! envy you so much! :(
i miss lucas and peyton t__t i wish they were back on one tree hill. it's not the same without them. :(
fuck, my stretcher fell out in my sleep and i only just realised, now i have to stretch it again :(
photo: artnothearts: i miss my boyfriend’s hug :(
cari pacar lagi cit hha ocidhocidh putus againn with rian rizki agisna :(
cinlang bukany film ya? hahart i missed cinlang class today :(
learned some pretty cool dance moves at katies to "you're a jerk". i'm coming down with something :( throat hurts. goodnight twitter world.
i know! but poor student needs to work :(
so i guess i waited too long, cuz someone drank my tallcan! damn beer isnt even safe in my own fridge :(
i'm hungry.need some food now :(
tell nicki to tweeet if she's still up !! atleast a gooodnite , pretty pleasee :(
its even sadder wen dey find out dey not goin nower wit dat rappin stuff n didn't go 2 college n hav nuttn 2 fall back on :(
iyaa, duhhh beheeelnyaa :( really want it so much
its a wonder y i dont hang with ppl my generation. im a old ladyyyyyyy :( sad
how the fuck did i not know gary numan was playing in la in april? and also not know that robin is playing with him?! dude. total fail. :(
< dam and i am missing it :(
najis ! meni gitu ke aku ii :( pake sendok semen mau? cuapin yahh ;;)
what the duck ? kpn lo balikannya ? putus againn with rian rizki agisna :(
legss hurt :(
