miss you too :(
my phone died so sorry i didn't reply anymoree :(
damn dis is so freaky.... n i didn't brush my teeth yet! :(
sonnnn fruit is missing since 7:30pm :-( she won't answer calls or text i'm getting stressed
me eithaaa :(
at adobe grill ready to go...but my sis is in town for a short time so. i must suffer :(
i love you, so simple, so true, so painful <3 because i miss you :(
i love and i wish i was with himm :( <3
hey neesh...u not following me no more :(
i thought i was gonna hear hip hop tonight :( :/
:( god kill the sheep and lamb :(
this doesnt help set aside my fear of you leaving me :(
whurr jonah is in the room? it isn't even close :(
really!? i was lookin forward to that! :( #clashofthetitans was wack! so disappointed! #fail
editing videos are hard people! :-( takes so much time! i'm so tired!
it away, right on the siren :(
ampuunn..rt aku dulu lbh dikacangin!rt aku makin dikacangin :( sejak
man your nipples are all over my timeline :(
man where are my headphones soo i can watch grey's : (
about as well as all of the other crappy laws passed since fdr. :(
my head hurts from laughing too much :( we'll diff bake next time! im in a mood for cake!!! how abt you?
good morning all. getting ready to go to work :(
i can't i mean tomorrow i have a familiar reunion :( maybe the next week. i'll call u! ok bye bye sweet dreams with justin;)
i hav 200 followers 198% justin fans it beats u on a scale 1 to 10 :(
omg that smile he gives her when she opens the door to rafe u can see the love in his eyes cry cry cry :(
-___-" like this. terakhir kali gw ngaji kpn ya? :( away ngaji -,-
the great kahli is leaving. :(
ohhh okaay. god dammit! i want my photo :(
went out and came home to my son having a hell of a fever :(
sad. just a week more then won't be around to sleep in the office anymore :( minus points to my daily korean chika fix.
okay, preciate that..thought u forgot about me :(
i loathe going back again & again. :(
i dont know :( :( :(
where you going to cut!!!! i'm a all time coward :(
noel has been missing for five days now :(
:( stupid uber. new avi is just a blue bird for me. hurry up & update already
i got april fooledinto thinking i was talking to you on msn, i really thought it was you :(
i said i was goin to bed early but i'm still up i thought he was gonna call :( guess not
in the middle of watching ellen and the power went off! how tragic :(
i didn't win the euro millions again last night so it looks like i will have to do a full days work today :-(
im going to bed early fuk it :-( ---#lies
don't know who the reference was about but, yeah- it would be freaking hard... so far there's a 8 yr waiting list if not more! :(
i know.. the diet ones are death. :(
i know right! :o i get it everyday after schooool. :(
live report aja ya cip dari sana ksksks aaa :( ayo ayo kesini yuk aaaaa recital :'( omw gk
have nothing to do at home :( ah shit
me too! :(
:( #zodiacfacts there is almost negligible or no compatibility when a taurus female is paired with a gemini man.
.....what's going on giirrrrll :( u should..
aw damn ! :( lolz ... well yay me for being the 1st of the last ! haha
that's so true :( when u're pissed off with ur parents, think : u're lucky to have them, many ppl long to see theirs.
get for me one too! i'm stucked at home like foreverrrrr. :( can i like not bath and run to mac and buy melts? :/
oh no!! what did i do?? what did i do??? :(
i need some bm.. because i'm bored!(n) :(
the saddest thing in the world,is loving someone who no longer loves you :(
since when are hollywood parking meters on until midnight. who needs $50 anyway. :(
sucks for going to martunis without me! :(
aww :( haha. welll at least yyou got the hang of it now! sort of lol
toilet lg rusak i need toilet :(
mice ate my mocha hot cross buns... :(
i'm know :( *cries in a corner*
very hard to forget you...
:(
i wish i cud sleep :( i'm so depressed tht i cant
oh aight i hear ya ... so when di next ustream? and u nuh add me on the oovoo :(
i feel so bad and tired.. :(
i wasn't always like this...i mean i've always hated driving but the nausea only set in a couple years ago. not fun :(
lawrence makes me miss ic... 3.5 months is too long :(
watching the puddles gather rain... :( so stormy, i wonder if that big tree will finally fall on that old house?
yes you did miss it! :( what the fuck happened to you?!?!?!
enggaaaaaaaak -_- lg fall in ♥!!!!! thankyou vinaa ,, tapi lagi *ga tau deh namanya apa* :(
aduh aduh gemes.aku g puny kucing :( jd mainin kucing tetangga aj.rt ihh lavy dulu itu (cont)
not liking being up this early on a saturday...workin already :( how bloomin poo is that :-o
will i ever get notice by her?i a 100% a #jasminators :(
haha
hot hot hot sun in cochin :(
they won't let me go alone... :( even though i can take the subway for free...
:-( looks like i'm not going out tonight then :-(
i miss sushi :-(
we need more trees. :( half a day of rain and bangalore was cool for 2 days. now it's back to the bloody heat. argh!
fuck... i fucking hate work... i'm so exhausted :(
they've been so strange for a couple of weeks now... i think its an issue with them, not us. :(
feel like going but i've got to wake up early for church .... :( i really dun want to have a hung over when i go to church ... :(
that's what i was telling the other day. rob admires ryan gosling. he is a good actor but too mujeriego :(
thu..co g..ugh..rt eeeh .. napa lu ? jalan* kok bete :( ugh..sbel..jln" mlh mud na keq tahik..hueh..
thats the only reason i cant get anything. not allowed the credit card, sucks :(
:( that last part makes me kind of sad. i wish i had got to see you. oh well, next time for sure, ok?
man wish i was there :(
good friday service was so special!excited 4 the cross walk 2morow in saticoy!pray4my hubby,i think i got him sick :(
trying not to get sick. i hate being sick. i feel crummy :(
:( i'll try again.
on call this weekend = no fun :(
now i have to fix up n do this jump in the next few months! but it will happen!!!! i'm sooooo gutted!!!! :(
im not so sure. :/ it's because of the lame research proposal. we should make one before class starts on june. :(
muridku malah dtg smwa,mba.. :( ngantuuuk.. murid2 pd ga dtg,ya iyalah scara long weekend.. knapa (cont)
maaan ii guesss aiint my riide or diie anymore :(
so ttiiiiirrrreeddd :(
just need a friend for listen my trouble. :(
trying to write a song, i can't seem to find the right words :(
i am closing in on 1,000 tweets...i am starting to agree with people...i am a tweet-whore :(
life never fails to surprise me....this day got worse. :(
wish i was better. im not seeing the person i was seeing anymore. :( congrats on getting on tv.
my toe hurts, my boyfriend is asleep, and i miss him. this is not good :(
suka npha gliran dia y6 off.....??? (tears) :-(
that slight blood splatter on the bat is so damn perfect. i woulda watched the stream but i was distracted making chiptunes :(
it doesnt exist amnymore :(
uh oh, anxiety is back :(
tom ford! bali on may is coming.. still don't have a sunglassess.. recommendation, please! :(
just got back from dear john. we cried a hella lot. awh :( hit me up
hillary t! i need you :(
the oven died on me, and my roast is still raw. no crackling for me :(
damn kesian the girl :( i felt so darn sick after reading bout it.. how can people be so damn sick :(
it became $3 & just closed :( i did. i live in the throne la..who used to go to the hawthorne $1 movie...
i wish i were going :( ____me too!!
oma, atik maen ke ur hoz hari snin jo ne.. cz npa atik pe mom ada saki.. :( so i can't go anywhere today.. gpp to? wkwk
lololol i wanna go soooo bad! :( imma try talkin to my cousin lol. you're going?
can you please follow us?? :(
shouldve stayed my ass at home...smh :(
this is realy the time save me :(
52 cupcakes. check! easter sunday. not check. no baby shower cupcakes for me. wah wah! :(
:( stupid oregon. it rains too much.
soooo wish i was there. :(
i need cat eye contacts...i wanna be a cat....but i can only pretend to be one :(
okay i'm trying to do 's sentence . i've put my heart off while waiting :(
sadly, i didn't this time & thats some nasty ass boone's farm. :(
lool are you laughin at me cuz i get paranoid :( ?
about 45 mins left at work gonna start watching welcome to macintosh... since i can't get an ipad right now :(
is gone to bed, work in the morning. :(
my mom used to give it to me as a kid :( it never worked usually just gave me gas lol
u didn't follow us :(
sh*t i cant buy 's album! :(
r.i.p itrip :( it was fun while it lasted </3
morning!! busy day today starting now! gonna miss all the f1 action too :-(
yes ada temen besok rambut gua dipotong :(
am i intimidating?? :(
i'm sorry to hear that! cepat sembuh yaa! ia nih gaenak badan humpf :( kamu sakit?
idk, i just happen to live in an area where there are no girls nearby :(
fuck un dia mas sin mi god of war 3 :(
yea but i really need for them to stop cause my dream will never become real :(
+1 i feel so bad and tired.. :(
mau pake piercing please :(
awww :( well i didnt know what to do today and my friend was in for boston...but you can be you'll see me this week
i know that. i wish soon!!! i want to be fine now. :( thanks gf. ☺
i hope my bff got her blackberry already :) ily ara miss you so much :( i need someone to talk to :(
why uma even up et this time? still drunk :( hah
your malaysian fans scream for you...we are happy you guys are coming but so many of us can't go coz we can't get tickets!!! :-(
