body is soooo sore! :(
q:what was your favorite piece of playground equip... a:swing set. now it just makes me dizzy :(
i want her :(
*faints* why everytime i tio dua last minute de ? effing sad sia :(
watching movies alone on a friday night :(
well gnite!!! ily all expecially youll see a pic of me and him someday :( that was my birthday wish to make him know i exist♥
argh backache and headache. feel like eating mee siam tapi tkt muntah. :(
magpies steal a win with the umpires help. poor demons :( #aflpiesdemons (via
rip john forsythe aka charlie from charlies angels :( and sonia mcmahon!
lol well i've never seen a pic of you so i can't comment on that honestly! but i just know i'd be happy there :(
is excited for her early birthday celebration :) loving allll of my friends! shoutout to amy.. even though she doesnt have twitter :(
coba liat git, gue juga kecewa po sepatu gitu,makanya lebih milih2 skrg :(
finna come out these clothes.... couldnt make it :( .....i'll be aight... he gets an a for trying
what's wrong, honey?? :-(
are you able to go sleep? i'm way to annoyed that we lost :(
misses her sis sis :-( :-( :'(*tear
doesn't feel well at all.. :(
yup! til yu get like meeee. i'm an alchie :(
no no, it always happens, i do that to everyone! :( its my stupid phone!
i wish was here to kill da dance wit me :( lol---where u at hun
man today is wayy too hot blinding hot :(
photo: bangingonatrashcan: this killed me inside :(
:( it got stuck had to twirl it out it hurt :(
i really miss you. :(
are you going to come out? please :(
just real life :( i haven't tweeted regularly because of it. at least when i finally get to watch a game we win! :)
i dead miss mah bstfriend odddd :( 7 days :/
missing mah ladies in #melbourne....especially the wifey :( the cuzzay...but hey...im gonna partay tonight like no other..watch out wgtn!!
suicide never used to be that hard! :(
this world is slowly going to hell in an easter basket :(
i miss you sooooo mich it's unreal
:(
i just reached home and now i'm going for a haircut! :( i'm so tired! =\ i want to sleep.
:( iim sad relly can't shake out smh ii was ready! have fun tho honey<i am (cont)
leaving someone when you love someone is the hardest thing to do. :(
i know. :(
head cold = bleh :(
i miss people :(
would be more useful than chocolate :(
i want to see you now.. not tomorrow not in a hour now.. :( but its to late and dare out the doggies monster may take me to his place ;) <3
i'm *21 mothja fucka!!!!!!!!!!!« lmbooo i'm so sorry :(
ugggggghh i know :(
drank alcohol last night :( the dj's in mansion are crazy!
whats it gonna take to get youu to follow me then dm me?? :(
why wont you follow me? :(
i go to the site but there is no live stream of daybreak that i can find. :-(
nothing to say :(
magpies steal a win with the umpires help. poor demons :( #aflpiesdemons
i wish dmed me again i deleted his dm :(
this feeeling.. it sucks :(
i've always wanted to be one of those girls that dressed fucking beautiful everyday, i just can't make that happen.. :( dammit.
:( hopefully will not get killed too badly tomorrow.
i won't be back in az til monday night :(
i know right. it's not even difficult to read, but i just don't get why it takes soooo long! :(
i didn't rip my shirt... but i set it on fire :(
damn your work. :( oh i see we need to organise a timezone visit and settle this throwdown soon!!!
i hate my life! i hate my life with ee around. :(
i think he's not serious :(
i miss you more :( #nohomosexual
it was one of the best movies that i ever seen :') but.. he loses his leg/feet .. :(
monday come faster.... miss you too :(
i miss too :(
should go back to da joe....since my plans were cancelled :-( << i hear dat girl!!
they might not be very delicious when they get there :(
thats certainly an inventive way to trash earbuds, the worst part is the shops are shut tomorrow :(
noones me for 15 hours :(
why are yu so mean to me ! :(
so much time and love will go into that cake for it to be burnt :(
