damn u wifi :(
hmm i think i want some cereal, but i dont feel like gettin up to get it and all that jazz :(
um lukehudson20 said that he's sorry for being rude. and i'm sorry for giving him the cord :(
knapa gi? feeling gw ga enk :(
agreed. i'm into the show. as for tomorrow, gots to take a rain check. :( lunch next week still?
clash of the titains was actually really good, farrrk :( my backspace key is being dicky :(
it totally is, but it's a repeat :(
makanyaaa,jgn grogi liat gue..rt mau makan soto tapi tutup, beli es jeruk eh jatoh, bensin mobil habis ... what a bad day :(
q:you're a faggot. a:... :(
cant believe he just said my breath smells like bamboo sticks that came out of wolf pussy. :(
i knew i was forgetting something! it was ashleighs birthday on thursday :(
#amitheonlyone addicted to my ps3??? :(
i have same issue :s need to write more often :(
i didn't watch! i didn't check anything! plz tell me we won! and if we did, i still say its not me :( :)
*cough cough* dry phlegm bleeeeaah :(
kalian jd ke sency ntr?berempat doang?aaahhh iri bgt :(
that would be too awesome! yes come in spring and see the trees! i miss you girls :(
ouch. my head hurts. :(
wow..i'm totally out of it tonight. i forgot to do a few things...one of which i shoulda done when i got in smh :-(
gone to watch pack to leave me for warm jamaica :(
i wish would love me :(
hmm. i'm not in the mood to chat. =/ :( :|
i'm only watching #jonasbrothers go down :( noooo
psh if yu call ur bf 2 am theyre supposed to ans :( sniffle
i hate hate hate hate hate having to sell video games :(
i need food ... im getting tired of bun and cheese and fry fish with hard dough bread :(
i took off my pedometer by mistake all evening so only at 8285. :-(
urgh it's raining :( pls don't get any heavier
doing bare homework... staying up late to finish this all :(
omg!! i screwed up :|  i am so so sorry plases take me back!! :(
everything :( qrrr.
on the way to alton towers soon! quite tired :( x
pray for peace among amy's family :(
what an awesome break i had. back to work tomorrow :(
argh toooooo early!!! not like!! :(
wow, that movie was way depressing. :(
i have the worst hangover ever !! and i'm going to work for 9 fucking hours ........ :-(
where else will cinematic titanic come to chicago? :(
dang it! bottles almost empty. :(
muchas cosas :( u.u
iya n0.q rusak bek,sms kxl aj,ms save kan?rt ngsms pending terus :(
watching jamie olivers food revolution is depressing! how can they call french fries a veg?!?! i feel so bad for him. :-(
feet are killing me!!! that's what 6in heels will do to you! :(
(y)!! :( #zodiacfacts #virgo doesn’t like to lose control of any situation
awake 2 this:rt but they'd have to stop hot oil-massaging bill long enough to read our emails. unlikely to happen. :(
hey 2 be fair that lunch date happened by chance. but girls i think played me, hasn't tweeted since :(
speechless ... : (
i miss hoopin in hs... :(
shit like what's going on doesn't even count as drama. just plain old meltdown. :( i'm sorry you and your fam has to go through it.
oh god, please gimme a strength .. :(
aww sowwy... u are always sick babe :( hope u get better.. and btw wht time is it there?
i'm in my lab not smart enough to test it ;-) damn & here i'm at home not in my lab to test this out :(
ermmmm.. not the contacts it seems. i dunno :(
i'm so homesick. i miss my flannel sheets :(
iyaaa suhuu jangan main meluluu..rt pengen cepet sembuhh :(
i'm so loving weekends.. i miss my home :(
why does time go so slow when you want to go somewhere, it always happens to me :(
i don't get it! :(
omg and i just talked on the phone for 2 1/2 hours! that's kindaaa tm. imma miss you guys so much :(
yes. and i feel like a freak/stalker for even bringing it up and i'm really embarrassed. :( but on the other hand... it's sweet!
good morning! its raining and i have a major headache :(
dont be :(
its raining like hell in london :(
fuck i wish i woulda stated in the dalles :( i regret leaving yesterday i woulda had the best weekend ever but i fukd up big time
i miss louise, brittany and sammee already. :(
teeehee i love you, tooo! but, i'm back in ct now :( have funnn though!
everything fucking hurts... :(
please baby =( te extraño un monton lo sabias? :( reportate pronto! :'(
i haven't seen the advert for 's shine shine tour yet :(
