ugh :( i kinda do but then i don't. blah. >.<
my son is cursed with wide feet.....the length on the size 5 seems okay, but trying to squeeze his foot in was torture po baby :(
yeah not all! :(
not sure what it is.. but if it's a goal or dream.. don't give in.... just tired of trying :(
noooo!! was going to watch on iplayer tomorrow... :(
offt i'm away i think :) a little tired... or maybe i'm not d: my body can't decide :(
nooo you need to come to chicago, asap!! :(
i have been waiting on the phone 2 hours to talk to u on radio disney :( it didn't work :( can i like dm u mi number lol srsly
everyone remembers my mistakes, i'm always the drunkest :(
i want to watch the wanker video link pleasee? :(
:( i havent either.
it looks like we're not on florida anymore :(
aw..i hope you feel better soon lisa!! <3 you! sorry cleveland :-( sick singer ...
right i really am gonna bed now,have to get up early, + sister want the laptop :( byeee'ox
thank you unfollowers, i love you too </3 :(
yeah i do :( and my dog din hays
i hate storms. :(
did you see the horrid pic of sp in his horrid clothes and sunnies? $100k at macy's not doing much for him :( poor guy.
i want my dog back :(
aww the boat :( haha but it is delish! can't lie
my son jassiel on his very first night out with his friends to the movies !! omg i feel old .... :-(
the hottie ( ) stop talkin 2 me :(
i got drunk, went to sleep and went out on the town! but i was the oldest one out! so i come home :(
i should stop listening to watcha say.. it's not helping :'( i should listen to paramore.. the only exception. it won't help either tbh :(
i feel like you sellin me a dream :(
still surprised that ipad isn't trending. :(
im takin a twitter break, im soo upset! ttyl tweeps.. like why act like that.. thats smebody who im never gon meet, & dont care if i meet :(
bored>awwwwww me too :-(
yea. :(
ooooo! you re gonna be all famous!!! and forget about people like me :( .
i am home alone. they left me. :( no food in the house. my ramen is out of stock. malls are closed. i am hungry.
53 48 for vermont at the half :( #rainmen
im watching the fourth kind, im scared kynnnaaa :(
noo not yet!! no one will go with me :(
:-( awww i don't get home till 530ish.
at this dinner thing with kayla ready to go. phones dying :(
i am tired :(
i dont want to go to the future i want to go back :(
to com saudades :( (@manciolli live on
nahhh lool i didn't kno i was gonna go to them places so didn't bring i'd lool :( weren't really in a drinkin mood anyway x
aww... :( swim for me. (even if you don't love beaches) i love mati's "virgin" shores. :)
he has a crack on it's side :(
i was just about to tweet you spooky i can taste the chocolate too mmmm no peanut butter eggs though :( x
that's what he told me too. :(
not for me i'm sick as a dog :(
cut myself shaving. now the back of my knee hurts. :(
two things just realized: one, the public health dept would totally condemn my coffeemaker; two, i need to go out to return a dvd boo :-(
im finally back...now i wonder what im going to do, prob watch and movie and do my circuits project :(
where my babe at tho :(
got interviewed for some new japanese tv show at t he noh workshop i visited last night. but i don't know when it's on :(
no sd for me tonight since baseball is on instead. set it up to tape. after bad news earlier, this didn't make my day :(
though the ponyo remix may be fun to dance to, it sounds obnoxious if you listen to the words. i want the normal one. :(
i'm sad. one of the smoke squad (http://tinyurl.com/yh5srh8) members fall from the sky (http://tinyurl.com/ygpyuhd) :(
have fun tonight y'all! so bummed i had to break out early :(
i thought we was gonna get manipedi yo wass good smhh-sorry iii forqot bout you! :(
in so much pain :( had enough now! x
now they are recasting morgan on #gh! :( boooo!!! he is so darn adorable!
oh!!!! i get it!!!! :( that's really unfair on patrick!!!!
no not 66 bad number! :( -taylor
gotta go 4 a walk with hubby & dog- then dry girls' hair. bbs :(
& its time like these i wish i could drive to go see teresa!! ugh can't wait for her pledging to end :(
sorry to hear about your friend :(
awww yeah i know, u know i didn't see my family since 2000 :(
i don't know why but i really want kendra to tweet right now :(
going to cody's viewing tommorow & the funeral on monday. :( r.i.p. cjv </3
somebody should go 2 the market for me. i need food essentials (i.e. milk, cereal, butter,eggs etc) but i don't feel like going out :-(
you know, i get tired of always having to be the bad guy around here. :(
only in the us :(
headache. things aren't looking good. i feel like dieing :(
so: i put off buying a ticket to copeland's orlando show next week...and now it's sold out. fail. :(
