rofl "if you have the courage show your boobs plz :( "
poor itachi :( kabuto made 5 dolls for the war , and one of them is ..made of itachi's corpse :( fucking kabuto :@
i wish i could play #yafrenzy but i'm editing, and i have no idea how many words i'm adding :(
trying to get phoenix hanging so i have something to do when i come back down there.......sad :(
back from sports day ! haha , lost for tug o war . but it was worth the experience . super sorry to my sports team though ! :(
man! just things on my mind :(
i lost everything. laptop datas, blackberry datas. paper, yearbook datas everything :(
help me out justin bieber fans! :( in 30 days will have -8 followers according to twittercounter
i have the worst tension headache tonight. :(
when you lose a parent, holidays are just another day :-(
oook, just great! i'm going shopping tmrw :( damn, aah, i didn't feel likeit
why did i go outside!! it ruined my night, smh :(
i know. :(
you guys. not even kris tweeting cheered me up after hearing that rumor. i was hoping for at least a co-write! :(
walking the st of el cajon cause my sister dont love me :( mely loves me more
low quality ung video alabo :(
:( damn it.... anymore??
lmaoo no in applebee's :(
just saw this... :(
no, she said it wouldn't have mattered it had to be school source :(
twitter dont like me :( lolss
hell yeah, i mean she's so lucky to having syn gates ! omg lol i hate michelle. she's a lucky girl :(
i had an amazing night!! the rain kind of ruined it though b/c we were going to get ice cream but the rain prevented that :-(
off byee :(
gak ikhlas kalo hello baby sampe tamat... gak tega liat yoogeun pisah sama shinee :(
eek! :-( have u got some dettol antiseptic cream?put it straight into it-it will help sooth it straight away!works well 4 burns
they have a mesh they put overnight to stop the wild cats. now the fish are jailed during day as well :(
osso bucco in the oven. shame it's beef, can't find veal anywhere :(
lame lame :( oh will see you guys tomorow :)
dm me you're last name! i can't find you :(
hey. no he didn't. i dunno wat happened! :( i made it but it like shut down or somethig!
dang, i left my cup of milk on the other side of the roommm :(
half way done with the second show today. 2 more tomorrow then done with graffiti dancers :(
dreaming about --->@theeklassik...when am i gun wake up to ya *wifey*??? :(
#peopleshould make a new fckn trendin topic lol im to busy to do it :(
:-( whyyyy does my tummy hurt so bad? dear lord please take this pain away..amen
i just don't want to show up alone :( haha
already forgotten about him i see :( lmao jermaine sellers, he said he likes to ~rock da onesie~
orianthi can you follow me please? huge fan here. :(
'love actually' me acuerda de :(
#realtalk :(
menghilang boy pacar gue :( kemane aje boleeeeh ƪ(‾▿‾)ʃ pacar gue kemane dah ?
pay damn little can walao :(
oh my heart is breaking for julian mcmahon and his family :( gawd i just don't have the right words.his mom was such a brilliant lady.
adoh mmg gila !!! betul2 fb error, can't change status, can't reply comments, can't walltowall, can't accept friend request :(
me voy :/ all be back :(
lol :( can't i have you both :) lol haha
i'm sorry. it's gone to a better place :(
not everyone, but lots of people:] he had a concert today where i live! but i didnt get to go :(
q::o your so mean :''( a:i'm sry but i had to say it. :( sry babe
thnx mom!!!!! making me wacth my brother 2mmor. you need to get that i'm not his dad!!!! >:| i love u mom jut ahhhh fuck :(
awe that's soooo good to hear!!!! sorry i'm not there with u :(
maybe it's more fun with friends :(
&& feeling some type of way --->idk why :(
i wish i was there but i had a gig :(
writing a new song and realizing how much i miss my friend :(
there's actually nothing to wear >.< and nowhere good to buy anything :(
then they'd do the same to me :( i'm so fat that if i ever come to holywood they'd probably think i'm pregnant -.-"
what happened 2 u all day!? :( on the way 2 a 4rnds bday! umm do u still werre a tounge ring?
but i want talk to you :( c'mon, send at least a 'hi' to me, please!
i have snipets of songs, but just nothing complete :( i think ill go in quarantine tomorrow and write like 35436 songs
im either too busy or too tired, and if i do i only go for a half hour :( itll change eventually
its sooo cold my knees are shaking. i feel like a lil wimp :(
i need some chocolate :( anybody ?
i am, 9-4 :(
you can walk daddy :(
suddenly i missed ewalk-ing with :(
it scares me to death that he's in the closet. :( he's not a closet napper. ugh.
i wana play badminton. :( but my leg is injured..
can you get to tweet me :(
that was mean and hurtful to me :( only she gets to joke? shoe fly u 2.
i'm gonna be right outside of s.a. tomorrow! if we were staying overnight i would say let's meet up, but.. :( so close, yet so far
how do u play this? i lost the :(
retweet if you hate it when people don't text back! :(
oh no! do you have any idea where? :(
haha , but you didn't work ! sad :( is ahber shift .. sorry idk how spell . haha ^ ^
sorry. :( only cause i like you.
gah! i missed club sexin time... but i have my toy all wound up :( i am fail. boo on me.
crying? :(
kag wima ne jg gag pnh bales :( bales dong son, gmana sih emang blm pernah di baless?? :)
my computer just crashed again sorry :(
no! haha its 5.45am i can even here the birds out singing hahaha ive been sick all night :(
hapyyyy birthdayy girllll 22 your gettin oldd :( your no longer the lil jit with us lol well you havent been in a while love u
q:youre hot ;) but youre only 4 feet :( and im 14 and 5'8" i... a:i was kidding i'm like 5 9
wait!you are talking about sa christmas pics?!?! how do you know? gaah i wish i never read yours cuz i am already dying! :(
so n his fro made my internet disappear :(
hell yeah! goo unh! i would tell you guys to come party with me if i wasn't home :( lol
such boring saturday! :(
can you help me to add that #twibbon to my avatar, please... pleaaaassseee... :(
:( it's true :( it's boxie!! lol what is this strange haze that is covering barbados?
i love that boy :(
sorry i wasn't able to join tinychat :( i wasn't online. tweet me if there's (cont.)
she is gorgeous, but it is in fact, not a great album :(
ummmmm stop being funny!<am i? i get jealous when you out & about without me :-(
i only want it to bring one boy to the yard but he is in vietnam not melbourne :(
lg dmn des??rt get well soon my grandpa :(
ah! that makes me so sad! :(
i am only following 21 people, but twitter insists there are 22. learn your numbers, twitter :(
marsh is abusive :( martini ranch tonight with the new kids i adopted! ready to watch go off on some tables!
wish he had woken up to a better view :(
...okay, why are you down my claud :(
i hate that spring break is almost over :(
oh :( i dont have a roof ! listening to music . (: bbming !
oh okay :( i'll miss you buddy lol love ya peace out!
i thought herx was normal too :(
i miss matt :( i want to go home :(
my ipod just ran out of space. :(
i feel so bad for worrying my friends and sis -if one of them can't get me, the whole bunch start worrying and chain-calling :( lucky girl.
i like the way she called to ✓ up on me b/c she knew something was wrong w/ me. i miss my bff :( i ♥ you!
ok, seriously going back to work :( i dont wanna but i must...being your own boss is gr8t but there is no punching out and goin home here...
grain-waves rip us off :( their packaging is a big puffy thing then the little chips inside are all at the bottom quarter of what the bag is
of course you are!!! gotta show the love for both of your guys! my guy is quiet...as always! i miss him..... :-(
lol di ko na alam did you ask any of our fcp editors? sorry i cant help you out dude. :(
was really hoping to go out today ! :( plan failed miserably . oh well
i dont think im alive anymore. i've died inside too many times. :(
just got home from spending 7 hours in the emergency room, you wouldn't be proud of me! fingers ran into a saw today :-(
me wants :(
wow that totally scared me. i've been scared of him he is strong and can kill you in 5 sec. :(
whoa! pandora threw it back #np jump off by lil'kim "this is for my peeps wl the bentelys the hummers the benz.." ha ha ny man :(
ohhh i never saw it :(
but nike is expensive. :( i wish i had some discount card or something.
idk why but i just randomly decided to come on twitter... yeah i still like facebook more... sorry twitter :(
hey, sorry i didnt answer, twitter issues. :( lucky's is on jefferson w of 75, i'm a shot girl-mon & thurs night, stop in!
ooo the balls on these are cute. but they outta stock! :(
don't you still have mines :(
so sad. i gotta leave y'all and go to bed :( just when it was getting interesting... *sigh* good night.
i hate british banks!!! they get more days off than anyone else! now i have to wait 'til tuesday to get paid :(
lols haha if we were alone ud kno why i call myself "bad" ;) haha ooh damn yeah i'm kinda bored 2 , juss rlly tired :(
: ohh when you coming back :(
no and i cannot for the life of me figure out how to edit it. there's a subscribe icon on the side, tho. i'm still tweaking. :(
@sweetndsour10 no its rihanna dumb ass<<< umm my bad :(
aww :( #freakyfactsays 25% of girls, 13-17 had experienced violence from a boyfriend and 33% had been pressured into unwanted sex.
