girl...we all know why he left her, cause she sucks at life! she can't dance, fight, suck or screw! did you see that tape? :(
i wish i could be a chippendale :(
know any people from tedx india ? wish we could have tedxchandigarh too :( #tedxmumbai
that sucks :(
loads of fun in the crow's nest last night! heading for xing xang....can't get off the ship there either. :(
bad day in office. i wanna go home :(
love someone we cnt hav. thts kinda wat most of us beliebers do :(
ha ? bukannya ada ? #ic3 mao mulee ..nonton ahh hburan sbtu siang walo gag ad #cakkanuraga :(
but then we graduate :(
ghost whisperer is making me emo . :-(
good luck! hwaiting! miss talking to you on msn. :(
whaaat? :(
i hope that call wasn't ignored and you were instead dreaming =/ you know you mean a lot to me even though you're having a tough time :(
g?makasih..wkwk..rt i hope that ure there :( miss u so much .
i think i've given up hope. :( will never follow me. :'( i dont think she realises how much it would mean to me!
:( boys suck..and we, girls, are too gullible. :/
please follow me. it would mean alot. i feel like you dont notice mee loll. :(
your show at the 930 club in dc is sold out :(... i wanted to see you perform :( :(
ahh y am i up so early :( :(
my nails done got fucked up from babysittin. :(
i want one because i want one :(
drinking whiskeys with sha is good but not *as good* :(
ah oon sapa,mba? there are two people who love each other but they don't belong together... :(
thank you. amber is on the side that i cropped. sorry :(
you know the world is coming to an end when you see justin beiber posters and cds in hot topic :(
love someone we cnt hav. thts kinda wat most of us beliebers do :(
ugh sumpah nyokap gue mulutnya bocor bgt. :(
please follow me :( it would mean alot lot lot! :)) please??? #jasminator ,,
hheu.. maaf belaaa.. emang semua pda di rumah sakit ya? gw abis cek lgsg capcus bel, bawa motor jd ga tw ada sms :(
i hate being on my period. it makes my emotions go crazy! this is the worst! :(
i wasn't in class on thursday :( so idk mannn :/
:( i miss your funny/weird/random tweets!
no voice before baoc, how canzxzxzxx :(
ngerjain tugas nda hehe knpknp?rt iiiiih pada ngapain kerumah lo thal? :( mililani: tifa nya udh dirmh gua mel
hiks t.t gua pengen kita jadi kakak adek kayak dulu, please !! i want to be your sister :(
:( someday never comes ♫
:( you owe me the subscription now! shut up, or else santa will rape you in sleep!!
well you guys could of played with me :(
fine ya okay nobody talk to me i have no friends apparently :( whatever i'll get over it i guesss :(......pleeease? lol
:( they never want to see us...
please follow me :( it would mean alot lot lot! :)) please??? #jasminator ..,
someone needs to buy me a phone :(
tonight is my cop marathon. we own the night, street kings and was gonna watch pride and glory but it wasnt there :( oh well. got 2 outta 3.
why cant somebody just tell me what to do. i need somebody to vent to. i dont knooow!!! :(
i know you do. :( i don't know how much more of this i can take d:
you wrong for them cutoffs bro :(
feel so sad that i can't bring my toddler play the park around jakarta. no choice except mall again :(
no. laundry & shower...no bed :( did wahlberg put you to bed girl??
gabisa kalem x0 soalnya yang laen curang pake voting fiktif.. :(
yes it is. on my b day :(
twitter off !! me duermo!! :(
lol buttt no one was tweeting me :(
haha, sounds good! but actually have to go. :( some stuff to get done b4 bed. have fun u twats!! **hugs**
wissshes ii cud ssleeeep :( fmllll
aww i wish you weren't kidding :( lol
alguém me leva no show do foo fighters esse ano? :(
mmhmm, i don't blieve that lizzy but ehhhh... i hate that feelin tho, i gotta b up early :-(
n0 :( missed it. was it g00d?
chikoritas cute and alll but its so hard to get past the first gym with :(
hi stupid =/, i work at buffalo jeans, come get some brand name ish for 50% off --> seriously.. i need new jeans :(
i miss :( bring me somthin frm hk ha? :> :)) hahaha xd
what's it like? :) they really do! if they want their kids to be stuck up that's their decision but we don't have to be! :(
movie maker is being mean to me! :( i need helppp!
i feel super guilty going out tonight :( but i'd also feel super guilty if i don't see my adelaide friends tonight. fml.
xoxoxox... im off to work :(
twitter deleting the trend :(
i knew i shoulve seen clash of the titans :(
please follow me :( it would mean alot lot lot! :)) please??? #jasminator ////
r u serious?! like for real? :-( << yea... its ok tho we can kick it somehow someday... smile!
i miss my babies :(
i've blown my nose so much today that now my nose is all rosado. :(
i need money :(
i can't subtweet sorry :(
i'm so stupid again ! i regret! :(
girls, let's go out tonite!! :( and party (cont)
i've been having dreams too : ( & i can't stop 'daydreaming' about it either.
was watching qurantine, last 5 minutes or so of the movie is left. cable goes out :(
ive benn not so good & sorry cannt got into a fight with my momm . & got my fone takennn away :(
timeee to go lay in bed & watch the little rascals. have to wake up early tomorrow for derby dayy :( goodnight ! <3
i want an iphone man : (
didn't get the link or see a blog post about either :(
im awake already, :( what a rubbish night sleep. im sure i was awake every hour coughing. its getting boring now.
actually that's really bad :( what is with people???
im not really sleepy :(
i'm about to watch nn right now. then bed. i've neglected the dn all week. :-(
he's suppose to be my older brother's son...or,not..man!! i wish i knew the truth :(
pasteur toll...1 kidney already nearly burst. :(
; thanks love are you ever coming home ? :(
i wanna see "why did i get married 2" so bad in theaters... been since september since i seen movie at the movies... :(
the day is upon us... why cant i be off work a bit earlier so that i can avoid the line :(
i feel to the floor crying when melbourne lost... :( you guys were soo lucky
i know the feeling, who invented early mornings :(
see? when he changed his username, the tweets dissapeared :( i know a blogger account where they're all, but i can find it.
it's okay, i probably would've found out somehow :( dammittttt
so under the weather today tweeps :( everyone be careful out tonight.
awww my fat ass lls<< hell yes haven't ate since 3 :( lol
:-( goodnight
guess i'm off to copa :-(
nooo! :(
went to tha cambrige for nuthin :(
i gained a follower and i thought it was but it wasnt :(
how about your work at unilever? hard mai? fun mai? not fun at all! miss uni life already! :(
i said i wouldnt kareoke... but i did! :(
now i realize how long i haven't kicked it with my bestfriend :( ifcknmissyoubabe!
please please please please please please jasmine follow me---its my only chance--- :(
awe :( boooooooooo
i'm afraid if my dad did the same thing like hers :-(
i miss you 2 baby :( ...
ezxept antarctica?! :( frown frown..
after pushing miss2 around in the pram all day, i'm bloody tired :(
idk where u went :( and i had the goon platoon waitin on me outside sorryyyyy
i dreamt i could text again with unlimited :( but i just woke up with my neck aching like crazy..
i don't have time to be sick!! there is too much to do! :(
leaned on the sofa for a minute, next thing, i was already sleeping.
tired, tired eyes. :(
haha yeahh and now i must study :-( i'm hanging out for chocolate and footy tomorrow!!
i live in penrith :| its gay & its takes over an hour to get to a beach! :(
your never guna notice me , im guna just give up :(
what operation? what's wrong, dear? :-(
awww :( that sux....me 2....smh
the mayo is gone :(
wow, they love u at easter weekend :( its right its my sisters birthday tomorrow, i will get no attention hahaah
:( dont give into her..i dont like that even if its play
huk :( gatau deh :'( why? dreams make life worth living dong :) dreaming makes me dumb :'(
woops. iforgot my gucci messenger bag at my grandmas house :(
kangen joy :( salam buat smwa yaa gaby :) familly time. si joy msh terobsesi make spatu. hah, adik2ku lucu2 smwa...
morinig everyone! hope everyone has a nice day! im off to work :( half seven on a saturday morning! bad bad times! xx
ok i give up! i will go over my tweet limit and u wil never se my last tweet! :(
i'm sick pala, can't party :( next week na lang!
plz go see why did i get married! i cried like a baby :( its a must see!
that's the problem :( #slash
my stomach hurt sooo baaddly! :(
i miss you toooo biggie g :(
im going to bed baby :(
only had one piece of chicken. what a tease :(
no intrestin' movies releasin', feelin' sad,. and forgot to go the bank :-(
i enjoyed miami medical i think i found a new show to bad its on friday :(
guess i'd ask for randomness now. ferrari is not looking very strong on empty tanks which means, qual compromised :(
awwwe that sucks :(
ohhhh. well that sucks. nevermindd then, you has no other choice :(
