nope next train is in an hour :(
nothing ruins a relationship like running the race...so sad to watch people fall apart :(
craving for japanese food. :(
#drunktweet i want sex now! lol :(
there's no use looking back or wondering. :| :( playitcool =[ haay :|
working out .. i work tommorrow :( but, i get to wear my bunny ears so , yay !!:-d
aww man :-( wish i could go.....well since i'm on some fuck atl type shit at the moment lets go to cali see the fam ...lol
back from movies with desmond . no need to stress out anymore over dinner . hes not going :(
my boobs hurt! :( #dontjudgeme #itsjuspms
wishes i was in austin texas right now :(
wohoo i win :) cause 2 for me 1 for cody and none for eric :(
i hate saying goodbyes.. :( my cousin's leaving na..
i juss wish i had a. chance to say goodbye to my dad ! :( rip daddy i love u !
how hard is it to get 2 more followers? :(
i have snipets of songs, but just nothing complete :( i think ill go in quarantine tomorrow and write like 35436 songs
lol..ah ahn nau. i laughed cos i found it funny :(
my bath had the worse timing ever :( my good mood keeps getting chunks taken out of it
i love to dance bad that my friends had to travel :(
omn ! that movie ending was so sad :( i'm never fighting w/ again ! smh
u tell ur friends that u and james decided to call off the wedding....... reality u caught him sleeping with ur brother... :(
aw i wish still had lpu :(
thanks....*hugs back* :(
oo. i haven't. he's out watching tv or something. im back in the room cuz im on't feeling good... :(
ugh its kinda cold in here :-(
i have tests next week. monkey balls :( can't seem to study!
adam and kris are finnaly in america! someone lock them up and nevr let them leave us! they could die :(
am angry with u! :( goin to bed cus u hv 4gotten me :( bye!!!!!!!!!
if you looked at my left wrist, you might think im depressed/emo. moslt becase of the bruise inflicted by a softball :(
i'd really love to attend event, too bad, i can't escape from my cage :( wish you all the luck
woww. i'm at this huge crazy party that i've always wanted to go to but i'm not dressed the part or in the mood lol :(
wants to be in line for an ipad :(
i'm lonely :(
canadian rap... even my brother understands it. i feel so out of the loop :(
i can't reply to the dm...your not following me :(
i really hate when i get 2 feel'n like this,ugh!its not ah good mood 2 be in all :(
3 days n i havent solve my rubix cube :( i wonder how solves it in a minute!!
i've been scared of him he is strong and can kill you in 5 sec. :(
riding in the tow truck, listening to the driver. batmobile relapse today... : (
follow me back please :(
hdu notice my spiral bellybutton :( haha its craycray
broke mine today too nd i have no way to charge my phone ugh ima cry :( lol
ohhh hahah... i was like wth??? what happened! :( :o
cuz gott help my daf pay off this house! :(
omfg, im not lpu member :( *cry*
lady gaga is here today! would love to go to her concert tonight but the tickets sold out way too fast :(
thank goodness your up!! im sooo bored!!! i cant skype because i just moved and i cant download it.. :(
awee my boo boo is sleeping :( i really want someone to sleigh my life right before i snooze :) hmmm or ...
soooo full. why do i always eat to much. :(
wish i could see you when you and george strait come to kc reba, but no one to see you all with! :(
eff! i had to leave in the middle of a good ace performance! :(
:( i really dont wana be touched right now.
its saturdaaayy??? oh no! tomorrow must be sundaayyy!! and i have to finish this flash holiday :( plisss make it stay in saturday!!
ohh that sucks, i'm sorry :( i love california, it's so beautiful.
this is getting ridiculous. its freezing and i hate no sweater. :(
damn a crossroads... n scared... we jus never get a break! :(
yesss if only... :(
aww i'm rite here :) where is piris?!! :( la extraño! i can't go to sleep w/o talkin to her
aw :( and no need to apologize! :) some people have foolish logic.
dont co-own your account with anybody! we just want youu :(
:( why?
i'm closing my eyes right now & pretending that i'm touching the easter bunny‼ ooo s/he's so soft & furrry!!! :-( furrry is good—
some place in dc. i miss uuu :(
ducks lose in a shootout :(
that's awesome! cupcakes were #fail :( #barcamporlando
i want a college ring :(
aww poor polar bear :( im watchin something on foxtel about a polar bear its so sad what happens but a happy ending :) the bear lives
i love your dress! it looks adorable!! those kind of dresses are always crazy short on me :(
/i'm t
not yet. im not allowed until monday :(
easter candy aisle at target on a good friday night is a whiny place, moms worse than their kids! no cadbury eggs left, waited too long :(
