s/w, its tru! all of the kardashians are that's not nice :(
missing :( goodnight everyone, be blessed ...
last night in texas. :( #txrdtripnc (@ san antonio at lakeview)
:( where were you! it was amazing.
i broke my finger.. :(
ow *teary eyes* i miss my high school senior life and my awesomes and amazing classmate .. 7b :(
just saw sheridyns new bunny, makes me really want to get my bunny, ive put it off for too long :(
i miss you :(
why? :(
shall stop using fone and start focusing on wadever's outside. i dun wanna miss stop :(
i feel so bad. i told him that i was going to get his ip address and kick his ass for impersonating daniel. :(
cindy is too long :( i really can't stand the pain cindy :'(
;) haha ahh well, you dont ask you dont get ;)« :(
:( :( are you ok?
when are you coming :(
i'm cold in this big ass bed <<< i feel the same :-(
this week has been draining my energy. wait... week or the sniffles? :( i can't breathe. tis unpleasant. hope i'm not sick on easter.
chill la !! maybe going eat pizza thn yam cha gua . you leh ? i think will be around pj . my cha siew pao at subang :(
speech day songs i've yet to learn.. :(
ghost adventures...why am i watching this??? i'm not gonna be able to sleep tonight... :-(
so... no ghost hunting :( i'm sad inside now lol "hippity hoppity easters on his way!"
lucky, ima b so hungry 4 sum good cooking,but work both jobs sunday : (
why rachel ray? the porn i can totally understand, but rachel ray?! i thought so highly of you. guess i was mistaken :(
that was the last straw! :(
yesssss oh man :( gotta love grey's. i am dying doing lit!!
:( -__-
:( i wish i cood cum take care of u...smh i hope u get better!
can't think. can't think. can't think. writers block. writer's block :( :@
thank you! but now i have to wait till i get my computer back :( haha
awww what happened to you? :(
i know right. twitter has me very upset at the moment :(
i dunnoe wad to wear also.. :( hmm, mybe pkai dress merag hitam ahh.. hmm..
that's sad the lil kid asked if he could take his cancer away :(
jasmine! that 'poser' of you is upset cause you blocked her! it's supposed to be a joke! she never claimed to be you! :(
i have tons of things to do .......... :(
uggggh i should of stayed with him :(
if usher didn't find him he'd still be the usher we know and love. :(
awww damn i did not know :( happy belated b day pa
haha nah i wish; that's in september and i'm only going for a month in june/july holidays that i know of so far. :( haha
good to hear! :) im alright really bored tho... :( whatelse to do
i miss dao!! #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao :(
oh. em. gee. calvin got dumped? :( #greek
and i made goob feel bad yet again smh :(
me can`t attend twitter party :( nightersss!
i glance at the real estate section and the magazine when i'm at home, because my parents get it delivered :(
there wasn't one today :(
i'd like to but i didn't have xbox or ps3 :( would u send me one? xd~ is it hv the same gameplay like ff xii?
i dont live in sydney. :( haha. brisbaneee (: we have them wen we have holiday at the movies but u guys mite have them go(c)
:( lost 2 followers!! what the hell?? now i need 17 more
in my wallet only 100rb :( hbu?
word i have to see it he's like no i'm not watching that movie it's gonna bore me lol but he made me watch saw. :(
aww loser! #twitterafterdark............ yall ain' ready; i caint eem doit cuhz! :( with that being said, good night
i broke a nail :(
can you please tweet my youtube and help my dreams come true? :( youtube.com/itsedenn <3 one last try...
woke up way to early :( but feel fresh and awake, so let's wait until bob wakes up and go to fetish evolution in essen!
hmmmm my mind jus wondering.... :(
i'm confused right now :s :(
no, i don't have anything fancy. :( wait what is that?
is sad that yadira doesnt tweet back :(
marble slab has came into guildford... i have gotten it 2 days in a row.. im going to get fat from this.. :( my guilty pleasure
official2ne1 is a fake account :(
way too many penalties given away by the bulls :( blues looking really dangerous when they run the ball. not looking good atm :/
gahhh you always see my tweets too late :( love you bejj!
ter poucos followers no twitter :( [por:@weheartdisneyfv]
not especially... just in an angry song lyrics mood :(
