morning all. hey mr left ear please tell your friend mr second piercing to sort itself out :( thank you :)
ahelaaah sms pending semua, yang error axis ato indosat seeeeeee? :(
thats great to read :] ive been um eh ? awe thank you we dont talk anymore which sucks :(
you killed them with my lambrinii :( pmll
why don't i receive your updates on my phone? :(
i can't stop farting :(
jasmine! ;( please reply :( i'm from philippines :(
can't stop my nose from leaking.. :(
hey jasmine, have u ever visited philippines before? :( please reply back.. ;(
i wanna get in my bed but i messed it all up :(
yea jus on my way now.. :( sad times lol y u up early?
yeah duhhhh ! yh i do it all the time buh i got a long 12hours 2day :(
work is dreadful as usual, but i'm getting the hand of it. how's yours!! imu !! :(
aawww just saw the last song i cried to much hehehe it was sad :( but it was a good movie
alhamdulillah ujian success :) ..pngn malem mingguan tapi dy agy pulkam..hiks" :(
i hate u so much right now :(
hahaha! believe me leh!!! :(
yeah, the feeling sucks :( & now i might not be meeting him today, so i won't get to hear last night's stories yet either... boo.
im up :) you have necer tweeted meee u.u i feel so badddddd and i havent followed ! :(
word i'm about to fall out now! maneee i'm ohdee tired :(
followed ( my friend ) on the first day she got twitter. he was her first follower :( (u)
awwww :( #jonas brothers and justin bieber is going down the tt list :'( ..
wtf the party is over and there aint shit to do :( me and lulu are like so wasted lmao
sleepy my lovelys :( ... goodnite all ... and ima sing 2 y'all later ma eyes won't stay open anymore lol
rannnn .trnyat dugaan ak th salah :(
bought tickets for sf for next week. 4 hours later, prof emails that class that i thought was canceled actually isn't. pff :(
any chance for an austin show early may? the show in houston sold out!! :(
omg everytime i see hair i almost cry. i liked it before :(
pff cant sleep :( shittttt pfff
and grandpa is back on the floor.....this is too much for me...................he is always falling on the floor :(
aw thanks sooo much! that would be amazing! :) im so bummed i don't get to meet them. :(
sso effing tired can't sleep started thinking again :(
#f1 #rtl7 look at that! #bbc is presenting out of the pitlane. o wait you rtl guys didn't even start yet. :-( i'm missing the old days.
only party im going to tonight is the one ima dream of! not going out tonight i gotta work be at 8am! :( night(l)
don't go na who is forcing u just sleep the whole day and i so can't focus :(
i went $20 worth over on my text messages this past month :(
but i loved living with my granny. lol :(
you needa chilllllll :(
awwww... :-( just think how much fun we could have had ;-)
6 afghan soldiers were killed in a 'friendly fire'-cnn wondering how friendly it can :(
shut up! i forgot i started it :( only checked in there twice
:( *hugs* i just want to sit down and have a good cry! it's draining! how can people be so cruel to one another!
sendal gw robek sama ade gw!! huhu :( knapa syang? please anyone, get me out of here rite
i forgot to go see last night :( daaaaamniiiiitaaah!
now she wanna watch a movie knowing damn well she gonna be knocked in 10 minutes.. im tight she dont wanna go for a walk tho.. :(
a lazy saturday..no work...all frndz gone home... :(
aww :( i was in that position once and i never wanna go back.
only you ------------ :( :(
everybody go see y did i get married 2..... bomb yall just really sad ending :(
why the changes in digi campus plan?? my friends and i are not happy with it :( we prefer the old plan.
at a's place, he's dieting and i am not allowed to make easter sweets or anything delicious. : (
capat jow ! ! ioio qt so m k sna!rt waiting :(
ah gue sayang lo, sayang gue balik dong :(
:( i'd say. augh i'm sssooo boreddd
omg i need to go to bed. i have to be at work at 8am and its my first day!! :( < goodluck bestie ily. :)
took 2 hours to complete my painting. (finally done) one down, one more to go :(
buts i have to go wash my puppy :(
diusir aja sedihnya.. mksi bnyk cha :( sedih ku betah banget ak :) senang
can u follow me? please!? :'( ive been trying for so long to get u to follow me, but u never notice me :( follow me? <33
i am not going banana boating :( why not mich??i guess it's gonna b fun:)
thanks! though, i've already emptied my acc's setting this up, & dont take $ donations, so cant afford your service sorry :(
guysss are gayyyy! :( they piss me off !
do i really have to get out of bed to go to work? :-(
like shadows in the faded light . i'm invisible :(
ahh my ears are ringing :(
whos still up ? ; iam l o l : (
hey i keep on tweeting still your not following me back or even tweeting back :(
i miss my baaaaby :(
lol i was kind of sad about it #imjustsayin but okay u and moms gettin in2 it is what ended our last kall. :-(
studio w/ brothers & i'd stop by but i'm a giant that would take up the whole room lol :(
you were theere?! i didnt see you : (
he won't let me put his phone in my anus! :(
aww can't get back to sleep! everyones due up :( dave is cleary for none of it :(
now the image wont leave my brain :(
i'm coldd! :( where's my cuddlekins? :)
hi jasmine can you reply to me :(
was such an amazing film! "unity" is next.... we're all waiting for it shaun i seen it! :(
sypa sab? ur not you anymoree :( :(
it's been longer than a week i think lol. i hope you get better. pshh my teeth hurt , i got my braces :(
do you see us? the australians?? i hope so :(
awk awesome yeah but i have to go :( ill show you tommorrow or tonight okay bye <33333
me too, but i missed the chance to see it today lil2saf :(
yay! anthony is back, and yet no sleep :(
about to go clean my room :(
this is the earliest i've been home all week! :) :( :) :( #fb
ugh, im tired of this shit already. idnt wanna go thru it no more and im sickk of the feeling. :(
fact: this movie is so sad :(
sooo sorry! i ran out of money! i couldn't get a poster :( i feel really really bad!
i have to sleep alone. :(
novale i was sleeping 'til the notification wake me trampines se empezaron a privadear! :(
having such a sad weekend. my grandmothers fighting for her life right now :(
bloody tired since ytd!! universal studio plans cancelled coz of rain :(
i'm papeiro. i miss that :(
so he just left and i miss him already.. :(
that sucks. :( you okay?
i miss my boys :( wait what boys ? haahahhahha
hi arshad, i really like u as an actor.so underrated, any news of the release of zamaanat? :-( was awaiting4it so much.
:( love youuu. call you tomorrow, promise?
so that song echo is pretty deep if you actually lisen to what it says & if you can related to it. booo :(
i'm so hot and can't sleep :(
who would go out with me?..... :( no one. well i must sing my song...
shit, rent is due today too :(
damn it :( *flashbacks .
what happened to your dad yas? :(
yessums! if only i had a tv :( but no worries :)
lol cuz i cant sleep i guess i hate sleepin alone :-(
i hope i don't have to walk to vanna's apartment! wahh :( lol
ayesha siddiqui- shoaib malik row takes legal turn :(
:( boo i hope you feel better pretty lady :) ;gn.
wasup faceboook? i cant fall alseep :(
guys i didn't see the queers cause they cancelled + i didn't get any money back :( the queers-pop tour starts tomorrow
yeah, and i've just realized that i won't be able to go to any of your shows. you are just too far!! :(
still waiting you :(
getting ready to go to work :(
jasmine, please follow me <3 please you follow your other friends but me? oh, you must be kidding! :(
suka m bale sma !! iko ujian,bacoret baju..huaa...miss those moments :(
haaaahhhh... i miss that time... :(
nope driven. stephen i am so fucking red off the beds right now i don't even wanna come haha :( xx
haha tumben bgt siang" cii...hihihirt ohhh, gosh, ï'm starving. :( need supply of food!!
im soooo...exhausted and tired....i need some sleep :(
besok k lautnya cut .. hehehert ke laut ja dek suntokkk laaa .. :(
bad romance
romance ruim :(
, : ( ihate twitter l o l but ihave nun else too do !
enjoy the game, i'm off to cornwall today, so miss both today's and next week's home games :-(
i'm finna cryyy :( lol , someone has to make me laugh .
up real early didn't really sleep last nite! can't wait for united v chelsea later, i shud b goin to it bt nike didn't hook me up :( haters
soooo tired. was up all night coughing :-( early to bed tonight for me.x
so i gotta rewrite my list damn...i can't find the other one... :(
