aww, that's nice, it's nice to treat your parents isn't it. one of my housemates is a manc. aww :( neither am i. upto much? x
in master control, getting the uplink ready to go hot. i'm still nowhere near 100%, but i had to be here. :(
i feel like nothin i retweet is retweetin :(
nar i got a free quote, but thats how much it costs if i were to fix it with them :(
i live in glasgow but i couldnt get tickets :( x
i was following him ! but then he didn't follow me back and i asked n everyfin :( hahaha xx
my john locket. :-( #grimesmemories i miss it. *teartear
power outage, no internet. :( perfect excuse for practice though.
you seem lightened up !! i think either the presentation stuff went well .. or the bottle is empty now..!! akele akele :(
me toooo :( i'm up at half 7 only an hour after you :o fail!
is still bored :( been bored all day... apart from shopping :)
awwww :-( why u say dat?
yeah i'm dl'ing google talk right now. they took the lappy with the mic with them :(
welp, operation "why did i get married too" iz shot 4 tha nite :-(
no didnt get that one :( i am getting the ones now though :) let me know when you are back! :)
cause i txt and called u on ur bday and u ain't reply baq :-(
god speed (re: ipad). wishing i had got you to get me one now. :(
i need a gym buddy : (
my dream is for to follow and notice me! he got his dream, will mine ever come true? , probs not :( 24
ahhh i just want to text you :(
have fun, must be exciting! looks like i'm waiting another 10 days for mine... not having one express shipped tomorrow after all :(
still battling the flu bug :(
i think..... :(
round2 orangelosing hos voice-fearsall in it-dang. he's good too. :(
my cm4 cd is scratched : (
shes gone! where? i duno! ok...wdf do i do if she dead! omg! i wont do nothing! my baby! :(
ner isso :(
3 days left of spring break. :( saturday, sunday, & monday. :(
morrendo e no msn fake, só :( hiuasihashasiu
i need my camera. :(
i miss cuddle time..... :(
allll i want for my bday today is for some1 to take me to go see "why did i get married 2" :(
lol i wish twitter would super size my non existent arse! so it fails :(
:( what did she do this time?
chillin...boo jus left me 2 go back 2 nyc :-(
=[ ur now mrs.not nice to me :(
im jealous! :( lol coldstonee ! :) ftw
oh goddddddd :( gee me peace!
nope. such a shame. :(
it's no fair to keep him alive if he can't breath. your doing the right thing, it's just hard to say goodbye :(
oh my god, i didn't even think about that. :(
so the metformin's doing a good job? i'm asking my doc about symlin and maybe metformin when i go on 4/12. i'm tired of spiking. :(
justin and girl kissing :( ugh !!!
great needs to wear a beany to bed;( cuz can't wash my hair out:( stup shower not working :(
gtg & :( doesnt talk to me anymore :(
sorry, #ed2010 , i just took a shower that could have probably provided water to all of africa :( i'll do better next time, i promise!
i have a little cut on the inside of my eyelid and it hurts really really bad :(
i think we are ok george. thank you for your concern. :(
i'm going straight from work tonight, so no costuming. :-( and i'm not sure about sunday.
wtf, mt. high! no more night boarding?! :(
sounds like me & -my mama told me i need to stop shoppin so much well i can't help it!! :( #wordsofanaddict
:( i'm sorry, bb *hugs*
wish i lived in glasgow, just so i could see u... ur never in leicester :( not saying its ur fault btw haha <3 xx
i know. i'm sorry :( i know you know people...send them his/her way...lol
:( i dont have a car so we are s.o.l. lol
what is she talking about on oprah? :(
ohh lord lol but...i wont have a phone til nxt tuesday :(
why :(
and i feel so betrayd after traveling together round the uk to see and investing so much money. :(
yea, u and i prob b happy cause our two favs :(
not sure about all that =s i just heard about the 4 i mentioned. worrying trend of departures though :(
thanks, im at home right now tryna eat, i am hungry like a duckling :( yea im still coming down tomorrow
urghh loud nusic and weirdo people next door, can't sleep :( xx
going to buy a dishwasher and microwave, yeah for me! i thought i married a dishwasher :(
i want to see my baby boy right now :-(
aw, i put on a pair of jeans i hadn't worn in a while, also picked up belt, said belt not required :(
awesome!!!! i wanna see it!!!! i would give you some like video of the effects but i lost it :(
i wish i could play my guitar really well :(
pictures tweeted. too bad work went so late that it is getting dark. :(
i wish i were there :(
...wish i had $ 2 buy a better guitar :-( ...searching kijiji & findin nada...
missing my baby 101% today really badly!!! :(
#justinbieber isnt trending anymore :(
i think something weird is going on with my email address time to investigate :(
:(
aww, thanks for the love. that's why i miss u guys. a little 5 year old passed away this week unexpectedly. he was a twin too. so sad :-(
aw i know!!! well, i'm off sunday and monday :) but that's a wee shame for you that you have to work on sunday morning! :(
i know,its awful :( do u hav any olbas oil?
really liking the look of the times election website. am going to miss not being able to work on the nouse one :(
"@watcher305 so ya'll goin 2 fair & didn't invite me?{ahh :( nooooo u said u wasn't comin till nx wknd
need shoes. soles worn out in both pairs. :( (@ bukit gasing)
so now you have the best cereal and are going to see muse, i hate you lol, i wanna see muse live!!! :(
im sure we won't take me, and ihave no money :(
ive like tweeted at you loads and you never reply :( felt so unwanted
oh i dont know :( think so
shit i hate that picture!!! scary picture :(
where mines :-(
going to buy a dishwasher and microwave, yeah for me! i thought i married the dishwasher :(
awe, i lost two followers :(
ah ok,years seem to be flying by making me feel really old! :-(
sooooo sad :( the crews on 2 trucks got swapped, then the crew my love got swapped to didn't make the race :(
hahaha yeap... as always :( you've eaten a lot darling xd
i was joking, sounds like a killer day :( he is pretty good
my dream is for to follow and notice me! he got his dream, will mine ever come true? , probs not :( 25
gasp! you didn't take me w|you? :( im deeply hurt.
yes it was .. dont try and cover yourself up! :( lol
first movie-gasm's always special. cherish it. :(
i'm happy but i have no plans :(
why? :(
yeah it does suck lol, :( when did you get a blackberry
nahh i can't see it :( xx
janet jackson on oprah is making me cry :(
oops! lol. gasp! i see this!! :( god noooo!! i've used traps, poison etc (cont)
this is not a good look fml«what aint i just came down i didn't see you's :(
my left tonsil is out-of-control sore! it hurts even to swallow water! :(
playing as a winger, you're meant to get your crosses into the six yard box, why am i being marked down when i get mine pin point? :(
her? lmaoo i feel sorry for justin beiber they always pick on her :(
i know! i feel bad every day 'cause i never seem to be here to chat with you anymore :(
omg i'm awfull. :( #zodiacfacts a #capricorn negative traits : unforgiving,tendency to believe (cont)
haha i was gonna go in the chat but i had to entertain my lil cuzzins lol :( srryy
i really don't like ska :(
i missed seeing you at mount hermon! *sniffle* :-(
well thats nice. i lost a follower ! :( well im going off, and i hope i get 10 new followers so i can reach 2270 ! <3
me? what did i do? dont you know if my mom hears this i ain't gonna get chop-money for a week :(
when you come to leicester im not even coming to the show :( but i wana meet u so u best come out and see me mr riley!! xx
