i wanna hold you now. i want you know that i miss you :(
down here at nexus with listenin to that who is jay mel mixtape while he tells me i dont promote enough. :(
i'm sober and very mad at a certain someone :( #subliminaltweet
it's 2am here. i have no clue why i'm awake. missed the back rub! :(
enrolment service was great!!!! too bad it's my last year :( hope i would come back to serve!!! it's been great
so many cloverfields not so much actual titans. :(
about to cry. rip matt james. only yesterday was i laughing about this with my history class and teacher... to think it would be true :(
intel makes good, "high-end"/pricier cpu processors, but, i have only had problems with their graphics boards. :/ :(
lol that's sad :(
no way in hell i'm going to be able to read a 300page book by monday. :(
the one i was really looking for was the immune system shot by emergen-c and i can't find them anywhere :(
thanks to everyone who came to the show and all the awesome performers! and everyone who cheered me through my corset malfunction! :(
i love you! :(
:( did i do something wrong?
can you please dm me.. <3 :( before you get so big you'll never have the chance to </3
seriously can't sleep without my mogu. :(
why are you calling me a meanie.... :(
awe. i can't watch the pacific :( 9pm pa siya. awee.
work work n work is stopping me at the moment :( :( :( but, i hope to make a plan before this year ends :)
it's 3am & i'm hungry. what rubbish is this? :(
iyaiya ngrti syng.merinding kkak dngrnya.sabar ya sayang.kkak hrs gmna??rt i really need your hug :(
poor dog :( shouldve kept him
off to bed... long day of doing homework tomorrow.... :( hopefully it rains so i'm not missing out on a beautiful day....
the connecting flight is in 40 minutes , but security check is not started as the flight no does not show up in the list :(
ajarin apa yooov ? lo mesti ajarin gue dong please :(
later xdd or xmm ask me cc please :(
omg why i so stupid i watched my transfer bus pass me by. now i'm wet :(
omg 1 time there was a girl dressed in a nighty & "she" pulled it up & *poof* penis! chatroulette? more like russian roulette :(
uan? perang melawan soal-soal ! :(
i haven't had time to draw or bake or sew all semester :( can't wait for this hellish term to be over.
betetttttt gue mo ketemu elu :(
:( i really wish i could go shopping,ive been online browsing for like .. 2 hours now ... but its ok .. i need to save up more money anyway
miss you too :(
wow, prom was freakin amazing... i cant believe senior year is comin to an end... :( k...:
memberi agh,,capek :( istirahat bentar lah,, :)
oh me neither, especially in that last min, they so could have won that. :( hope we dont win a close one 2moz, mcphees goin down.
chores? check! work on a saturday? about to start! :( i wish i dint have to open my lap top. i just want to read!!!
and that's all it equals. :(
it's all fun and games until a hen party gets on at preston :(
and i'm guilty ... :(
#mumbai heat... we can go on and on and on and on about it! :(
i'm up after a sporadic nights sleep. damn stomach bug :(
i was in my room and i saw my tv about to fall !! :(
twilight, eh? awww. :( robert pattinson ftw! i miss you!! were watchin twilight when i get back!!!
lol! i forgot the red balls joke :-( do you remember?
catwoman :| guess i gotta force myself to sleep soon...i gots no trouble to get in to :(
i still cant believe i got red -______- and my face hurts :(
i knw the feeling! not there yet tho :( there's no place like home....
i answered 23 correct and some easy ones also wrong for me :(
lmao, can you please tell me if that trends, i cant see the trending topics :( lol
dam im really feelin her and she be trippin for no reason :(
wow ppl r smashed in her sigh the trace wants to go home and i dnt :( ... no eye candy cuz bbfl's not :( boo boring...tic tock
finishing my editing stuff.. actually my work is following me whenever i am :(
misses taylor roberts :(
i want ice cream :(
you cried?! ◀ yes girl the end got me choked up! :-( i'm such a girl lol
my heeeeeeead. :(
funny saw ure update,mac & cheese, i just made it 4 my friend n lajolla,was late,missd dinner fancy restaraunt so mac & cheese :(
:( *hug*
man theres nothin tah dew! :( i wanna go back to skuu :(
ooh changed my browser. now i'm using safari! way better than explorer. ('cos the bloody thing won't work!) i don't like technology. ha! :(
i wanna go to jamaica with my mom this month. :(
got tied up looking at some houses today and couldn't make it. :-( i hear i missed a good show. who all made it out?
no he hasn't :( i have had this account for over 3 months now, everyday tweeting to justin, but he just wont follow me :(
are you still alive? :(
lsa; i'm not going to stack. i'm sick. :( so if i'm in the mosh or whatever i'll probs pass out
finished uploading musics on my ipod! but i cant find the "that should be me,runaway love and up! :(
besok tante ngantor :-( besok nonton how to train your dragon yuk , mau gak?
followers please?! :( and i'll give a huge shoutout to you back
zomg it's gonna take me ze whole wkend tryin' to figure out bb :( help me! oh btw, bbm: 21f46464
has no idea why im up this early :(
yes! oh, waler(georgia tech) is not coming :( tomorrow's soccer tournament is going to be sweet
funny saw ure update,mac & cheese,i just made it 4 my friend n lajolla,was late,missd dinner fancy restaraunt so mac & cheese :(
i'm tight right now i'm sober and very mad at a certain someone :( #subliminaltweet
my weekend doesn't include having kopi with the big fish boohoohoo :(
retweet banget i miss you, you know? :( #lifesecret
i thought if i was nice it'll leave :(
do you have an ipod touch? hahah i need help my apps wont go on :(
no no no :( or is it yes yes yes! depends on your strategy really and tyres and speed...sigh tough quali ahead innit?
twitter yall better act like yall kno nd show king siah sum gud oll lubbin :( im alone in my cae bored as helll
don't say we're healing when it's just not what we do (8) :(
jgn hujan dong tar malem please :(
there is all that to do to, too :( hope you have a good day x
yeah...but i'll not be able to see her face every morning :( :( :(
but what can be done.this was to happene one or the another day
hey it looks like has stopped following you on twitter. :(
i know i'm in bed and there's no one to snuggle with :(
oh, i see. i'm waiting out the i7 mbp. but this ipad sure is tempting :(
i love you, that's so simple, so true, so painful <3 because i miss you :(
emang abi kemana ?? masih kangen abi :(
... there might be spiders under my bed :( now how are you gonna get a shoe to kill them ?
april fools day is over!!! didn't pull any pranks on any1! :( wish i did!
tink. uh-oh. :( now what do i do? is still awake to entertain me??
yeah, no rooney today. we will miss him for 3-4 weeks :-(
you dont know how much it means too me, when you following me :(
i was there all day long. just got home for the first time since this morning. thats how it is..i don't have a car anymore. :-(
is already followin me?? nope :(
i feel cold... going to fall sick huh? :(
please stop calling me. it just makes me can't forget you :(
inget ling :( sumpah itu takutnya parah2an haha
i. cannot. sleep. :(
didn't want to wake up to that :( fuck this
where is ? :(
tomorrow! back to sj so soon :( i'm gonna miss my house and my mom! there's no place like #home...
really? too me it only seems like ive made things worse :(
jealous? its right? :-(
you left today.. :(
:( i hope you dont get it! my friends has type 1 juvenile diabetes and its a lot of workto manage
oh i think i remember. sadly i do... :( lol
did i almost strip??? how com i din know :(
ahhh!!! my hand is numb!!! its not fun when this happens!!! :(
no jobs please help :-(
looooooooooool......my sleep cycle is pretty messed up these days :(
it's such a beautiful day & i have no one to drink with me on my balcony : (
so bored :( ...x
at work! its sooo cold and wet outside, just want to crawl back to bed! :(
> it's a hot afternoon here.. nothing to do,, :( hope the guys are always fine.. (^o^)
aww joe :(
i wanna watch old taitv now :(
and to our jnyanendriya (5 sense organs toungue, ears abused), chakras (bcuz music vibrates/ oscillates specific chakras ) n buddhi :(
im able to go out now, but my head's spinning :( i dreamt of someone ytd night, someone who made me cry like a fool for months...
clearly i don't see my name anywhere on your shirt :(
praying everyone is ok and not badly hurt. :( how sad that something like this happened.
i think its my computer :( i'm trynna skype my cuz but the volume don't work with her... i blame her lol
i want to but i can't :( aiyaa. anyone applying for mpp, mpi, prefect for ptek here? :)
:( i no we finna be grampas
serious lack of seating :( (@ starbucks, sm fairview)
lmfao dont like my pic???? :-(
pusiiing :( tidur ah
what do you mean by that? :(
i need you 2!! i love you mi litle baby <3 jajajajajajajaj i need you :(
aaaa wireless@ sg!!! :(
