where's my jackk! rose misses hiim :(
booshit! booshit! booshit! it's sold out! :(
yay, is talking about that spaceship again .. but that's bad :( uh, the celtics lost too! gonna sleep before i piss myself off more.
right gotta get ready for work :(
a bb app needs to be established this very second .. i miss going on it everyday :( shit was madd entertainingggg
i dont think she will :(
here : here's a sexy home video i just now recorded with my baby daddy! sexxxy! ------ i want her be my momy :(
my day of being a bit dim just ended with me pouring a pint of juice... into a vase :(
home with a baby girl who keeps getting super high fevers :( we'll be visiting the dr's office 2morrow for xrays on the foot
hahaha i wanted t buy pets ovr too bt cannot uh. illegal :( boos. & i meees u! meet soon love (:
my uniform is.. sucks :(
wakeup at 5 30. sigh :(
i hate single...i need boyfriend... :(
i dont like mean people. they make me feel bad :(
i miss her :( baby i'm coming home! <-- jaye luvs #lesbos *grabs lotion again! lmfao
dont you noticed me ? :(pls. follow me! plsss !!!! crying t_t :(
usually i online with my bro laptop,but when he use it,i can't online :( huhuhu.. jeong hyeon ssi.. how much 자짱면 in korea?원..
how is it possible a king size bed is not big enough for us? the dogs push me off in their sleep and john won't let them cuddle w/ him. :(
i know... :( did you hear about the runaways
one sided head ache :( the worse
i wishh d: im from south america :( lol.
did you get hurt? like that crowded? :( sorry for all the ?s lol
well boo boo isn't going back to sleep :-( pobrecito
i realize how much i miss this one girl cause she was awesome! :(
i wish i could be doing something tonight. but no one invites me to anything anymore. :(
good morning.. wait it's morning? dammit and i was having such an awesome dream :( today already sucks. <3..x
can you please tweet my youtube and help my dreams come true? :( youtube.com/itsedenn <3 pleasee. <3
plzzzz follow me plzz plz and plzz :(
urgh im so fuckin bored,and the 1 person i wanted to chill wit 2night is busy probably having fun :-(
no thanks though :-(
oh thats good. buti ka pa :(
that was sad, taking off my really nice makeup. :(
oh i feel that pain :( think its gonna be a long one?
chutiagiri! i'm not even in the list of most popular twelebs. :(
i miss dao!! #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao #freedao :( #freedao :(
no im here :( fml.i love you.
going back to the beach in a while...its too high so the wave isn't forming nicely. :(
tiket pitbull pleaseee!!!!! :(
when he tweeted he was going off to supper, i was like 'jesus no' ! maybe if i tweeted it, he would've listened :(
i dont think it works. weak. :(
i cried... :( jeez toothless is soooo cuuuute!!! the dragons are so cat-like, it's awesome!
haay ;d i couldn't, they don't let you in there! :( but it'll be on youtube as soon as it's been on tv! (it was a pre-record)
time to backup my ps3 and delete linux from it :(
y can't i sleep?!?! i need my boo back :-(
yeaaaaa babe!!! no dedication? :( who cares but you my 8000 tweet
i have just got absolutely soaked walking to the bus stop :-(
ugh my spine is twisted :(
ugh why :(
im not feeling it tonight :(
why dont you notice me? :(
today was super rough :-( great show though!
i wish i got a iphone somehow. :( who has one?!
wb!!!!!! toy isn't on :(
you guys are mean :( lol
what do you do when the one you love is so close to your heart, but so far from you? :( more funny statuses:
sleepover tonight ! : ) my bestie didn't call me :(
i need 10 more for 300 :(
dosen trus berkicau :(
i am a #jasminators please follow me pleasee.. :(
there's no escaping the evils of country music!! :( ahhh!! in a mexican restaurant that's playing country pop music...
i wanted to see that movie too :(
that's it!!! it was *wink wink. that was our code! awww. i'm about to cry now... :( of happiness of course. i can't believe i remembered. :)
follow meh ! please :(
it isnt :( but were not that far hahaha we cud sneak out and meet lmao hahahahaha
oke sekarang aja , eh kayaknya email gue di hack :(
:( i'm sorry girly! ❤
cuss! i'm out of crown :( any donations would be greatly appreciated!
good night tweeps!!! mommy is making me get up and go to the dallas police associations easter egg drop tomorrow with the nephews and dad :(
thats shaadd bry :( the one person i want is all the way across the country. why do things work out in such a way??
im watching something scary :( but its too interesting to stop!
i wish at least saw one of my million tweets to her asking for her to follow me :( it would mean the world!! #jasminators
one more co-owner!!!!!!!! :(
i am seng to the max now -*-its sat duay :(
