nearly at work :(
fuuuck i forgot i have school tomorrow :( bed time
:( sorry for your loss
woke up early this morning... busy with the blog shit but internet is slow! :( we leave in 1 hour to munich germany! follow!
:-( yep how i feel right about now just dawned on me how much......idk trippin yal
i'm fried!!! #eden< i need a drink :-(
that is good to hear! barielle's a bouquet for ava stained my nails terribly. i don't want to buff em cos my nails are thin :(
i need shopping spree..! :(
i couldn't get that to work either. :(
i'm so tired! goodnight! :) maybe by the morning will be following me! i doubt it tho! :(
who? missing sum 1 alot!! :-(
i'm home vannie :( i didn't get to party tonight. ima go out tomorrow. bc i fell asleep woke up w/ mad messages =/
losing my voice... getting lower cause my throat is sore. blah, fuck you illness! :(
grr i hate it when u tke a long time to reply :(
melbourne were robbed :( awesome game though and im pretty drunk now. so i guess i there was a win in the end. ha ha.
wet swimmers are the best on hot summer days. not cold windy days :(
gk usah djwb.. :(
:( just don't want to play with me. fine fine goooo to bed. *sneak attack as soon as she doze off*
:( you are judging me
what's everyone doing ? i think i'm getting #sick ! noo :(
i don't think it's fair that ppl with private pages tweet at me cause um i can't see it i just get alerts :-(
scheups!!!!.. shiiit man! i want summer time!! :(
missing out on the f1 qualifying :-(
so like.. you can watch #dirtydancing on of course its the one movie i bought on #itunes :(
it was me. it was working fine one min and then it froze in a search and i refreshed a couple times :-(
:( i am sorry!
back from bingo. no winners from our group :( but it was still a great time!
ketauan banget sih lo off disaat gue ol :(
cool really try the berry one olive garden its soo good yuuucccckkkkkk this sangria taste like beer :(
toms diner :-) ... phone bout to die :(
i think that charlie hqve more luck than me bcuz he had the chance to stand next to you :(
bt ntn juga, tp zn talalu serius.. aduh, parah, except didi (i guess) :( that's the q. oc ntn k batul2 zn tau ni.
i cant sleep :(
ketemu mama aku gaaaaaa? onmyway i don't know where :(
i miss my hamsters a lot. i hope they're happy in hamster heaven, if it exists. if not, i hope they were happy when they were alive. :(
yu tight no one wants to tell me ! :(
#jonasbrothers isnt a tt anymore :(
tell me yy had dis in her bbm about me : ( geo is my husband idc idc idc lol )- but who asked fuh dah?
liam hemsworth is so hot .. like gah i hate miley cyrus cuz of that :(
this is soooo sad.. :( forever going to feel guilty for the death of his father, poor kiddo.
i miss you :(
and diane and cheating on terry.. :-(
i kno i wanted 2 cry w her! :( lol but my man is the type to fall asleep while driving so im tryna convince him 2 come til tomorrow
:( it's ironic how u tell me to keep going, when u were the 1 who shattered my dream. (n/a) #ihatequotes
i envy everyone going to rutgers tomorrow. i wanna see jay too :(
there are two people who love each other but they don't belong together... :(
was an accident. how 2 undoooooo hmmm. sorry :(
i have the something bad is going to happen feeling :(
jack grimes ily :(
i was having such a great night, til thosegirls had to start drama :\ ughh :(
aw i only have 9 followers :( :*(
leaving for airport in 3 hrs :(
no offence. i was just having a really important conversation and now they're asleep :(
lee cooper skrg 3990. vans/lacoste in my dreams. so mahal :(
please notice me :(
i amm shattered, haha :( pies won by a pt! d's dropped a mark in their goal sqr with 1 sec left! i hateeeeee collingwood! lol
>>> mah friend this is the first time i saw this video . omg i cried i miss 7b :(
i stayed home too i shuld have gone to watch it with u :(
iam sorry with this problem :( i hope you have good someone .
mmmm peanut butter and banana sammich :) nice. too bad my nana doesn't taste too good :(
probably not.. :(
man i wish i was partying right about now :(
and all i had was a rushed plantain and milk :(
is lazy to finish her assignment lah :(
so confused! :-(
