ugh so upset.. i just left there :-(
1001 followers.. wow, i really don't want below 1000 followers. :( ask me if you want me to follow you back. :
noooo omg tears of sadness. come back greg rucka. i am crying for real :(
:( ouch
aileen! where are you :(
i kind of want an itouch just for the wifi lol what :(
no gotham for me tonight :( but going over to my lovers house to watch movies :) yeee
first tweet... shouldn't have gone out today! stupid wind injured me :( hmph
going to sleep. gotta wake up at 4:15 am then to the airport then home :( boo :'(
ninja assassin is so gorey. :( but its good. going bowling with the fam tomorrow night!
naww ur a meanie poopie head :(
q:who is the one girl you wish you didn't let go?... a:the one that got away :-(
i don't think sees my tweet to him :(
hdfishdifuhsduifh :(
lol. niiice! && yeah :( poor cat lady. da bad guy is reallyy hot! lmao
is scaring me he doesn't tweet fans as much anymore.... :(
--taking care of my hunny :( he's sick das y, but das what happens when he thinks he can run um hahd like me..
looks like u had a productive freezer day!my freezer just quit, i lost all my stuff, i was so sad :(
are yu still up :( i feel like youre avoiding me
yea i have to go to funeral tomorrow and i dont want to go and my mom were arguing about it so she mad iam like watever :(
how do you get to follow you so easily ? :(
i still hear it on the radio sometimes, though less often recently. :(
ia shabi . huhuhu :(
should head off to bed now ..... didn't finish sermon prep ... means breaking up plans tomorrow in order to get it done :( oh well so be it
no no twin ill talk :) not sleepyy yett :) i wanna talk to u its my techinally my last night on twitter :(
12:38 and my legs are givingme problems. some times this twitching problem is almost more than i can stand. :(
awww :(
can't wait for #texasconnect to make up for this wackness! :-( tipsy but i'm sober enough 2 kno this is wack
down in the dumps today :-( at least today is good.
my dog ran away... :/ :(
sorry. :( i can show you a picture sometime. it's just not the same, though.
the long tgrip to dallas, i thought about alot of shizz... :(
mo k costarica liat ruma lo , tpi hujan maybe ga jadii :( oh isee .
iya ntar ditunggu aja hahah.... yakin cantik?? ntar boong lg :( iya ntar dibikinin :) ya udah klo
i made the mistake of voting on my itouch. i tried to vote again, but it wouldn't let me. :(
why do you talk to the internetz more than you talk to me :( #imcry
i do feel bad..of course.. who wouldn't? :(
fell asleep for a bit. feeling a little better, but i have a headache :(
no not really :( idt i can go out todaay but i will see you on monday laaaaaaav (:
kmrn aku liat liputannya. i saw you rambutmu kok gt? keliatan makin tulang belulang :(
iy, dr smlm.. :(
swole i was supposed to go out but didn't go! :-( o well about to jus drink!
cause that shit last night :(
noooo but i wanna txt u :(
in for the night #watching hope floats wishing was here 2 cuddle with :(
thank god i ain't spend my whole day waitin on this bitch to show the fuck up ugh :(
lol be nice to mee :(
will i ever get to hear play round here live? :( they didn't play it when i saw them in st. louis. i seriously hope so.
oh please ! now you say i am -_- but you're my true love :(
decided against vegas trip : ( im going in a few weeks as a graduation gift,i earned it. hav a happy easter the white house ; )
no! :( i'm dog sitting and felt bad enough leaving her to come! but it was fun and worth it!! :)
ugh like idk don't kno what i want anymore...life is so confusing alot of things on my mind. need a "friend" to talk to.. :(
rem they don't do one to one exchange :( don't know it's the app or what i'm only one who gets it
okay, writ a draft about my hurt feelings :(
that's so weird i hope its not password problems :(
this if you miss justin's flirty tweets. :(
megan, bby. no. please. :( forgive my slowness.
and i know, i'll never love 'that' way again... :-(
i sent 5 or 6 tonight. :(
thi, queria ir na tribeeeee :(
can't help you here :( >> wth lol
ugh i hate you :( i wish i was on spring break.. but i had mine a few weeks ago..doin anythin special?
omfgossssh i effin suck. i'm sorrrry jesussss! :(
never seen it. & not on netflix instant. :( thanks though! ummm...looking for mr goodbar?
i always seem to miss the show and forget to record! :-( can i watch it elsewhere? hulu? i want to watch-5 yr old in lausd now
hey, wingstop is staring me in the face! lol papa johns is staring me in the face .. :(
i miss you. :(
got hella on da mental right nw :-( an i miss ma baby sooooooo much *sighs*
damn :( need to take that spot
omg noooo. hello bb last ep is next wk. omg omg omg how can :(
why can't s5!sam be like this fic!sam? seriously ppl why nooooooot :(
not much of a good friday :(
i know ayy :\ australians miss out on everything :( could at least have a concert here :(
haha true. sian i dint even manage to wake up to gym :(
uu bitch lmfaooooo deadass saw hot tub time machine w|o me : ( lmfaoo was it funni any new noises? lmfaoooo
i decided to hook up with my neighbor's sister. she sounds like chewbacca in bed :(
sad face its not okay 2 lie to ur bestfriend.... :-(
havin a blast wit the fam!!!! headed home tomrrow so not ready to leave ugh :(
i need my own angel... :( #rent
i wish i could come! but working and just generally so busy at the moment :(
lol , i dont even use the bag anymore :(
they're not showing the percentage of the votes anymore? :(
i guess he's to busy to tweet his fans nowadays ? :(
faridoon any reports on saif? anything? its like the guy disappeared. :(
aye to be a minority fan on twitter :(
we leave at 815am ok(yea i kno :( ima b ther n time)
you sound a bit down :( my love! dnt be! :)
i need my own angel... :(
ummmm. we need a hard drive :( its 10.41 gb or something like that.
#random which one of the guys from boys 2 men died?,lmaooooo wtff-da skiny blac 1 did :(
long day tomorrow. make matters worse otto and i miss oscar. :( my dogs aren't the same without the other one. sad.....but cute
doesnt have time for his fans anymore :(
talking to bianca about this interesting ass night, lmfao . i wish bestieee could 3-way instead of being in new york :(
my old "best friend" text me today. i miss him! :( but hopefully i'll be back to see him in the summer (= kinda excited to get bk to dallas
fuiste a misa tonight? i forgot it was viernes santo :(
tonight at work was suuper eventful. going to bed feeling nauseous and have to be at work at 8am :-(
ikr and tehers no otehr good tinychats :(
i wish that life was a musical :(
life is so cazy when u r trying to do so much stuff :(
:( haa* gk ngerti, gue cm numpang ktawa doang.. emng ada apa sii ? (cont)
chennagi ithu , aadre neevu kf break jyaasthi thogondri anisthu. yaakendre ardha match aamele updates irlilla :(
finished my food n now i feel sick :( /not cool!
its time for a shower and some sleep. i miss rob :(
no i want u to teach me? :(
can u follow me? i retweeted the tweet but u never followed... :(
akyuu jg :( ayo ayo.ajak sm jg ajrt tuh gtu akyu gak ajak :(
i don't know how you found out, but yeah, the rumos are true. i am alex montana! but shhh nobody knows i'm living a double life :(
stupid msn wont let me sign in :(
haha i'd like to think its a pretty bad habit. also, i guess i missed meeting you in person by like 5 minutes the other day :(
poor baby :( lol you can have some, bring a cup
you in #twitterjail? :-(
finally!!! gosh darn u marie< i'm sorry :(
:( fine. i won't tell you.
the picture won't upload :(
i way over did it today. not allowed to walk tomorrow. :(
i know aww :( but don't care :)
i wish that life was a musical :(
is it as bad as i'm hearing it is? :(
ugh. don't do thatttttttttt. :(
:-(
i wish you were on :( i kinda need to talk to sooomeone not just anyone, my bestfriend<3
damn i just ate my last golden double stuffed oreo :-(
i'll never love again, oh boy you've left me speechless, you've left me speechless, so speechlees :(
hey b,now i'm waiting for mom at somsri i did da test aleeady and i think i already known my fucking scores :( ผิดโงๆ !
my head hurts again :(
yeaaaah the grande. i miss sbt though the new place is dead :(
:( i was typin to you on skype but no response... you know imy
aww hope you take something to make u feel better ly! i feel sick : (
i know exactly what you mean bro :(
she's not here yet :( i'm making dinner soon so we can eat when she gets here. if she's still up for it, we're head out after.
wish i was there! :( at excalibur doing the first friday "spring break" feshta dtwn chicago...mix it up wit hennnessy privileg
i want to make a vid of neytiri and jake so bad...but like nobody saw the movie :( i don't wanna spoil.
oh no!!!! i have 2 go to bed :( keep trending #blossominthedust!!! trend it alot since i can't ;-(
