overheard: if i had my way, we'd talk and talk all day. ill sure do.. :(
mannnn u suck! :( shhhhh! haha
going to bed. i wish i knew what i would be doing this summer :(
gossh... nobody notices me. i bet you dont even see this. lol. :(
if i find the news they all say, my world falls down! :(
:( i'm a loser. i know this.
heyyyy r u on!?! i keep getting on when u get off!!! :(
waking up 8 and leaving for the city at 9... i really don't want to :(
gurl nuthin tonight! i'm a t applebees forgot i can't eat meat today :(
lol oh friend i was like yesss info fml : ( r u bored? cuz i am idk i just felt like saying that lol
my body is at work but my mind is so gone ... stressin out. :(
kemarenn belon sempet ketemuu :(
urgh, i need to make you feel better! :( i love you<3
:( i dont exist i guess but im still 1000000000% #jasminator
i tried finding you guys on chatroulette for an hour now and couldn't, so i gave up! :(
love that they are here, hate that they have to leave :(
nope have 2 work :-( o yea
ok im done! i tweet u every day an i get nothing! u nvr notice me at all! and will nvr follow mee :( plz try and see this!
haha why not :(
now, there are only three of them. :( sana di na mabawasan pa. sad. :(
waaaa!! i wish i was in kc rite now!! :(
at macccasss, stupid caravan parks internets not working :(
there are cats and dogs outside :(
we had a house under contract but turns out the lender over estimated our approval amt. so we're back to square one. :(
i can't find my earphones :( pooey now i'm gonna go to sleep not so happy...
out for bday. missing my baby g's rayna and arielle! :( ily all!
i dont think that mary louise parker tweets :( #upset #dayruined
oppa,what's your schedual on weekend?i'm still in my company now~i hate working overtime,but i have to~증오 :(
sorry hunnie :( got kicked out of house now i'm home jive tipsy lol
i'm bored and sick, too :( just drove 10 hours and cant sleep
science shut shop :-( after nitrate reductase, i was hoping u would cover denitrification based wastewater treatment next!
:( she sexy tho lol
what a waste of make up and perfume : ( looks like i'll b staying home and watching movies
he's so good with the keyboards too omg :(
yea i saw it at 1045 it was... :-(
collingwood by a point :( siren sounded while the ball was in melbourne's goal square :'(
sucks that he lost to andy roddick :(
can you please tweet my youtube and help my dreams come true? :( youtube.com/itsedenn <3 pleaseeeeee.!!!#!@#$!
i miss maddie, kenz, and jordie.. :( my sisters from another mister. i♥u gurls.
i love that you love her too :) #nowplaying miley cyrus when i look at you *i miss her tweets. :(
thank you. i hate having to work, i miss my work mum too she has another week off :(
says almost hit a car today.. :( not good, not good..
pomponk yg mna nih? yg pomponk apa freakers? hahaha :omg nama ku di bilang allay :(
please come out :(
lol. i have been bumping my toes a lot on rocks. :( *shame* i should wear working shoes when working...
did you try 2 play me :( lol
see. thats what you get...failed mission because you're messing around on me. :( haha. thats why i went and saw it!! :-p
i wish i knew what i did to make you hate me. :(
i was there!!! :( lol. think dodger blue! lol
ugh :-( its amazing how a bottle of alcohol can make us grow balls..
whatdya mean u did? udh ga available lg donk skg? :(
lord, please forgive me. after that thing, i realized i shouldn't have do that. :(
been there :( learned the hard way,but learn nevertheless :) temen baik bukan (cont)
omg why did i get married too was sooooo good!!!! ending made me sad :(
i won't has candy :(
awww :( so no chicon? :( hahah anything is better than bella...i can just see where that can go wrong...
hemmm, sabar bhyyy need more day to finish these all hunay :( kerjain dulu
in bed. need to go to sleep but can't stop thinking about my friend & all she is struggling with right now. just want to be there. :(
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
i hate the fact that i'm up so early!!! :(
you dont notice us , it makes me cry :(
tummy ache, and no one to take care of me. :-(
time to play "ride it" snippet.. :-( .... wont be doing this next week though ;-)
wish i was going to revolver tonight :(
:( i know where i want to go...but we'll see about that. hehe i think that'd work just as well for me.
home. now that i'm coming home.. will you be the same as when i saw you last?tell me how much time has passed?.. :(
haha! like tt oso kena suan...@rahmatas very free hor...throw some cool links to check out leh...my poor wii is not repaired yet :(
hates me probably because i called him a meanie head. i'm sorry michael.. :(
i'm in twitter jail on my phone. :(
