not sure...haha. sorry for replying so late. i keep on losing internet conection. :(
hey why is bbc tv schedule an hour out for red button coverage i missed p3 as result! :(
i miss youuuuuu too ! :(
i would cry too!!! i hope they still sing that song, its tradition! aw.. i miss ses! :(
awww... :( i hope everything is ok.. hun
online at mcd and watching him busy with his painting !! and my temperature gonna be high again :( sorry muaz !! i can't help you !!
a novel by an aussie guy (whose name i can't remember). it belonged to my gfather and i lost it :( but it was great.
wow, that story tired me out. lol. and yeahh, its really scary when it happens :( i hope it just goes away! what about him?(:
wow i'm up ugh this is horrible :(
dont mad at us :(
photo: gleeky: this scene… just ripped my heart into a million little tiny pieces. tina… no… :( i hoping for...
don't cry bb :( i'll always take care of them with all my love! hahaha. you can spend ur time with hodong
why are the times wrong :( i've just missed loads of p3
im sorry my name isnt in my screenname..is that why yer not following me? :(
np ???rt my face. huaaaaa.... :(
just finished listening to "trust in me" by better than i thought it was but i can't sing :(
yea :) please follow me :( it would mean alot lot lot! :)) please??? #jasminator follow me please! :(
now at kolkata. home sweet home.. but only for 2 days. :(
still i can´t make my photo in my profile, why...?! :(
hey :) and it was like part 3 of my root canal so it was really hurting me :( and 2 days now!
:( just blah. nothing worth smiling about. i thought things were better last night. but he feels so distant.
ugh :( hates lifeeee !
a good valet is hard to find :(
still can't :(
bored :( robsten where u?
finished my gig at half 4. up again at 7. for work. :( nackered
where have yyooouuu beeen!? i never see u :-(
omggg; that sucks ass. you're moving out here and i'm moving too :( but you don't wanna leave nyc?
i wish :( our flight leaves around 6pm from lax. let me know how it is, though!
iyaaa makanya, aaaah i'm gonna miss the old easter celebration :( ah kesel
now i'm doubly jealous. you get to live in seattle _and_ get an ipad. i just get sunshine and surf :(
armani ! bali on may is coming.. still don't have a sunglassess.. recommendation, please! :(
still feeling like i've done something wrong. :(
back to work . . . nooo! :(
got a new phone!!! but so disappointed that spring break is almost over :( boo!
i also not sure :( lols, yeap hope will recover soon lols!
i love damien rice. still grieve that lisa left the band :(
hunt for red october starring me. :( borrowed that hope she doesn't mind. :o)
i'm never at home enough to study anymore :( just got back from lunch. mommy bringing me to church now so i'll remember the way lol
lmao awwwww :(
i put some today didn't u see :(
at the work shop.. my dude 'enfield' got sick.. :-( doctor is observing him. hope he wil be discharged soon.. guys pls pray for him..
talk to me...im bored...no more late nites between us :-(
wanna watch babe i love you. pero yung movie pa nina john lloyd yung palabas dito :(
lmao!! :( i'm not scary! lol #zodiacfacts scorpio has a reputation for being one of the scariest signs in the zodiac.
thats cool! but i told u im leaving :( u didnt c the tweet?
me too!! :( i miss and :)
yahh.. aku usir.. :( dek.. tar lanjut lagi ya.. maaf *again*... (cry)
aku tak ingin k lain apple :( soulmate ttp ada dhati,beli aza yg lain.. it gk djual..
i have stiches in my top lip dam chocolate icing on the bench :(
sickness just in time for easter, funfun :(
omg! i can't get rid of my fcuking eye bags! :(
i have to work in the morning :(
i'm jealous.. and i cant afford it :(
shocked myself with some good old static electricity. i am sure the shock could have fried a whole motherboard in 1 touch. and it hurt. :(
me too! let's just talk if you dont mind. i'm bored :( anyone wanna talk? shoutouts maybe?
im tryin. i just want yooouuu. :( and i want my damn knee to quit hurting. havent even put nething on it.
when r u leaving? :(
i've barely eaten all day trying to finish this video up..wish i had a steak + fettucini alfredo :(
damn, time to lay the rosary to rest :(
i'm officially sick! i don't know if i should meet bbys and company or not. :(
i went to sentosa. :( raining. damn cockkkk.
bugger been up since 4. manually patching exchange boxes, as sccm kinda isn't gentle to them. forefront services "break" the patching. :(
watching the notebook! oh man this is sad :(
my 11:11 wish was for someone who was going to love me for me, and tell me i'm beautiful when i know im not,just someone to love. :(
feeling a bit better today, still not brilliant though :( only been in school for 1 day this week and i've still got loads of homework!
nope. nothing special. :(
remove... :(
