kills that shyt i'm hookd on this castle crashers […] i need intervention :( , tryna beat [gta 4 gay tony] too
hahahah blame it on the weather :( stephhhhhh miss u!
aaaaahhhh man... i'll be there on the 30th wait for meeee... :( miss you guys 2. kiss my babies
:-( fedex did not leave my phone. i'll need 2 pick it up 2morrow.
no wonder i've been so fucking pissy lately! :(
aww :( haha you better catch up i'm nearly on drink #2!
i'm having a bad night :(
>> sad :( saw it coming tho
she left me :( ughh
where my buffy the body ? i miss her :(
you couldve came with your big sister to see it babes!! :-(
nah the only one left in oz now is in surfers :( so sad. and they are in practically every us city too, even hicksville ones!
but sung have. :(
where wifey at :( realcases |rite here boo =] was goodie
i miss my boo... :-( but i guess i will b ok
cabal iach :) yeah , sedih gue :( dikorupsi 2000an kan sama twitter hahaha #bacot an ku 17117 :)
pengen beli dvds :( trs dvd marathon dirumaah
i got the present! tdnya gw mau beli juga tp cuman satu :(
aw what you did was wrong, you shouldn't gave yer friends number :( say sorry to her then.
i'm not exactly sure what's wrong with me. :(
letting go of douchebags is very hard to do, for some bizarre reason. men! :(
awww :( i'm sorry about your loss :(
it won't install for me. i drag it to itunes, nothing happens :(
i have to take out my wisdom teeth :( shit gonna hurt
i wish i had a cowboy like travis in the hannah montana movie :(
i'm too hyper to be alone right now. :(
is that his twitter name? lol ya :( he's jaredfreak :) lol
im not going !!!!!!! :(
wanna shopping ! :(
i don't get it follows all his fans then you have some of the people who don't even bother :( thats why i love bieber
foreals mines about to be over on monday :( it wasnt long enough for me
so no baby yet but more importantly no iphone yet :(
ugh, this feels like ww all over again :(
rt this is a bum day for batwoman fans.
i hate when my friends are late :( hanging alone sucks...
i ask but i know u won't do it :( could u my make up tutorial? >
my phone isn't working... :( to whom it may concern
lmfaooooooo, i l o v e my biffffffffffle<3 she's so funny, that was a hufe waste of a lollipop though :(
they're playing flashing lights... i miss you :( (i miss you guys too)
i missed my 10000 tweet #fail i should delete my twitter and start over :( ~ lol...naw just choose another milestone!
so.. you guys have a lot of co-owwners i'm so confused!! :(
where can i find susu kacang here? ah minuman ku ga ada disini :(
 wwowooo, i barley have eyebrows :( ima have too do it chola style for a while ...lol:( /// girllll me to ! =/
lmaoooo yu already hurt mine :(
cookie what am i going to do without you :( *cries*
yeah jacks new tour seems to have skipped chicago :(
dua2'y aja tom hihihi new onyx or iphone 3g second? i want both :(
i do hate you :( & yeah i know bahaha you are so mean x]
this is all i want :( love love
oh whats the use..i lost. i knew it. :(
says doing homework now !! :(
ketawa dong :( udah ada yang punya cil, maaf (?) hati qm mw gx? makan hati aja (???)
damn ur fucked cuz summer hasn't even gotten here soo sorry :(
#freakyfactsays around 30,000 people are having sex or just finished having sex in the u.s right now. -not me!!! :(
ugh i'm soo turning into my grandma! i bought easter cards for everyone and can't find them anywhere!!! :(
yeahhhh... not that great. :(
my poor puppy he has really bad allergies :(
vou ir dormi genteee.. to com sono :( (l)
snow again outsight! :(
:( #tls will premiere on may 12 here.
#cancersucks :(
don't thikn the judges wanted to use the save so early on... :( at least she made tour! yeah, i think so too! :)
oh sorry :( followed (: follow back? :)
why can't i sleep? :(
so rude :( hi is the fugliest thing on the planet i hope she dies in a raging fire
q:just a great friend? :( a:nooo . it's hard to explain . i like a lot about jessica . h...
same! ;( tommy, can you please tell to unblock me? i'm still blocked by the hacker :(
yes sir you will see the beautiful but i wont be there :-(
awww really?? :( was really looking foward to the live show, wish someone could fill in&take requests
i have no idea what happened... fone dint boot... got it checked at work and the enggr told me the board is burt :(
i'm with all my bitches but i'm missing my bff soo much :(
don't wanna pack. don't wanna go home tomorrow :(
oh i thought you were mad at me :(
get off my television, now. that's not okay. :( idontwanttoshareyouwithmorefakefangirls.
oh i lost followers :(
wtf happend to spinner riley spins gf wtf was her name? n everyone there like gone from degrassi :(
unyunyu cabaalrt tau deh yg udh di copot hiks :( makannya lepas dund spt (cont)
im bout to call u righh now b patient waiting for my phone to ring :-( lol
what hurts the mooooooost :(
i wanna adopt a puppy but mommy won't let me :(
it seems like will never follow me :( #jasminators
funny.. you don't follow me though... :(
i'm start missing you.. and i hate it :(
no. :( my brother hacked my account! fvdnfknfkjn
i cracked my phone case :(
but... but... she's so cute! she just, uh. loves tea? ahha... sorry, that sucks! bad puppy :(
yah baru liat be maap :(
my 3500 tweet is going to the one that i most love in the whole world :( i'm already missing you
y u stop followin me tho :(
big night in the city planned.. dont think im up for it anymore :(
in the bed.. wishin i was skypin him :(
taaaaamade. everyone is using iphone!!!!!!!!!!! i oso want one now :(
donee gettin ready wow that was quick lol damnn i miisss my pirecing :(
you better be! blah i hope you feel better by then :-(
i wish i had a brother :(
girllllllll that along with how it kept freezing up is why i had to let it go :(
turut berduka cita, ya wulan :( rest in peace, harsono djuned pusponegoro. april 3, 2010 pk. 5:10. rs medistra. best dad ever.
i wanted to get bopped today :(
why are you so down. :(
i wish and baby mama was still here : (
buka web nya penabur aja bel klik smak7 cipinangrt iyaa? mau liat :( (cont)
u never ever ever hit me up :(
i just discovered "better off ted" netflix watch instantly! this show is hilarious! too bad it was cancelled. :(
i am in such an awkward funk tonight. perhaps lea michelle and john groff can change this? :(
nah..i'm tired..i went out last night :/.....now u gon need a new dance partner 4 tonight :(
aww poor baby :-( lol im just chyllen aint really doin nuthin but hangin wit the sister lol
now i'm afraid to turn my computer on and i'm afraid to lose everything! :( i have really important files on there...stuff i can't lose!
nooooooooooooooooooooo! is leaving dc! but. . . but. . . kate!</jack> i'll miss you. :(
oh wow. i'm so sorry to hear that. :(
there number 4 now :(
aw, i miss my spanish papi :(
its sad, i really loved him :(
i'm stuck with constant pug :(
we really haventt :( ltts fixx thtt!!
i'm so jealous. :(
rt's. ok. just can't get over ala. i'm her fan now. she's doing what i've always wanted to do but never had chance. :(
i no man i prob won't see yall til next weeknd :(
ima let the money speaks for its self and let u figure out the rest.. lost my golds at da beach, need to but another 6 pack. missin viki :-(
pretty sure my thongs are nearly worn through. :( #ilovethongs
#trancefamily #asot450 #asot 450 whats happening guys? why arent there many peoepl tweeting like last year? :-(
you know what i want ;) --- baby call me please :(
ewww! james put his tail in my mouthh!!!!!! gross! i cried :(
is having trouble getting the fact that she has an exam on tuesday in her head. cant afford to fail anymore :(
i swear when dis money cum in, dont text my phone then...it'll b too late... :( .... i can get a short term memory loss quick like...
ohmygod...im sotired of seeing this cell phone comercial where some douche is dressed in a phone costume &all that shit. :( make it go away!
aww haha how could i be happy? you're hurt... :( that's no fun..
i did already :-( there's always 40,000!! ill be there in like a week lol
oh mang, so jealous. wish i could run out to grab some for 4th meal. sadly, there aren't any good taiwanese spots in manhattan :(
i don't like this packing thing :(
yup but u too far right now for me to come nd get it :-( onli if i had a flyin carpet lol
oh no, get out! i'm sorry you're struggling! :( you know i'm always here for you.
