got done moving everything out of my room and i didnt find anything i was hoping to find. :( like my long lost ipod!
i should have went to bed an hour ago when i was bored :(
yeah :-( diet plan n all. am an old man already. wait, my grandchildren are calling me for a recitation of ramayana.
ms is the cutest one in the car, sorry and :(
oh i'm sawy i call evrybody 1 not in bad way tho, don't be depressed sawy, really! :(
hey to you too! i'm alright. bummed my easter cake collapsed after i started putting icing on :( how're you?
wow that tweet. i'm not one of those 30,000 though :( ...lol j/k
soooo i'm in love wit ...but he doesn't love me back </3 :( lol
youre so pretty ! :) please reply ... :(
yeah :(
i do miss anderson. i miss clint & co. i miss 3/6 '07 :(
im trying to avoid you , but i really miss you :(
retweet if you miss someone right now :(
:( this day ruined spring break
ear infections at punk rock shows equals :(
didnt do anything especially celebratory today. :( how did you celebrate? #followjesus
ugh, while i'm laying in bed with a massive cold, there is a giant turtle taking pictures with my tv bf. damn you california cold! :( wh ...
cheeelinqq ! yo toll u too kall mee :( & you didnt
same i checked my weight today and im 10 ponds lighter than im appose to be :( and now im watching that 70's show
i hate that i miss the back rub every frickin week! have resolved that i will be back rubless forever! :-( damn u dialup!!
i miss him already :-( but time to be "normal" for the parentals....bahaha
my stomach hurts now :(
why am i still awake?? i'm so tired too :(
nope :( but i'm hoping some day i will!
i hate hate hate when people read bbms and don't respond.---- i do it all the time. : (
loll yeah alot of people call it westbutt :(
it was good while it lasted :(
please follow me :(
my upcoming 7-day gaming diary will be despicable, torturous, & shameful. i'll reveal the game tomorrow. :(
huh guess i lost both my girls :(
#india plays boxing, tennis, football, n hockey too.. but nobody really cares! :(
....i dont want this.. i want u to be happy :(
missing mj. she spends so many nights away but i still get teary eyes walking into her empty room. :(
i am not hannah the hippo goddamit! :(
dain that sucks :( good luck you are almost done with it then it'll be a relief :)
:ghi: why yes i am :3 also why is your name so hard to type :(
dude, why do you only tweet when you're home? :(
& i'm nt 1 of them :-( #freakyfactsays around 30,000 people are having sex or just finished having sex in the u.s right now.
on take180.com i had the best idea first. then it got stolen and the thieves are winning the contest :(
i'm so tired and i gotta get up hella early tomorrow! i miss my bestfriend :( i want him to come home already! wahhhhh. ilybff
& bye :(
bed. class at 9 :(
i give up, try hard but do not succeed , you are too busy to follow me :( at least i tried :(
i have to be up at 6... ughhhh :( dumbbbbbbbbb!!!!!!
glad to be back in #denver work in the morning :( but money is money. hope there are parties tomorrow night
aiya. that is so late. giselle has a curfew so she will have to pass. :(
retweet if you miss someone right now :(
is going to sleep now. g'nite honey i love you! :(
smh. y'all fiyahed! :-( my throat hurt lol
well that is one way we can all go at any age. i just hope ur ok tho. :(
pacaran teruuuussssss pingin pacaran :(
i got some
debris to the face today : (
:( sorry next time ull get a personal invite :)
maybe if i didn't have such a headache... :( also, you coming back to scrabble?
i hate when people say they can sing and i be so excited to hear them but they upset me :( can i find a guy that can sing i can so should u
im back! come back! :(
yes i am sad :(
one more episode jinjja? :'( bloody tears :"( shinee's hello baby will end at 12th episode :( #kpopfacts
i mad mek me buss out laughn at myself now my sleepiness gawn...grrr. i aint even had no nap today! :(
omg aliyah turned 5!!!!! so proud of her. but she is kinda sick :(
watchin the passion :( .
i do :( ||rt why do ppl be beggin for followers but only talk 2 the same 5 or 6 ppl everyday? y wud u want more followers ?
i don't like my highlights :(
#currentlylookingfor a new #twitterhubby the last one ditched me!!! :(
its only 10 & this headache has #putinwork. i'm ready for bedtime :(
bored and sober :(
heyyy i missed u :(
eh we need a co owner that has 2,000 followers &up :(
i see u :( bc i'd really like 2 talk more on that grown level. ;)
i miss collin d: wtf. why'd he delete :(
heatless, autumnmoon, darkside, dangerous, darkness, storming.. nenhum :(
i miss ;( ---> what about me ?- but i tlk to u more than her. she's a strangerrr :(
wtf, hulu doesn't have the secret life's i missed :(
goodnight? ah, fine :( i love you <3.
i miss cot :(
aww ur b-day is almost over! :( i bet u had a blast!! :) happy b-day! :)
loving being with my family. wishing was here though :( miss you sissy.
