damn i missed this twt was countin money. what i do wrong :( lol
got up realy early today and im tired :(
ah too many good movies too little time! :(
:( suit yourself
i wish i could afford those :(
vania is upset that she wasn't my human crutch tonight. she says she doesn't feel needed :(
no . ii was before buh' im not now . im jst hungry as hell . & ii miss dougieeeee :(
being tech support for as we attempt to install spore on his macbook. what an effort :(
when i open there's something says "that page doesn't exist" so sad :(
yeah my stupid twitter picture wont change i wana put the good on up but its not working :(
agh agh :( gwe lg mw k greja ,ntar malem bsa tak ?@@ ,
rick's the biggest dick in the whole entire world. i wish terry was there today :( but noooo i get bossed around like a dog!
i miss ccab times. :(
stfu :( your post to love me the mostttesttt :(
internet connected is so crazy today. :( wth?!!
bout what? huhu i need ya :( i'm here :) :( butuh lo banget demi ish
after having a whole month of good bikram classes, i finally had a bad one today. :( i will get back up again!
i'm... not sure what to make of that picture. :(
ugh allergies i feel gross :(
nothin just too much tiki perhaps. seriously wish u were here :(
awwwh! thats to bad :(
i don't wanna give away my oreos. :(
ish bila nk lpk do? sorry aku busy :(
the lady is exfoliating my feet it tickles but hurts at the same time ouch :(
finally get to sit, and it's now too cold outside. :(
aku jg pusing.. besoknya praktek trus tgl 8 ada try out. 11 simak. 12 uas..ga brhenti2.. :( btw, pngumuman'a test kpn ?
omg take that tweet back can get outta bed grrrrrr he's taking my covers :(
msdn mags archive issues no longer available as free downloads. $25 for a digital subscription. cheap but another drain on my dev budget :(
on the last tweet, is shindong said about indonesia..?? coz i just use online translator.. :(
i wanna watch that!!! but i dont get digital tv n nan n pop use the tv at night :(
it made me sad! the writing was so bad :(
baby thought youd always be mine :(
damm.. we're stranded in geldrop.. the car transmission broke down :( i'll hope we're able to get a replacement car.
errbody done fell asleep 2 on my end :-(
omg. i miss the s club 7 :( i`m a huge fan of rachel stevens <3
morning everyone :(
jay-z "song cry" verse 3...... #storyofmylife :( wipe ya face & shut up lol
i hve tweeted you so many times, are you ignoring my tweets? :(
no i dont have one :( sorry barb ima just wait for u to get on facebook
morning ewe! it has been and will again :(
maybeeee. i've got a big headache so i wouldn't be fun :(
hai gurl hai! why won't it let you reply? :(
actually. what the shit. no it's not. why lie to me, ninemsn? :(
i'm so tired, had no sleep last night :( got such a bad cold and sore throat so i couldn't sleep :( x
how much more time you need to confirm your death? i will die widout the fan! :-(
tumben akur hihihirt i really want beside you my sister :( miss you so somuch
i want easter eggsss, :( gonna watch #greysanatomy i hope this episode is better thn the last one. :/
what do you do when the one you love is so close to your heart, but so far from you? :(
watching tuf marathon with the family. can't believe i'm going to miss next fight! :(
damn , i make y0u that upset ?! :( ha! -- g00d maybe 0ne day y0u'll get tired 0f v0miting and quit talkin shit . l0l
i wish i have the guts to do what i love to do again. :(
wtf.wtf.wtf.wtf.wtf.wtf.
i hate to wait anyone :(
haha! the impossible test is so fun! but impossible. i think i have a new obsession! too bad my battery is about to die :(
when i open there's something says "that page doesn't exist" so sad :(
imma be the next vincent vangouh and cut my ears off......this music is making my. head hurt ....ooo nnnooooo they. r plyn spicegurlz :(
dont worry, im not getting stoned. shannon tastes disgusting from smoking :(
awwwwww are you serious?? :(
ngga sm sul? ngga tau mel :( sndrian nih gue haha kemana ra hari ini? on the way....
oh. haven't tweeted the whole day. sorry twitter. :(
we're not even speak the same language :(
democracy or taksinocracy? red shirt baaa ! :( :: f*ck red shirt!!!!!!
.. i want a free shirt.. :(
you act like you dooo :( we bonded one night :)
we're all dead rt: just got done watching 2012 im so scared now :( i was already had a little doubt about the end of the world...
i know! :(
