says my hamster not chio anymore... :( it becomes scary x3
:( it's how i roll ! tastes better omg monopoly episode #2... can't losep
i know :(
belooom liaaat iklannyaaaaa :( men's biore (the energizing white) present: parkour action "the real men's thing"
omg i didn't get any sleep last night. and i'm sweating but i feel cold. :(
i'm tired of showing u luv nd getting none n return :-(
i'm gonna miss you tomorrow dear :( sedih harus balik ke bandung
helping mummy to cook now. haven't eat since morning :(
ahhh remember me :( i cried. poor tyler.
photo: leilockheart: :(
my family la pindah while i'm here. nk new surrounding kut.... sigh. :(
thats horrible i wanna cry :(
udah dong marah nyaaaa :(
21desember09 :( miss you
aku mau beliiii.g smpt k disc tarra gr" mau cari obat buat :(
i only got a couple of hours :( so will try to tire myself out again today. my son wants to take me for a walk :)
abis :( huhu menuju es serut bersama company haha .
i have no blanket to use to night :(
the things i do for love :(
i'm going to sleep. leaving la tomorrow. :( back to victorville -_- #fts(fuck this shit)
astaghfirullah :-(
hiya ;~) i have such a sore head! :(
aw shite he's almost ready n i'm sitting with my hair in a towel. why does this always happen :(
and i thought we were friends ... :(
easter people, we've made so much food but so many people are sick so there aren't many coming :(
hihi . enaaak kmu, sygg . aku di rumah :(
i own that on dvd, its saddddd :(
no dragoncon for me this year :-( and never be afraid to speak to me, precious! btw you are a gifted artist.
i want to visit cali soooo bad. :( one of my best friends lives there... in san fran.
apple are such bastards. :(
just asking, didn't mean anything by it. :-(
omg i cry everytime i watch that movie :(
guess i should go to the gym........ just so tired :(
would like to use tweet no 5600 to thank bbc for showing f1 on the web for those who have to work :(
can you help me hir in tumbl? haha. i don't know how to fix my themes and everythang... :(
apa inii?? iyah hri ini pgl so sweet pake lilin, huksss,, ama ayangg pasti lbih so sweet. huaaa. :(
:( my heads killin me !!! i cnt sleep!!!! ughhhh....
minum obat jg arsky :) jgn pd skt dong!rt me too :( mnum obat mbaknyaa :) flu berat! hmmpff
:( #freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight.
hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
me either... i juss woke up outta nowhere.. :(
but i don't wannaaaaa go wooooork! :(
jst going on asuall :( aur batao kya haal hai?
in the hairdressers getting my hair stripped! going to be in here all day :( x
spring? hmmm, i thought it was still winter.... :( bx
aku di rumah sayang.. masik sakit :(
:( lol, i became lazy~fully shit
lucky you :( hehe. ive lost your number :( text me and i'll save it xx
i bet u liked it i worry about you two :( hug hug, kiss kiss, hug kiss kiss
omg wtf ughhhhh moving house again!!! :(
tonight we leave at 9pm to get to the ferry on time! :(
knp hrs pke' emosi :(
yea i was looking for it :( i saw it dead on the floor...
woah. i so miss :( where are you?
im in a scrambled egg mood , but that means moving :(
my dad just left to go pick up something in maryland, which is 6 hrs away, he won't be back till 8, and my moms home all day, goodie :(
people's general disregard for the importance of all lives, and neglect to realize their equality makes me sick, and very very sad!!! :-(
not going to brighton today anymore :(
another misunderstanding! :(

but damn... i miz her so much.!!
i had never heard that song til today... i wish i hadn't :(
listening to to bring me to my slumber, i miss them :(
btw, anybody know where i can get hold of the soundtrack to blue crush? i've been looking forever and everywhere! :(
i hate this. :( okay, now, off with cousins and siblings to watch: clash of the titans. im in no mood this few days. since april fool.
nothing to do :(
2:30am on a friday night, where am i? sitting outside the state street apple store. *sigh* i want my hand to be fixed already. :(
noone is helping me to my goal. :(
just lost a 5 pound bet with my brother. i wouldn't pay so he stole the.money and hid it in his groin. fml :(
i want some ihop/ #cosign 2 bad ur ot( lmaoooo :( i am down the street/ im in ny: (
guys...why didn't we go to glasgow?! : ( xxx
why did joe cut his hair :(
now back in germany.. no more skiing :(
i've wimped out already :-(
my mama car had tickets on it nd i wasnt thinkin.. nd dey booted her shit.. :( she is piiiiiiissssed.. im nervous
i look like the elephant man. :( on mc for 2mrw but my phone's not working so i dont hv any1's no. need 2 write up mdis! fml!
y r parents so annoying... they say things tht r true tht... really aren't! :-( :-?
just got up ;$ i got 2hours sleep :| my backs rather fucked and theres no more heat patches :(
not liking this :(
yikes! not good! hope you find it :(
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight...... :(
miss u :(
everyone has baconnn :(
miss you.haven't seen you in a while :(
where? just heard abt 10 gunshots outside. :( called police
when last did you guys hit hyde park ? weather is filthy. can't wait to bring my gang. dunno about #skaiti :(
enaknya :( capeeee abis main paraseling !!!
istirahat cukup + makan cukup _ lemu.com gagal de ke penjahiit... :( sukses de melewati hr ini di rumah sajoo...
you :) at least you already know what you love and what you want you want to do with your life .. some people dont ! :(
mozzies invaded my dream. i dreamt i was killing them. when i woke up, they began their revenge. sob :(
aww poor beau :( why?
i want to shop, not food shopping but clothes, boots, bags etc. one problemo- no funds :(
really wanna go to campus :-( ft work aha
can't believe they're axing the bill. man tears. :(
you should totaly come!! its only £7 (: babeyy you still never dmed me your pin :( x
:( song brings bak memories ...... great effin song thooo!
i was so starving, so i ate a bread,but now i feel sick again. :( that bread is sweetened so much.
i'm very fat, hope me thin... :(
eating mac and cheese :o i'm so fat :(
i'm in such a thick mood todayy, no idea how i will last for a 10 hour shift :(
im starting to get hungry :(
mak cemane careny? ak cuma bise pake lutut jak :(
wht will hapen after sania mirza uses pakistani made tissue paper shoaib malik? is there a 3rd shoaib? damn will hve 2 wait :(
:(
in the bed wishing i was next to him :(
why am i still waking up at ten? :( going too dundee today then going for a meal with my mum and stepdad then kelsey is coming to mines :)
its manutd vs chelsea . we are so gonna miss rooney :-(
:( my twitter before that this can not be opened when before could, why?
she works in the teenage cancer trust thingg xx she didnt even get me an autograph :( xxx
they hav reef flip flops in triple crown. but that type eh neh :(
need to finish my room today, then start studying. mum says im not allowed out at all in these 2 weeks :(
reason i refused to delete them is cause i knew niño capped everything anyway. this insanity needed to stop :(
u never invite me :(
yeah it is. idk how to stop it. :(
i feel soo bad.. im sorry. seriously sorry :(
good good!! seems like ur the only one though :(
:(:( will it be on youtube? :( hopefully they will play it again :( <3
hahaha bosen nih tooon bremerlah ntar take me out pleaseeeeeee :(
:( we're losing one of our longstanding tarts member this wk. is moving from sydney.
omg kids on a 6am flight are way to loud :( and they are met fans :( and my ipod is buried :(
buset mending ganti tiket le!hehert aku telat 20menit :( aku telat 10mnt mass (cont)
