just when im falling asleep to csi, my dad comes in, wakes me up, and ruins the ending for me :(
i hate being in situations like this. get me out of here :-(
not fair, now that i am trying to write some java, my head has started aching again.. gosh its terrible.. :(
i have post holiday blues and flu :(
i know :( i'll ask him again when he's in a good mood so (yn) :) xx
:( that's not enough
okay. i'll tell you about it on msn. farrr. we should've printscreened more or recorded it. :( :(
bleach manga 393 is so late out :(
i forgot the blink thing was tonight :( so would have come
i want to go home :(
i cnt believe i overslept :( :o
i only had some bestfriends. jesus. and sorry if i made mistakes :(
everyone i was talking to fell asleep on me :( lame people are lame. i guess that means i'm going to bed as well. night!<3
my mom sick i hope she will be alright :(
is this already a perfect hair bun? bahaya kalo lepas :( sama jurgen lagi points classnya.
i'm sorry :(
boo, likely a no-go, then. :(
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. ► :( lolol
slow down. this ain't the mainland lmao. i cnt sleeep :(
really wants an ipad!! but i live in the uk!!!!! hate the uk!!!!! :( you getting your ipad 2day?
too many locks, too many crimes (or cries not sure), too many tears, too many lies, too many barriers.. :(
haha :l its kind of foggy and yuck :(
well done gr! we've got a biggie lined-up next! shhh! just finished filming w/ my voice has given up :(
rest in peace toyosi :( i'm going to miss you so much. school wont be the same without you.
soory sweets, ths kid is hogging the remote. watchng rugby... :-( ncese
i missed 20700 :(
uploading pics takes forever :(
once again i can't sleep. this sucks. i won't b no good 2morrow :(
that sucks :( i only got four hours of sleep and i've been awake for way too long
feeling better but not looking forward to having to work all day tomorrow : ( blahhh
wow no ferrari's in q2 :-( schumacher through :-) definitely mixed feelings. #formula1
awwwww #jonasbrothers was number 1 tt and i was asleep :( !!!!!!
koşulara biraz hız çalışması ekleyince hemen shin splints başladı... buz ve ibupropen :(
y yooo :(:( do you remember? :( </3 oxyto te extrano.. (cont)
#f1 ferrari out :( teh shit...
aww babe :( i'm gonna miss you! have a fun holidays... without me :(
you gotta go!!!! i was hoping for some good twitpics :(
must resist. i'm getting hurt na eh :(
lame you missed out of birthday antics :(
oh god this quali is killing me!!!!! #f1 hamilton and alonso out! and bugger, jb not allowed to run in q2 : (
aku dong ka di followback :( yang minta followback udah #melatifollow yah !
ohhh what's my sign? (virgo) ; ) <-- yaayyy me too 9/11 though :(
oh dear what a bummer :( ...hope you're better soon sir!!
lol ok good! and i won't be seeing y'all in the morning. have to do the work i put off tonight :(
summer please stay a bit longer!! very cloudy right now under the mountain.... :-(
haha this bitch is making dolphin nosies. she's trying to call flipper to come. haha get it come lol nice tits tho butt face :( smh
last weekend in bethnal green :-( moving to islington. bit upset. bg is my endz. next stop california?
ohhh poor little miss :( really hope she feels better soon {{{hugs}}} xxx
please....just tell me that you and are doing more than just ok. your fans are extremely worried :(
but i didnt get to watch family guy :(
im hungry :( diner sounds good....mmmhm ~> too late/early to be eatin...take yoself to bed
nicola roberts please get twitter :(
both ferrari's r out from q2 n q3.... :(
he's dead! :(
#like i mean :(
really hope i don't throw up 2nite :(
i keep meeting attractive educated black men..but they're all taken! what did i do to deserve to be teased so terribly???? :-(
i work at chipotle in la quinta. and yes my ipod is my baby! i really hope i didn't loose it! :(
i got so use 2 havin my brother here :( now im bored! i kinda miss him
haha i love youuu :) and i miss you too :( we need to hang out again soon my love !
shamers for my caps lock key! :(
sakit.. err apa ya? entahlah. kayaknya kecapekan ngurus paskah ini :( thanks you two ♥
really not wanting to go to work :(
nooo! i wanted you to win! :( <3 xxxx
soo, this is stupidd! my tv doesn't have satellite signal.. gahh, :( i'm boreddd. talk to meee. ? pleaseee.
thanks to getting dunked in the pool last night, i've caught a cold. :(
i got the very same email :-(
#nowplaying- hate that i love you :(
seesmic is down. have other tweeps been having gremlins over the last couple of days? irritating to say the least. :(
f1 ain't looking good for ferrari :(
okay, i guess i shouldn't have texted :(
oh dear what a bummer :( ...hope you're better soon sir!!..good choice of words there eh....iain
i was madd. sheesh u hurtt mee mann :(
me too :(
not at my house. :(
i want planet earth the complete series verrrrry badly :(
is eating rice with fried fish. :( not really a fan of rice.
why am i not sleep? :(
i love you soooo much :) sorry i was asleep :( but #jonasbrothers
sorryy i'm on my phone now :( its so hard to do g4g :(
awww he ran out cause i told him to open the door quick ...he ran to open it cause he thought i was in danger :(
arghhh! fernando out!!!! :(
yeah, how to ruin a day in one minute... i feel like crying... damn it :(
fuckkk! sumhow this always happens :/ how the does any ov this make any sence :( fml!
i want photos with people :(
home , bleehhhh my knee hurts hella :(
omg!!! its really good, its really sad aswell i cried :(
just found out that she was sick in my bed :( and then the toilet. i feel for her, i can never make the toilet. it's not nice.
haha; thanks.!(: he probley wont read it though. :(
lawdddddd this tooth is murdering me!!!!!! ughhhhhhhhhh...... <<aww :(
why did i get married too deadass made me cry :( .. i'm still a thug though. <--yea she was cryin on me. smh. lol
help me downloaddd music pls , jst artist nameee ! :( . i got like a brain block
yup at the stall and it is lovely weather it's f**king pissing it down :(
pt was a bitch today. :( 4 rounds?!
yes, haha :) and nooo! please! u got our hopes up. :( ull make me cry, pease dnt make me cry. :(
i'm on my way haha i kant sleep without my boo :(
nope, just become a folding bike geek :( as for jlp, they've finally broken my spirit and soul so we're parting ways.
before and after, but not during. bad really... :-( how many dj's wear ear protection whilst playing?
wishes this stupid cold would go away! :(
i started crying at the end of the music vid for gave it all away by boyzone : (
rip stephen xx
yesh. :( unless your me and all it takes is a pic of matthew. lol
my first night sleeping without my mom and daddy in the bed with me :-( scared
huu nanti :( tuit"..cari makan dunks...rt ngantuks.. laper.. bosan.. :(
i hope so....will be sat on the motorway in an hour...grim : (
so sad, golden tickets won't come to thailand. so disapointed :( u think thai fans don't hav feelings????
awah cute. yeah i miss him heaps. havent seen him for 2 months :(
and i hardly talk to him :(
yeahh, just things aren't going my way :(
ok no pole for hamilton, shocked and wished i'd stayed in bed :-(
this is lame :-(
leaving kuningan. gonna miss your bubur sup, golono and tahu kopeci :(
l i l ? : ( but l o l ive been in my skin where the hell you been ?
ketiduraaaan :( , bngun dngn 3 mention , 4 sms , 5 missed call , 6 bbm (3456) ! skrg mandii (cont)
ok 4th place for 100m and 4th place for 200m. all africans and one indian infront of me. i hate being a short chinaman :(
too many locks, too many crimes (or cries not sure), too many tears, too many lies, too many barriers.. :(
i never felt this way before, everything that i do reminds me of you :(
such an ending,touched gl gl doh :(
i feel like dropkicking face rn lmao she's sounding so bitchy it hurts me :(
wot the weekend's ovr already?! darn it!! :(
my wand broke! now i have to tape it together like ron and my spells wont work :(
menuju tahap 'ga ngerti lagi deh' ingin mundur :( jalan aja yuk the borin' team! gimana ta??
hey, why did you block me? :(
back to study :(
loenya merinding,yg dicambuk meringisss..pissrt ngeliat jalan salib di ambon kok gw jd merinding ya? :(
ok, d&d encounters... playing iselda, couldn't play my dwarf fighter! :-( #dnd
that doesn't sound too good hope you feel well enough for easter eggs tomorrow ........ :-(
and i'm scared about what it was :(
i want a puppy :(
indeedy :( it saddens me! button seems to be higher up than hami though even though hes out.x
its very cloudy today :(
wtfffff what did you do to yourself honey chan? are you ok?? :(
