heartbreaking. why does fc rahr play such beautiful, dominating football, only to fail in the final? it defies logic. 5-1 loss :(
oh, thank u dude, i used to request it by email and get it by 1-2 days, but now no respond :(
knew about it! i've read about it. it's real, i offically have a syndrome :-(
globe sucks! my bb internet service doesn't work pa rin! pano ako tatagal hanggang monday dito :(
thats what my friend thought, he was like im sorry i didnt realise it would be like this, its so grim seriously, awwww :(
jikakak jan.. serasi tenan.... :maho asuwwww diedit :( :( (cont)
damn :(
aku nginep tempatmu dong :( tp br pulang j12 malem, piket nih
#now playing kings of convenience. terlambat baru dengerin :(
i'll have to avoid twitter tonight :( i don't want to read spoilers ...
just got home. is... tired. but can't sleep. :(
it seems sleepytime tea & theraflu equals never sleep time :(
baby! i have been insulted enough! so i have to step down! baby good morning!**morning sweety :(
i failed last night! i wanted to stay up the whole night with but she was off & i thought she would be asleep so i went :(
:( i ruined it
going catsitting for a week, be unavailable and no tara updates :(
spicy shrimp...oh how i miss that :( *tear*
hiksz.. syg nda bisa iktan... :( finally arrived my lovely little town of kawangkoan ! hhee (cont)
lol...wat it do?rt eka a ro o na wa o, no one can even say good mornin :( good mornin evry 1
but i'm kind of sad at the moment..... :(
fucking tomorrow is going to suck ass. screw a twelve-hour front office shift :(
sayang nya gue aja g punya duit bwt bl pulsa gw sndr the.. :( hihi
leaving the island tomorow. back to work on monday :-(
its too bloody addictive and its not mine its my son's so its upstairs most of the time ! :(
wtf wtf wtf! it's raining heavily. :( i still want to go queens ah. t______________t
looks dry again :( get menmy bucket of water please i'll mess up the electronics of that merc and dilute that red bull too..
i'm on my ipod :(
aww, i miss you too amiga ! :( how are you ?
:(
tired and hungry after using the computer for half a day. i crapped out english compre ga answers. hope i can pass :(
i just had the worst/creepiest dream of my life :(
i tried to fix my foot and i ended up injuring it more. :( so now i have a ginormous cut and a great bloody blister. *pouts*
q:miss them ahah good tims a:sammmmmmmmmmmme. :( but i bet you still do apricots!...
i luv wearing the indian kurta. i prefer the below-the-knee style. but worn at home w/out pants,looks like nightshirt :-(
hast alles kaputt gemacht :(
wish were here with us.. :(
i love to watch kardashiansssss it's so entertaining!! so jealous of their lives :(
aww bad times so it wiz :( al tell yi abt it later lol
trying to remember if kevin did the sos dance at our concert,don't think so :( #jonasbrothers
i feel u i dnt really like spendin the nite out either...i wish i knew how 2 make u feel betta tho got me feelin sad :-(
been working like a lil bitch all week! 2 more days to go! :(
if you hate unfollowers :(
think too much :(
gdmrng dea!auz akure goin?rt na wa o, no one can even say good mornin :( good mornin evry 1
sick....and missing our baby boy :(
the things we girls go thru to look good! hair 10am on a saturday. i shld be in bed. still haven't founs anything to wear :(
'prepare yourself to meet,the girl who doesn't sleep'-haven't listened to delta for ages :(
bye $hifty. :( it seems again all my friends are leaving. ;'(
failed !
mclaren and ferrari !
it'll be a crucial race .. .
:(
what went wrong ?
whats weird about them? :(
ooww kim taewoo ever ate joonhyung's birthday cake alone, so the members blame him and then he cry :( #kpopfacts
:( how come?
yah udahan su-show nya :(
thanks, wishful thinking yesterday that it was feeling better, tonight it is really sore :(
watching new moon waiting for my meds to kick in :-(
i love today. i'd love it more if we were together. i feel like walking to laggan cemetery but i don't want to go without you. :(
studying french :( so tired -"-
can i haz sum? or have you eated it? :( ;)
just had a really bad dream about my parents :( maaaan i need to get to chicago asap!
says bored :-(
dude, i wish! that show was so boss. i was very sad when it got cancelled :(
uh 0h ! o.o n0000w imma bitch lma0 :( 0'well, i kno my r0le and i play it well . :)
so harsh :(
alcohol isn't working tonight :(
:( forgot my cross at zippys so sad :(
yeah :( but, i love you. xxx <3
thanks to those who ff'd me. i'm sorry i always forget, i never know what day of the week it is. :(
god. people are up :( saying that i unfollowed them :( i remember unfollowing that but you guys, come on :| (cont)
mnunggu kuliah pak ferry wiff ngantokzz neh beb :(
why are you sadfacing bb? it's your birthday :(
frothing on this japanese online shop... www.jbox.com
so many cute japanese things! not enough monies :(
i miss hope you're getting better :( <3
dnt lik being in this kind of mood.... >:( :( :/ .....
well it's mine and gillian's for when we turn 18 but basically yeah :(
you gaiz can comment one okay! ish very teh empty nao. :( blogged! setting sail with the bloggers!
just watched justin bieber,to see what he's all about.hmmm... looks promising,but looks 'oh such a kid' ! : (
i am so bored its 2 in the morning and im bored :(
hi! i had my mom and both my daughters here for a hair dying party so i missed the whole show :( but i can catch the vidcast tomorrow
it takes alot of time to make them :(
soooooo ill :( will i ever make it to staines in time?! :s
hah! and i wouldn't mind if the weather was nice and i could get out but it's manky :(
she died :( now soorya is behind priya...
robert kubica finishes 6th ... :( you were great man !! theres always a tomorrow.
photo: blessiegdh: what happened to dong hae?? :(
i don know. :( & i miss you. t.t
yes it did ! take me to the hospital! :(
evet çok kısaydı ya :(
i could really go for some honey nut oatmeal right now.. i am too weak to go make it!! :(
finally result is out...got only 69%....sad :-(
emang repot di :( hahaha. pusing gw jdnya neh. dah di tc ya ?
hhuuueeekkkk..aagghhhrrrr :( i'm hardly in love with ☺
internet issues. booo! :(
bout to go wash #mrgoodbar early ,, gota werk in 3 hourz :-(
:(
ahhh it's not actually alcohol this time, i just feel rough cos my throat hurts, and i feel a bit dodgy :( wahh! haha
trying to remember if kevin did the sos dance at our concert,don't think so :( #jonasbrothers
grrr i hate my brother :( he wont let me watch mtv when he knows justtins on :( fuck u!!! bianca
ntar aku ceritain deh yang :(
i wish i'm close to eli just like you.. :(
my day has been ruined. saw a dead cat :(
my apple mouse is dying... magic mouse looks nice. expensive :(
feel like shite :( but had a ace night :)
i'm completely losing it. :(
what... a sweetheart. lol. i wanna meet her. :(
oh no!!! :-( that sucks!!! booo... big hugs sweet lady. xxx
i know! it's all because of my crap knees :-(
:-( i woke back up because i had a really awesome idea. so i am going to be up a little while longer :-p
