guess i'll go to bed, have to wake up early..boo! :( nighty night! :)
just layin in this bed thinkin not really sure what to do kinda sad bout my chose that im makin but hey its to late now :(
me too mosquito bites turn into golfball sized bruises on me. :(
shaun promised to announce the album name weeks ago ! so when's it going to happen ?! :(
totally bored. gosh, hate this :(
off to bed, man do i have the worst pain in my side...urghhh back to hell for the weekend :( already missing you baby, love you
hey i tried adding you in facebook but it seems that i can't :(
#f1 button stuck in the gravel :-( <-- better than having gravel stuck in your button
office.. too much work.. :(
dude me too!! :( sigh
asiikknyaa.. :( capeeee abis main paraseling !!!
sure im but she didnt follow me :(
bukannya forever always wah salah dong huhu :( the answer is:forever and always!
i keep waking up really early :( x x x
cant wait to shuffle wit my dolls . i wish all my friends were going :(
shattering. yeah it has been a while :(
imma nocturnal being.. :(
miss you more :( love you (frist time ive like tried to write to someone on twitter, how do i have so many followers :s!) xxxxx
can't sleep once again :(
i totally understand insomnia , i seem to have it tonight as well :( but the good thing is i get quite a bit of reading in.
today work :(
lucy told me it was "time" she was just over twitter she doesn't know about celia though :(
maaf saya gbs ikut :( yg bru kay..haha.. dibawa apanya kobe??hehehe kang lukay
do lemme know before i leave ne or leave a mesg here :)) i'm broke atm :( sighs. i needa rob the bank.
awe suz i woulda came!!!!!! i jus couldn't do the whole club scene tonight : ( i hope u have a fab bday tonight and tomorrow xo ; )
don't feel like working guys....its been a busy week :(
:-( rt noooooooooooooooo button :-( #f1
telly, but need to go out as we've only got sky! :(
hi my dear italian friend! my ipad will be delivered totay!!! but to a friend in the usa :( so i have still to wait some days...
when can i finish my dnt? :(
feels really gud 2 get replies 4m u :) ensure we win the next one coz we lost 2 them at home and i was there at stadium!! :(
kangeeen sm babi please :(
i wish was on so hed be able to comfort me :( im scared justin :/
damn, looks like button will be one of the eliminated cars :(
my thoart hurts :( now
go home, eat, continue with work :(
tsk. why aren't you online! :(
oh no, are you watching the f1?! poor jb!! :(
if you're not following youre insaneeeeee <3 please? :( tweet me and tell me if you followed them and ill list you!
not yet!! but soon soon. i dunno what to wear yet! i just got home from shss :(
nope, have too much work to do :(
oh man, that's the worst! trying to go sit with her because she's already upset &then you lol yourself out? sad. :(
girl!! you are so luckly. i've seen jb 3 times, one of this i've 'met' but without photo :(
i sad lor :( it's raining outside
morning :) lots of bugs going round just now, hope you havent caught one :(
yep <3 fine!! and u?? here is 5:10pm. im working now :(
going to bed on a bad note. now i actually am sad. :(
wounded 4 button :(
aw why did you block me? :( sorry if i creeped you out or something. lol i say weird things sometimes.
going to study. that's is my 'homework morning'. it doesn't sound well. :(
my most awesome boyfriend has taken the kids to play mini golf i am feeling rather bleak today :(
my most awesome boyfriend has taken the kids to play mini golf i am feeling rather bleak today :(
yey nd yes everyone missed u :( :)
boooo...didn't get to see my baby :(
please hold me :(
i need to stop wearing cute leggings to work. they always get ruined by the boxes in the stock room :(
"food... poor, helpless, defenseless food... :-( " herrlich :-)
i plan to restart my com.so laggy. :(
a wet walk in #greenwichpark isis is having fun! i am cold n very wet :(
ohrt jiah seriuss i don't knowrt marah? :( apa?rt yah ichaaa...
aw thank you <3 i hope so too :(
omg!that envieeees! i love nick j♥ :( i want meet him and touch him xd hahah well u have good lucky :)
nyidir apaan-,-rt ah iya kamu nyindir jahat !rt :( ah iyanih nyindir (cont)
my bbm's'not working tho :-(
god! i'm really sorry for you :( ... we're so young but it seems that we're 100 years old lol
not good. i really need one. but there's no way to get any! when u said that my body just tingled. haha :( boo
na! i'm not actually sober.. haven't drank since 11.. :( i'm all sad lol..
i knew i couldn't possibly be the only one he irritated! getting nervous now for lewis :(
if other man wears neckles, he looks cool.but if i wear neckles, i look like a bandit :(
damn, you mofos on my friend's list are dead tonight! no good! :-(
that's totally lame :(
just came home from lunch. aston black pepper fish. not as nice as what ate last time :(
awwh poo, i'm having money problems too. no idea when i'm getting ema :( gunna borrow some so breakfast is still go! :3
bad times :( maybe there's some limit to storage after which it just goes mental.. can't fathom why that should be the case though
byeeee tweetland :(
hmm i wonder where's nadd bestf. :(
hmmmmm nah i cant be stuffed trying to find 43432 people .... dammnitt :( omg but me and my friends did an overnight ...
no ipad for me :( happy to accept one as a gift if anyone has one going spare #ipad :)
come on they have to get him back out. :(
is back to singapore and extremely tired. :(
aduh emaknya meninggal : (
whoaaaa sorry : (
i am on! but u aren't :(
i'm scared :( yall basically got 3 games to get yall shit together
math assignment :(
cant beat in n out! late night snack! (@ jack in the box) <-- i miss in-n-out :-(
damn that is sucky :(
it's sold out gitu and im tryin get tickets -.- i wanna watch too! :(
agek ye ta, lg ad somesome haha tp ckny dio la drma :(
none yet :( but there will be lots to eat tomorrow, as lil miss will get lots :)
i am going grey at twenty-four :(
feeling sad today :-( xx
12pm lost public interface to the office, 2pm lost my home telephone line (with adsl), 3pm vdi cpu saturated & no one clown to yell at :(
ak ga moooood tb" :( aihh,knpa?rt
need more followers :(
stole my tweet :( i was too slow. failmeatsix
grr i have to youtube it (itouch) but it takin 4ever to load :(
i'm not there 2 tuck you in :( i just woke up myself and now i'm watching lakers/jazz
i need that too :( next stage please :(
it's 1:13 am right now and im super tired but can't go 2 sleep :(
woke up at 12! but haven't even started revising anything yet :(
i listen to music and care my pets :(
just got up. really overcast day and i have a slight cold. oh great :(
i remember when conrad was puppy, he was allowed in the house all the time. now he isn't :(
just took a long walk on the beach to watch the sunset. missing home :( listening to there's a song for every mood!
still not asleep. :(
:( mmmm..... confused? maybe i don't 'belieber'. but, the truly, im belieber
nda ah... ak tak ngerti prof na ing mua... :( behh... mank npa bong?rt
ooooh :( at least go get something to eat :)
where? i can't see u :( i'm here!!rt where in the world are you?
oh no jenson! oh god and petrov nearly got him in the gravel trap!!! dammit if he'd not gone sideways he could've continued :(
i’m so eager to take my bike for a ride but i have to wait for a couple weeks. i can do it only when all the damn snow disappeared :-(
what the hell !?!?!!! runark !?!?!?! -_- :(
mum's nagging so i don't think i'm gonna watch "diary of a wimpy kid" anymore :(
i have hard day tomorrow ... wish me luck guys :(
im right their with you/ :( just gotta love yourself
a walk to work? i like the walk not work :-( are you working mel?
wtf chuck norris didnt get a ipad :(
im hitting brodcast now, but its not showing anything! :( im getting soo irritated but my girls wanna go live lol
gah why did i take that nap :(
ughh cant sleep if u have my # feel free to txt mee. :(
that doesn't help :(
mom is driving me to bmc again to pay my school fees then to jp singapore post to pay for paper fees. so troublesome! :(
is :( because of what's happening to our church. warfare for power, what's this? (tears)
