at heathrow, once again! i swr da way my feet hurtt :-( next car is an auto
i’m fine and a bit bored :s the #weather’s so hot :( how about u? weathertwits.com
shall take a smoke. :( day's almost over!! arhhhh!!
me 2 , i'm 3 days wearing tat ibu" hair my head hurts so bad! :( agreeeee #ibu hair.
the haws v kelty game is on today, not been to one in ages and i cant go to this one :( haha
very true! i shall probably be driving at the time of the race though, so hoping for decent coverage on 5live. fat chance :-(
fabolous duo ♥ ndut :( lunch ing satoo
i need more fun stuff to do on my iphone.. any recommendations? bejeweled, angry birds & doodle jump aren't fun anymore :(
ouuuwwww...get well soon baby abbey... *kisshug* my abbey got a fever :(
so annoying. i'm the only sri amanian here. :(
breaking news: i'm at work already! after having 4 hours sleep! i want my bed :( x
wearing a necklace + drying your hair with a hairdryer = "ghah!" :(
stuck at home :(
dokter cakap, aku penat sgat. thats why aku demam panas :( benci ! caner ngan choral speaking n netball ?
umm i was just talking 2cudi on fb thru comments. im crying :(
not lost...just have a long ways to go :(
feel like shit :(
like i took a two hour power nap and can't go back to sleep... also... my jaw hurts on the left side... :-(
shit it's raining :( i hate rain when i go to the (nice themepark).
:-( how safe are #women on #pune roads mba graduate #raped by trio in car for 8 hrs
why?? :(
td abis tes response food, susu creates antibodi =)) ♓ą‎​♓ą‎♓ą‎ =)) 哈哈哈™ pusing kan, gmn dpt kalsium :(
morning all, dogs walked before the rain started, now psyching myself up for the weekly shop :(
i just sent you an email! i can't go to laid off camp tomorrow :( we'll have to hang after you get back from hawaii!
kakek tomozo gmn? :( t only totoro could understand me now.. :(
we have to cancel tonight's plan cause it rains heavily outside :(
i am so tired from last night! worth it tho! oh i've got no more gigs planned :(
yaaaah ke squerrrt knapa cyn ? agak bete yah malem mnguuan nya :(
ok... i'm kinda scared :( i'm sleeping alone in my brother's living room!!! :( i miss my room!!! :(
warung buncit -_- masih jauh ini :( udah sampe mana syg ?
i feel like taking a pair of plyers and plying my teeth out.. one by one.. :(
im so happy that #jonasbrothers are trending.. i love them boys!! i miss them together too :(
ah man please don't let it rain :(
it's been a wild night<~~~~without me :-(
thanks telkom! appreciate you breaking down just before the phonecalls :(
get well soon ya.. ;-) ade gw yo. huhuhu :( siapa yg sakit ra?
about 3g? i read it on a blog, cant find it now :( get me a sinsearch pic with woz!
im still not dreaming because i cant sleep :( im sad...bacause i cant sleep :'(
waaaaa!
i woke up 2day and my voice is gone :( where is it?!
for letting you guys down! i'm sorry for everything! :( i hope you guys can forgive me! :)
yah :( bukan lo astojimrt klian tw aj aku lucu aw banget -_- (cont)
sleepover time! but i braided my own hair :(
playing mahjong now. haven't win! :(
i went 2 enmore last yr 4 my 14th and i cant go dis yr coz the neaarest 1s lyk 6 hours away and no1 will take me :(
:( have been forced into going to church tomorrow. i refuse to take part in any prayer etc as catholicism is a load of bollocks!
if you think should go to your country :(
jst remembered ure 'respect' to alex.made me :) also saw wht u mean bout cast amy love :( xxx
well david!! i think i'm free. miley and nicky are off doing god knows what :(
you belive a poser... :(
oh devo. we're not in any photos from last weeek :( we left before they took them d:
really want to go into town. anyone up for it?? miss eva :(
i just moved a pile of photos from one album to others and 2 of the albums that stuff got moved was automatically deleted :(
and i want to attend it so bad but sadly i cant :(
i'm sorry :( people causing trouble? i'm sad cuz i can't read sanctuary on bb
eh please dong hapenya balikin :(
if an when you read this i wanted to say hello, how are you? have a good day! hahahaha miss you :(
i tried to go in your acc and co-own it but can't ! it won't let me go onnnnn :(
i'm trying so hard to get wristbands to the mmva's :( i missed out help me please......
travelling and there wont be an internet connection!! so wont tweet till tuesday!! :(
my throat doesn't hurt but i cannot stop coughing :(
is on the hunt for the book. knew i shoulda got it on tour thurs! :( i will get it!!!
eh. i'm sorry, it's a pet peeve. watching and waiting while people think -- especially if i'll be affected. it gets me impatient. :-(
so sorry to hear about the poor kitten :(
:( i can't do anything
