and no caleb but b&w still in? that's not fair. :(
it's raining on the other side of the world, so i'm gonna miss my train :( ... i'm sure it makes sense to some of you :)
i hate sleeping in a bed alone :(
i am hungry :(
just finished painting the walls of my tita's new home .. enjoy!!!! :) .. need to take a bath .. paint is all over my body :(
gooood night last night, so tired :(
i'm afraid of him, may i believe this? :(
oh no, i wasn't! i was cryyyying. :(
i hate it when they do that :(
i can feel the inside of me is burning. seriously help, the weather is killing :(
lionel richie came to our shop and i didn't get to see him :( whyyyyyyyyyy
sitting on a bus going to my parents over easter. having moms food over weekend is a bless. :) no linux until i get back though. :(
i hope liams friends dont think we are neds :( or more importantly hate me more. why am i tweetin this? why no.
so many korean progammes not airing this week. :( wants to watch music prog, wgm and 2am day. t^t
i don't want anymore weird dreams. :( they put me in a horrible mood. i need a plan of action for today. i hope tone isn't to hung over ha
red flag was waved because of heavy rain and all i can do now is just wait until drivers can drive safely. only 7mins and 17 seconds left :(
yeah :-( hopefully getting on flight soon. you watching the boat race? cheering on oxford?
just as i wanted to get back to the gym, i get sick. :( the good news is it's happened over a long weekend, so minimum impact on business.
hahaha cheap thrill. i'm so so so hungry right now. no dinner buddy. :(
i didn't know you guys were going to play at there... i wanted to go!!!! :( we've landed in tokyo! just played an instore at..
sent an sos msg to my classmates for help (lol) in physics. so far . . . no reply. ahaha. pathetic. :( help. help. help. help. help. t_t
:( going mad. i just want to leave.
maaaan! my parents were supposed to be back from aussie today. their flight came in. no sign of parents. stressing out here. :(
you going? :( x
i missing the match to go watch remember me wiv my sisters :(
misses spore, host family, darrel, cyril, 6c and all the great times :( cmon, replay!
why am i losing followers? :(
is dying of man flu..wait i forgot i'm a woman so it's just a cold :( more funny statuses:
i is up! i didnt sleep well last night :( too scared, some weird stuffs happened. but oh well i have work soon so i should get ready now..
ahh i reaalllyyy want to change my twitter name :(
mr. c, we never meant to dissapoint you :(
short holiday :(
yeah i just realised i did... i thought it was another new episode :(
aaaa i hate that i keep just not bothering to go buy comics :(
:( i still need to see at a club venue or something that isnt warped. haha
yep. from ant's old band. and there's only one song on itunes :( thanks for trying though!
i have such a weird feeling :(
pengen :( film how to train your dragon keren banget! 4 thumbs (y) (y) (y) (y)
i misss you like mad baby... :(
trish has left alread :( so im left with ashley and the clone. -_-
just realised that there is actually alot of homework :(
oh honey,i don't know what's going on but i hope you know i'm here for you :( can we make a date for tomorrow night? xoxoxoxo
lol :( i'm going to work :(
go why are all the hot guys from brisbane? :(
hey :) bye bye :(
damn i guess im too late...its lookin like everybodi sleep : ( ....im still feelin madd nicee!! cmon my twiggas #wakethefuckup
meredale. south. and its not back here either. but it came on at the car wash earlier. maybe its on its way still... :(
nah im not, i dont think its on but simons working late and i couldnt get to his :( owww well
dese exms r getting boring day by day!! :(

4 more to go till 17th april.. :((
..the sun was shining in malvern earlier but the cloud has now moved in. i was hoping the forecast was wrong. :(
yea i was working :(
fml. i feel a sickness coming on :(
mayee just left for cebu.. :( now im all alone again.. tsktsk.. gotta move to cebu or just wait for her to finish her review.. haaaayyy..
me too ahha. and he did aswel. :(
long delay in #f1 qual now heavy rain :( will we get a race in this rate? vettel gets 2 tv screens :)
oh :( who was it?
no te. he's in gen san :( his dad is in a coma kay na aksidente atong thursday sa kadalawon :( brain dead na gane :(
