aku tetap cinta 450ku. ak butuh lensa baru :( birthday wish list c (cont)
i don't want to go to sleep. :(
i'm super hot in this damn bed and i can't fall asleep when im hot. :(
waiting to board flight to hong kong... couldn't buy bottled water coz all the stores r closed!!! :(
i can't sleep and i don't know why :(
nigga look like helga from hey arnold went bald -------> he was the pinata at the party. :(
tour wins, i didn't wanna fall back into reality but here i am. work with no sleep :(
suddenly.. i wanna go home too much :(
dont be mad :(
going to bed, its 4am here :( xoxo
fuck! the parent was my bf's!! this sucks! & i had to change in2 one of his sisters' dresses! & believe me her style, not the best :(
i told that i was gana rape all ms to death :(
thunderstorms :( someone needs to comfort me ;(((((((((((
morning twats. i have absolutely no funds! none whatsoever. the bank manager in bombay told me as he chased a snake around the office. :( xx
yea lol....now i'm back sad :(
asthma sucks :(
i'm doing my best to get used to the cpap machine is now having to use, but i'm a light sleeper and it keeps me awake. :(
i'm in some serious pain right now.! : (
:( i'm still i'll and freezing but i still gotta go in work i'm so cold, trust me be ill when i'm in work for the next 3 days
#mood i am *sad* cause many people dont understand me. i unfollowed eberyone, and refollow people who tell me. but they unfollowed me :(
please follow me :( i'm a fan of yours can't you see?
i know and i missed you like hell ! :(
i miss you sooooo :(
son henny get you looooose i wish i had my husband patron though :(
says tired. . :-(
bener? :(rt noo :( marah ya sm akuu?
long story .. but um i texed you :( no reply so i figured busy
its not cus i see you. so i haven't spoken to the girls. this makes me sad :(
bye gg ko... :( thank god he doesnt have tweeter or i'll be kissing my job goodbye and move to phils. i miss u papa gg! i wab you too! ;p
drinking theraflu, prayin that i dont lose my voice again :(
it b like tht sumtimes -> lol. just said eff me :( that's soooooooo rude.
is not used to the english breakfeast :( #baconandeggs
they said i shouldn't go to bagiuo nalang. :(
brarti gw ntr gabung sm bocah sma dong? yah irin :( bkn, itu english for adult, setingkat sma gtu. conversation beda
ah, too bad. :(
i really just can't be bothered going out this earlyyy :(
:( blame emerson. oh and all my friends. including me.
brain lung kidney stomach lining and blood stream :(
filled up my ipod. shit. :(
i seriously wanna go home!! :(
rip corey u where lik a bro2 me :(
shoit, its cold o :-(
me too! :( nobody online :(
why do i actually wake up at 8:30 when there is no point. i need coffee :(
sorry, don't have any 48-hour live codes. :(
still feeling like crap :(
i'm hungry.. want to go back to sleep but i can't :( an well.. at least ma programmes are on this morning ;)
im toooo lazy to start on a maths revision :(
fuck! eric has been cancelled :(
i left my shirt at home :( gutted!!
i miss biking so much! :(
is soooo tired! been up all night with josh :(
i really want you guys back to aberdeen, or even scotland :( x
i was on drive thruu! but i went onto it at like 2.30pm, not when you camee :(
yeah! coz i've never played guitar hero :(
ohh packing is effort :(
i'm having a second thought but i'll try again :( "you can't give up now! rb "nah, you mean... ♫
subhanallah..... bs main gitar pake kaki. hrs byk² bersyukur sm apa yg udh kita punya :(
server again! the problem will never solve :( (@ balai felda)
mr 13 still has baby teeth..had two removed about one month ago so the adult teeth will come down, instead of across, his gum. :-(
