hubby managed to cut our lawn yesterday morning, it looks lovely but makes the borders look desperate now! :(
baby, you should paint my love.. :(
oops :( oki .. hehe bel3afyah
:( i love that movie
bete sedih kesel benci ! knapa syg? :( retweet cowo guw gag pngertiaan
nevar! but yeah, you're right, i probably shouldn't. :(
ahahaha . shit i got a 100.2 temp :(
this is so fucking unfair. why does everyone have faster internet than me by at least twice the speed?!! :(
to get out of bed yet or not... i has to film all day :(
just watched a film called bottle shock about the early days of wine production in napa valley and all i’m thinking of is wine not work :(
filling fallen out, baby teething, tipping down with rain. not a good morning so far :(
waiting in the heat for the cab. network congestion woes :(
the one who rted please tweet me!!! :( i really wanna know who wants to be followed back!! bcs i have to go soon!
nooooooooo i'm sorry! friday the 9th! shit! siento muy mallll! :(
happy birthday ! i wish i was in nebraska now : (
mama pergi ~ dan saya pun merasa lebih kesepian :( granda n grandma, they're nothing !
gaaaaaaah! i fell asleeeep?! t___t maynn.. and i told him ill wait for him last nyt :( i'm soo stupid! good morning twitterdudes -___-"
my 10,000th tweet goes out to and the reason i joined twitter....miley cyrus :(
just came back from an epic weekend with max and cheen. now missing out on the road trip. :(
i miss you toooooooo :( i'm in rawamangun baby how are you baby ? i miss youuu
stirling yesterday. just going to work first drop in on 1.5 hrs sleep. poorly puppy. :( and i'm poopy too! sleeeep later.
damm wheres my bitch so i can show her some strippppper skills lol :( missin out.
justru tulisan2nya itu yg menyayat hatiiii hiks gue jd inget waktu gue nonton akirnya baju gue basah lecek gt :(
summer, it pains me that u started already & don't have sweet time 2 be w/ u :( rai camsur on may?
man i need to be asleep gotta be up soon :(
i wish i had some more dro :(
ok, wellington is windy again :(
ur soooooo lucky cuz selenagomez is my idol i would give anything for an autograph :(
en route work! so i am late agen!! :(
my mani only last me for 2days :( so annoying!!
i just realised something, and it's rather sad, we don't have any easter eggs this year, not a single one. :(
oh hi losing 3 followers :(
why the fuck have dwp sent me a giro this week?! now i have to look scummy and cash it! :-(
and i meant "out". i'm tired :(
i don't think loves me no more :( i think i left her alone to long... but i'm in love with an amazing girl name #genevive <33
wah! i missed the eleventh hour of today! :(
nick :( ...but undress me had some high caliber dudes dem foreva sweet
was excellet too :( [2nd week in a row i've missed the best footy show on tv, before the game!]
i had that when i came back from cyprus, after i had food poisoning. lasted about 2 weeks off and on- poor lil'h :(
pulang duluan wit papz... dan aq anfal sakiiii... :(
got addicted to your show. i'm from asia, so thanks to youtube i was able to watch. didn't want the show to end. sad :(
some of the most ugly people have the most beautiful faces :(
i know -.- ive heard that :(
mau kelly clarkson :(
 @_wildfoxx smh.. same olll crystal.... smh.. :-( * yupp u kno it lol how ubeeen tho since like 07 llol
monday no... bankhoilday.. its shut!!! :(
why r ppl saying: yeah im gonna send u my picture, and i dont get any of them ? :(
why r ppl saying: yeah im gonna send u my picture, and i dont get any of them ? :(
lmao alright :) im boredd :(
me too me too ! :(
i wanna go to chavoonnnn :( i want to see you!!!
it was sitting bolt upright in someones garden & i thought it was a statue until it moved. it was huge! :-(
hello judee, guess i missed jls on tv eh? was in the bathroom when they came :(
sigh...and i miss :(
i have to go to bed, but try to relax ok. i hope you feel better :(
morning. today sucks. i can already feel it. im in a mood & upset about something. the one person i need here, isn't. & it all sucks. :(
oh no :( have you got any way to cool the tank?
looks like mehendi will soon b washed away from ma hand... sooooo pity.. :(
my grandma can't sleep tonight. :( shes up reading.
i didn't get any phones last time :(
but i know this is not going stay long, i will be sad again. :(
that is sooooo sweet .rt i'm kind of sad that 4 of the 6 bun-buns are going to new homes tomorrow. mama bunny has no idea. :(
i'm dreading work haha. wrist is killing me just getting ready :(
