i hate being in situations like this. get me out of here :-(
is there anyone who wants me to follow them cause i seem to of lost followers for some reason :(
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. (lol) >>> :(
ngan mre nyaho ni ulah :(
up at 7 on a sat is not my idea of fun, bad times :-(
why are you being mean you just said how i was so prettty td wahhh :(
one of my friend is living india and going to his country of residence :( . lets see when he comes back .
we only went to safariii :(
i've just made up my mind to write to u......but u're not online :( life's cruel haha 8)
time to get up 2 hours later than planned, need to do laundry & studying today. not looking forward to today as i'd rather chill with l :-(
1 hour at a time = not much time driving :( i thought that's the reason why we were going away but idk!
we're doing colchester zoo. weather isn't great for that either. :-(
is with at wywy. the phone is fucked up. wtf. daddy! i want a new phone please!! :(
✁ listening to angels by karl christop. i am literally crying. :( saddest song i've ever listened to.
you guys! it's just now my bed time. :(
:(
yes, but i can't sing :(
kfc has arrived. none for me though :(
this emoticon sums up my emotions right now: :(
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. < :( fml
it is, here at jurong east. :-( i wan to go for a jog.
im drunk & bby qrl sleep :(
ummm no! you are supposed to move down to la!! :( imma live out here...it is my destiny !!!
ahhhh my throat is dry. :( i'm gonna go get some water. brb
ur crazy. i just checked and i'm following you.. now say sorry. you've hurt my feelings :(
mistystar is getting ready to open her new account will be closed soon. sad :(
thats what im worrying bout if i dont lock my room! ugh! oh, yeah my precious thing ever in my life.. :( plang nanti gw gledah!
just seen that hillsong united will be in kcmo on the 22 :( wish i could go see them
sooooo tireed! i hope work isnt busyyyyyyy! :(
ah very cleaver... but no invite :( lol
chocolate aero egg .. disappointing .. same as the bar but less of it .. :-(
why am i up :( last night was funny ;d
aprture 3 only lets you print photos of the same size together, easy but limited :(
why the bigger lights do not come to mexico? :(
ok.... sorry i'm just moody today :(
lu sms ja, no gw kg ganti i need someone to hear me :(
track ball oh track ball :(
i know you all do,,she was a special one that girl :( so unfair what happened...she was very loved around here!!
butuh temen :( :(
yesterday i could of slept for england but had to get up to go to work, today when i could lie in, i wake up at 8...and it's pissing down :(
yes it was :(
dylan quitte skyrock :(
not good :( loooool
iy beres bu masi di rmh istirahat euy, minum obat :( thx pala gw mau pecah get we
we don't have out here in benoni.... :(
goodness gracious just left work :(
nickk im crying :( aww
pliis follow me :( ,(
i can't sleep, i managed to forget i had a phone for a bit and missed a tweet. :( goodnight everyone, i will attempt to rest (again)
& sometimes the wrong time :( i.e.= this week 4me #zodiacfacts when there’s a dispute #aries people like to clear the air
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. < :(
sediihh... banget hati gw.. :-(
hikshiks...
re: extra request. firefox does this too :(
sowwie i couldn't go :( promise i'll catch up with you this week
this ss project is making me die. :(
you love me ,you like her :(
just woke up and cant get back to sleep :(
heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyaya! i knows! :( hello from japan! :)
who's being horrible ? :-( xx
i do not want to say what my band is. :(
iquess i'll throww myy pj'ss 0nn :(
what up tweeps!! been outta town for a couple of days, thanks for all the #ff's... :) sorry i didn't get to do mine... :(
ipods practically full... no no no! :(
cepetan nyampe medan plisssss :(
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. < :( fml
blahh someone used all the hot water :(
thank you so much! =) i want to finish home work soon! :( lol i'm 16 years old. and u?
tempe apts are soo much cheaper than chandler apts ! of course my apt hunting is set back bc i have nooo roommate anymore :(
hay..hehe k' rama,, q pngen dpt say "hay" dri k' rama twittr..! :( hiks.hiks
:'( please please please please follow if you were a real belieber, you would follow that twitterpage!!!!!! :(
