never trust anyone.. everyone will be finding a chance to take advantage of you.. before you realize that it will be too late :(
lha sifatku apik tha?tp masa setiap cwe kyk km yg lihat cwo dr sifat,pasti beda" :(
too bad its off :( lol this is why i'm moving off-campus hahaha
may have to try again, head too hurty :(
ok i think im about 2 go 2 sleep! aint nbun 2 do :(
was meant to be my lie in this morning but i heard keys rattling & thought the oh was going somewhere so flew out of bed! it was his belt :(
i don't know!;) therefore i've asked you. my foot is brocken and i'm at the hospital. :(
i just woke up..seriously ive had the same friggen dream 3nites in a row :( its creepy!&in a way i like the dreams but they also make me sad
another beautiful day and im at work! :(
soooo s i c k!!! i can't even sleep :-(
comment my pictures :(
itu shinee ya? haha imutrt ga keliatan :( *pengen liat* siapa itu? *babo*rt lucu kan profpictku
dunno why, but i feel down in the dumps mentally... :(
omg. did someone hacked your account?! aaaww honey im sorry i was offline. :( dont cry anymore okay sweetie? :(
need to eat something sweet. tastebud is so bland now~ :( sad case.
the chairs crying :(
where is everyone? im the only one playing cod. :(
so, i heard that my cousins house is one of the unsafest place to be... i thought it'd be safe cuz my tio is the apostle :(
i work bath and body works the river! it does smell great! its only a seasonal product . :-(
headache :( i already want to go to bed
stomach broken :(
at least it lasted long enough to get eritrean injera a surinamese roti.
whats up? heavy rain here :(
keeping the engine running wasn't gonna do button any good there :( :( :( #f1 #malaysiangrandprix #qualifying
its so cold :(
oh thats too bad : ( ya ok let me know if u do have anyone keen on your end ya?
i'm going to pee my pants she's asleep on my lap :(
i know sis....and im crying :( i wonna a bf *tears drops*
aye, bastards always come early when they're collecting on a saturday :(
last night, someone invited me to go to bantayan island. i would've went with you if you told me that a week ago :(
he's been the biggest contributor for my team. :(
i added your fb=) //what about me? :-(
sooo tired ! that was the worst nights sleep ive ever had :( ! xx
it's funny how i (someone who has a very healthy appetite) cannot swallow a bite when i'm upset... literally, not even hungry right now.. :(
why is this so hard.. :(
ugh :( i want a chocolate cake now :(
just got up with massive circles under my eyes and feel so tired. hmm i think i'll have to give judo a miss :(
you didn't keep it ? :(
thats why i frown constantly see :( lol
just got home. uh ohhhh, dad woke up and heard me coming in. he's not pleased at all. :( whatever. its the last real day of break!
arrhh thee wayy i feel sickk :(
and they think they sold out...*sigh* ill try another store next week :(
we need more followers, -.- and fast. be right back, lovelys <3 and where the hell is and :( -michelle
no am not fasting, no am not on a diet,... i just got a whole pile of work :(
gue butuh , temen curhat skrg !! :(
i'm such a silly girl ! only hope but doing nothing.. :(
on my way home and i can smell the piss again :(
yeah :-( see what happens later and if it comes to it i'll just sort all of us getting to frankie & bennys instead :-) x
when u and i said goodbye, i felt the angels cry.... :(
