thank u...rt gws abbey my abbey got a fever :(
migraines can be underlying symptoms for something much more serious eh. has it been very frequent? :(
what a crap qualifying :( well at least vettel is not doing so bad.
everyone heree iss sooo lovely!! no more jello for me :(
worried haven't herd from her leting me know she is safe and at home strassing looks like a long night to night :(
bummed out now :(
75 followers :-( lets see if we can get that to 100?
aww,.. sounds fun i just had work :( lol
so do i! :(( i want joshley back! :(
missing the other half :(
work, work, more work......on my grown women status, but damn i miss the holidays with the fam :(
no :( there's no my world 2 in indonesia :((
i will get one deliverd to you, where you at? #justkidding jus asking! i really want one! :(
whyyyyyyyyyyyy am i not sleeping :(
need help to translate an english sentence to french :-(
yeah :( my easter dinner is macaroni cheese...xd
why do i still feel so ........... :(
just up, still tired :-(
so apparently eating popcorn at the movies was a bad idea...princess puffy feet has returned. guess who's now on salt rerstriction. :(
nope :( he is up here. i miss lochmabaaaaan. i met a real boy from loch maben the other day :) he was cute and ate alot :)
ok ... but i'm sure you won't show up here :) .. btw for some reason i msn don't let me join your group invitation :(
yeh but i think i'm still kinda in love with miley :(
couple of pics of last night's location coming up :) no rob pics again because of no flash rule :(
i'm good! my guitar broke so gotta get that fixed on tuesday :(
#lemparsendal . he's so busy -.- gampar..! oke. gue dicuekin :(
gndeng be'e! opo'o seeehh?? cini2 genggam tangankuu lagii..rt senin aku crtain ya syg :( gaenk dsini..
layyyyyin out.....love it but it makes me miss :( soooooo ready for a reunion in the atl!!!!!!
songbird drops support for linux... now there are really not good players for linux :(
so sad :( that today is our last day here in chamonix mont -blanc! but looking forward to a raclette dinner at la caleche later!
please deh gua gamau satnite at home :(
ahhh i had nightmare about my boyfriend :o :( it was horrible :/ i miss u. hope u are okay after that night :/ :@ aa stupid man
#congratsjosh :( hope you'll happy with jenna(: i'm missing you as hell
you idiot. what's the plans for the 9th?? i'm sooo tired right now :(
heyyy. sorryi didnt text u back i fell asleep :( ♥
percy lol...i kno its not right :(
off, lowbatt :(
get well soon abbey.... amiiinnn,, :) my abbey got a fever :(
thanks for the ff. so sorry to hear about the ticket deals :( i hope more sources r available to give it real 'free' /hugs
fuck. bare people getting rejected for newman :| i dont even go and get the mail :(
zooey and matt did a great job on letterman tonight, played in the sun. i liked her dress! i wished letterman would have interviewed them :(
#lighta!! we're playing jungle your loss :(
my tummy hurts :( looks like i'll be sleeping in the bathroom tonight
quite tempted to stick 's hand in a bowl of warm water if he doesn't wake up soon. can everyone wake him up please?! :(
why cant i sleep :(
:( sorry to here that hun xx
a slow morning and just getting ready to spend the weekend with the outlaws :(
so hotttttttt :( today's hot dayyyy.. ~ tt' hummmm.. > <"
wht will hapen after using pakistani made tissue paper shoaib malik? is there a 3rd shoaib? damn will hve 2 wait :(
この写真イケてますね～！！rt see you soon!! i soo wish i was there! :( (cont)
i liked it better when he was more controversial... now he seems kinda reserved it's like his wings got clipped :(
ke 7eleven yuk sekarang :( bosen aku dirumah
thank u...auntie huuh,kasian, get well soon abbey!! aunty doain terus. my abbey got a fever :(
back to work.... so early : (
yeah! one of my very best friends is going to america. :(
headacheeeee! :(
staying at the g city club hotel. supposed to do a review. brought cawson's, haven't even looked at it yet :(
i tried to click the link that you gave its not showing.. and i cant send msgs as well.. :(
stiap ngeliat foto itu pasti sedih :(
ur meeeeean!! :( sad face:(
balls! wednesday :( stupid easter!
boutta go lay down. mah back hurt :(
who.? #lemparsendal . he's so busy -.- ndyaditya: gampar..! oke. gue dicuekin :(
haha yeah you'll still be 5 hours away though. :( we're going to ballina.
i don't feel alright.. :(
t'was rubbish :( uncooked sausages- my childhood memories are shattered!
oh lucky you! :( they will all be gone by the end of the day :)
lol ancelotti has announced that drogba will play on today's match, but he will play through his injury pain :(
as i love you a lot away :(
yeah i seen photos of her & joe holding hands the other day.. i had to go real close to the paper i didnt recognise her :(
#randomdepressingthought i havent had sex in weeks :( .. im super horny righ now
i cannot believe i am saying this but: fuck you citroen!!! poor seb ogier. :-( #wrc #rally #rallyjordan
eyeliner too thick today :(
what happens to my stomach? i've just eaten my lunch at 1.30pm and starving now! :( am i going to explode? roflmaooo
i might boycott f1... :( but well done m webber!
charlotte vere: do you agree that uk economy must move towards greater equality? conservative :( greens :) #ukvote
was a really crappy game :( only had 3 hours sleep last night, so getting back to bed was really easy haha
aww i just looked at the replies, and so many of you miss cassie :( i know i do!
as it looks rn we'll be posting it tomorrow nigh, i don't know how late but yeah prob too late for aussies :(
wah lbh lama lg.hehert aku telat 10mnt mass tom :( anyone seen clash of the (cont)
so much for me getting 6 cores..... i hate you intel! now i need more money! :(
ugh they got you working the holiday weekend too? :-(
mumang tiba-tiba :(
wha i also want to watch! but u tweet now only.. ending already :(
im really bored to :(
okay :( xd
i have had it, up to here. (emotional breakdown) :(
i'm in serious need for a bobby pin :(
are you okay? :(
damn assignments...ruin holidays :( boo hoo...
i barely seen everyone yesterday :( so depressing
just finished the last song. they changed the ending :( the book ending was soooo much cuter
dammm it's 2:25 and i can't sleep :( need someone to talk to me n put me to sleep!!!! lol
xheateourhearts , it wont work as our youtube photo :( edited at
now that your on web.. follow me please? :( x
and to our jnyanendriya (5 sense organs toungue, ears abused), chakras (bcuz music vibrates/ oscillates specific chakras ) n buddhi :(
unfortunately i can't live tweet... #noiphone :(
#lonleytweet playinq solitare in the in my bed :( lol
i agree. rain is good, torrential rain though :(
bilang (tears) :-( :'-( (angry)
coloring easter eggs with maddie :)<--ughh, i 4got about tht this year. :-(
wah telat lo,gue udah keburu selesert ikut donkkkkk :( #brb mandi and then go to salon untuk mempercantik diri,anyone?
