quick qualy for mclarne then :-(
aww, nooo!! i wanna be your frienddd!!! im sorryy. :(
damn!!!! alonso out! how sad p.19 :(
dammit my throat is killin me :(
in the end it doesn't matter. if ronnie's no 4, he has deserved it :-( *cries*
i wanna cry sometimes cause i miss you :(
phone is always by me. :-( but i'm not feeling this at all...
rem back in '84. mills, buck and stipe all massively active on front line. didn'l last long that way though. :-( #bandswith3killerfrontmen
i'm so sorry dearest suzanne with a z been putting my foot in it all day. :(
damn! platinum fashion mall is closed cause of the red army. they are protesting in front here. :(
how did it goooo! sorry i didn't wish you good luck in time :(
sininihhrt mau :( aseeeek ada cokelat ngilangin setres
still house painting. my sister got a new itouch :) gonna eat some hotxbuns then back to painting :(
yahh;) i love it but when i wear mini shorts over there people look at mr weird so i have to wear jeans instead :(
i love guys she gets me okay :(
me too, but still 68 :(
lmfaoooooo dayummm #fail damn she ugly as hell. plz dnt look at me :(
twugs :( im sorry you're hurting.
im hungry :( diner sounds good....mmmhm
#f1 ham and alonso and mass out disaster! :-(
just passed by dalymount. sigh :(
just don't let anything happen to your boobs...or your ass...or your cooch...are that beautiful face of yours...i'd cry :(
not funny: today, cold shower. then, i don't where's my physics notebook. next? i'm so careless :(
photo: darnthisbluemistake: hahai. mao jud ni cge awayan ba. :( ang ex cge ug txt sako. pahamak
i nearly saw ym@s but all the tickets sold out. :( but i love ym@s! :)
ck ck ck,,kshn bgt ka2g ini_kq bs kag?? would u buy me some kebab? :( mine? :)) whose wallet?
:( okay. ilu. if you have time/get bored text me.
back from italy! lost my phone in riva del garda :( i miss the awesome cold weather, but it's good to be back! but i don't want to study :o
:( nawww feel better e i'm always here if u need to talk x
<-- i miss in-n-out :-( #whatsyourburger?
onga eh. :( 5th gen frvr. <3 kung leader si reina, sino siguro yung sub-leader? :-?
awwwww #jonasbrothers was number 1 tt and i was asleep :( !!!!!!
kesini dong mamake :( bogor always reminds me to bandung. really it is.
just watched clash of the titans, it crap. soo boring, the dude's not even hot :(
bout 2 knock! od tired work in da a.m. :(
<--- i suddenly don't want to drive anymore. o.o god, sorry for driving excessively fast sometimes. :(
ialah . jan mremhkn ssuatu dri sya yagh . :(
yeah... i think fell asleep as soon as i said hi :( sad day :( but me too lol!
ah another bright sunny day! shame i have to spend it indoors at work all day again :-(
3 cars of big 4 is out in q1! :( #f1
just up :), had a shower, i felt ill last night :( but all good now
too much memories in bandung! oh no. i hate it :(
the cutest piece of cheesecake coconut pie<3 =) (i donno how else to describe you) :( <3
getting ready for work :(
2 of my friends r fightin + i don't no y? :( taylor + jacinta = cat fight... (no offence grlz)
:( i saw the mock up shirt haha (:
that aint good :(
yesyes :( no more love *coba ngibul
it'll get easier as time goes on, nope :( i hope you like it!
i still didn't have much money yet :(
no one to talk to... :(
i miss u too andelaaa i miss u too vittts btw i miss you both banget2an deh :(
and for iphone 3.1.3 jailbreak? still nothing? disappeared :(
kpn yahh ... kyk`a tahun 2013 dehhh hhehheheh ...
knp sh bedmood yahhh put !!! :(
justin bieber is ryt that dreams do come true but he forgot to tell us that things are just not mean to be .. :(
liburan diisi sm kursus driving, waktu buat ketemu makin dikit :(
omg you are really goin through it...ugh! :-( i can't even comfort u right now, smfh...
h/o? i don't have aim :( i can try to get one tho.
bluuuggggggghhhhhh this rain is boring me now :(
something happened to nicci last night and it involved her ex and i wasnt there when she needed me :(
more like, bloody eels! too many mistakes at crucial times, bah :(
wish i could dance for a that one night for the girl whos getting married and all her friends suck me off :( #justsaying
there goes cruise clothes money : ( she's worth it! she's my baby. it will all work out
you had 22222 follows i'm number 22223! sorry i ruined the pattern :(
really... :( lol ur crazy about this move, lol. hey i am really confused.. meena is not going to cvc, and it looks like i ..
i can't sleep past 9am anymore! but then come 4pm i have to nap.. :(
surfing the web flipping thru infomercials :(
morning! why do i always wake up early when i can sleep more? :( i'm on holidays duh!
why does ag tweet rarely work for me?! i tweeted much more last night :(
don't be sad :(
:( i work at a bookstore, if you're hope is to avoid bookstores where dudes jerk off in the bathroom you're out of luck.
byyyyeee! (: :(
watching 8 simple rules... it's not the same without john ritter :(
