off to a bday party soon. no drinking for me tonight. :(
o how cool would that gig be?! shame i'm stuck in the us :(
yeah but i has nothin to do and its boring :(
do you or any one from your crew need a floor seat for fri. or sat. rcmh shows? have to sell both my tix due to work trip. : (
u be preachin a storm .you bettterrrrrrr believeee it--->lmaooo aww that's so mean! i'm sad now :-(
i love my car though. she's my baby :(
u forgot about me :(
what pisses me off even more is knowing and wanting to see them in chicago this summer, and having no one to go with me :(
poor boy anything i seem to do isn't making him feel better :(
why :-(
i did. nothing came up :(
my plan for the day: massage. what i actually did: weed wacked the yard, pulled down ivy, take a load of junk to the dump... no massage :(
oh great. first bandit, now frank's got twins on the way. i don't like when my favorite bands grow up. it's no fun. :(
hahaha knowing my luck someone will be home in 10 mins :(
:( no! i took a last minute gig instead
jealous. i wanna paint. :( stupid rain. i'm too scared to put oils on my floor at home haha
i wish sent flirty tweets like he used to.. :(
k, my timeline is not updating :(
byebye korea :( at incheon airport :'(
i. cant. sleep. at. all. :( xx
i just bought the justin bieber cd and i didnt win :(
oh well i still have awesome music!!! <3 u justin!!
been sleep all day :-( my doctor recommends that i get 60-80 hours of sleep a week... for the next 3 weeks... not a normal life ugh
tomorrow is the #panthers vs #nyrangers game, not going to that either. :( got work to do.
that's not even funny! i was not boring :(
body aches :(
realy? go in for tires only to have my van towed from the tire shop to a repair shop so they canget it off thew lfit to fix it. :(
going back today :(
they use to live in my attic but they left nd i want them back :(
your getting me mad now :-(> awww don't be like that hun :-(
hey come to our next trivia night to see rt: sorry to have missed meeting u last nite. still not feeling so swell :(
okayy the top of my leg has been hurting for a week. i either pulled something or have a charlie horse :(
i no how's u feel my mom said she was ganna get me tic cuz he is commein monday nd she lied :(
just finished watching 2010- was gonna watch 2001 first but it's lost :( t'was amazing though "it's just full of stars"
i don't get that channel. :(
anyone have center ice and want to let me come over to watch the flames/avs showdown tonight?? really hate sports bars on friday nights :(
omg dominique thought my zebruh tatt was a danimal :( mean
ouch :( had an abscessed tooth once & it hurt so bad i couldn't sleep & had my teeth constantly clenched until my doctor visit.
i dont wanna go to work ot tonight.. :(
bout to have some drinks with my crazy ladies! :) wish my was here :(
i'm wearing a hood. its cold. now i'm getting introuble. :(
: rest in peace duchess :( <3
uhhhhggg thats awful : ( cant even imagine ...u'd see a short blond womans head spin off at that point yikes!
so knackered. we walked from near ikea all the way home :( and it was freezing.
awww i lost a follower :(
and :( to the finger booboo
no one said anything. haha. :( but they dis think the guitar girl was cute:)
oh shxt man, today was funny as hell! xd we swam, played basketball, went to the mall. angene sucks. & i missed reem :(
photo: aww i miss those fun times :(
i'd invite you along but it looks like it's a girl's night in tonight. sorry. :(
:( i am so alone. my dad and brother spend so much time together. im not jealous i just dont want to be alone?
can't wait to see my dad...5 more hours :(
rebel suck for today. got someone dance til vomited! when ish just only starts at ard 10plus. shit it manx.. boo... :(
sakit cayang huhu :(
awhhh :) jaimieeee! i'm back ;d we got back sooo late sorrryy :( i missed you! and.. yeah you know who ;) bahahh loveee yaa x
3 effin years just saw him and i still like him. :(
i hate you dana, you made me want oc with all those quotes, but i can't cause i don't have a computer :(
more #ff's upcoming and my apologies for the quick goodbye eariler i was rushed off :( boooo haha x you got me all night now peeps x haha x
apalagi sayaa :( saya juga jd laper saya (hungry) nyabu
ahh :( :( if u need to talk im hear k, dont b afried to ask me anything
medicines wearin off and stuck at job number 2 :(
:( oh well we'll find some time soon
sleep oh dear sleep, please please please come keep me company :(
onlinee. soo imm likee kmmentt thee effinq default ; uqqh boredd , wannaa see myy frenn 2niqhtt :( banqq thee el.qee *
i wanna go to the movies :(
omgosh i really need an a3 scanner :(
omggggg for the first time i dont see in any tt :( weeird?
lmfao! damn... it didn't :( but you're gonna love the movie!!
clash of the titans it is..since i don't got somebody soft to feel on during tyler perry new flick :(
well finally inside :(
no b/c i was considering going too until i discovered it's the same night as my friend's bachelorette/birthday party :(
what good are dr.s if they can't tell you what is wrong? i suddenly can barely see and they don't know why? wth?? i am so done with it.. :(
where is my mar mar??? :(
oh :( well i also have an earlier softball curfew cos we have an 8 am bus
genteee! queee sonoo! nem posso dormir jah! :(
i told u !! :( now ur mad at me. :'( ::runs to corner & cries::
aw sis hurry up an be 21.. call amberrt super bored..... so wish i had somewhere to go or at least someone to chill with :(
wow :( this protein bar taste like blood lol its supposed to be ''chocolate chip''
great...i have nothing to do and i have no wifi access now :(
awww you are? :( what movie? my mom wants you to come over and watch passion with us tonight.
babysitting. get me to 50 followers please?! i'm hungry. papa johns will be here soon. delicious! wanted to run today, can't, raining. :(
getting paid to play wii ;) muahahaha! ummm, but i'm pretty sure i fail at wii fitness. my age was 53 :(
ugh i feel sooo bad, my body isn't used to all this shit either lmao..-- i just finished eating at a buffet :(
ah, the bh00dists are making me laugh tonight! wonderful!!! :-(
i want some :(
come solo! i'm already mad cause ion have friends & i wanna come bad :(
i can't sleep either! really sucks :( x
huhu :( iya nih nda. pasti lu udh mandi? sbr caayang yes, its hurt :(
stupid heat making me drink water! :(
omg dominique thought my zebruh tatt was a danimal :( mean « ahahahaahaha all bad
i wish i was going to wondercon :( fuck you, europe
my mom drove two hours to suprise me for easter weeked ..too bad i work all night and tomorrow :(
just arrived! she doesn't like her new haircut. that sucks :(
i lost my pendrive again :( now i am going to look until i find it.
i'm really sorry i couldn't make it hunn :( how was yesterday? ;) kaka ke sini kaaak?
feeling incredibly miserable. :( damn strep throat.
me neither :( don't feel like going work tonight at all
my back hurts so much. :(
brb my laptop is fucking up :(
i really do miss yall :-(
i wanna play wyr or wwyd but nobody else wants to play :(
30 seconds to mars 47% :( #voteformars #mofo #echelonpower
she is! stunning. i tried to piss shippers off saying i shipped rob/emilie but no one got annoyed :(
going to read another chapter of eclipse on my kindle, i wish i didn't have to read with the light on though. :(
my mom :-(
to bad *drinks vaca* :(
feel sick from yesterday's drugs..goin to meet my dad for his birthday dinner right now.. ack. :(
not to me :(
:(
sammy grab me a drink please :(
fuck! forgot to transfer at rosslyn. next train from the cemetary is in 15 min. how did i go from being early to late :-(
just went to the rockshop, almost bought a ramones hoodie but it was too big :(
well i have flu :( bt i'm doing fine talking with my bff nika she's trying to find out bill kaulitz ' cell
aww :( i wanted a dedication .
omg is this for real ? :(
hehe. i'm guessing it gets worse in spring? :(
enemy team were constantly shooting down air support :( it's an okay score :)
yaahh gua ketiduran semalem rin :( jam brp baliknya lo?
aww,,, im still on 13 followers :(
hey followers to saindo..esse final de semana inteira sem net :( bye
your so two faced :( in a really bum mood :( i need some music to cheer me up:) i love you lloyd! lots and lots <3<3 xxxxxxx
i c you guys don't like my new pic. :(
perut gue sakit ! :(
guess who's going to georgia this week :(
i feel your pain. :(
ugh.. did i really just click ok to start doing my taxes at 7:18pm on a friday night? :-(
yeah but seriously summers gna be so shit if we dont go :(
yeah.. shes due by my 21 bday :(
tummmyyy hurts and missin hubb hubb takin care of me! :-(
lol. its happened before. i was soooooooo embarrassed :( but its not the girls fault !
not paranoid about the pregnancy thing, just the "wandering iud" that could make me infertile :(
i'm going to bed, such a boring day :( l:http://tinyurl.com/y9pzwsm
wicked migraine :( all i want to do is lay on the couch and eat easter candy...prolly not the best for my head tho, ha!
stupid cough :(
aw man :( surely there's people at your college? it's never too late ^^
4 canada friends all got boots belts and allens bags. me. never got bag :( boots need sole repair/spilt on edge + want new
mcr please :(
i will never understand why anyone would cheat on the beddazzling cheryl cole :(
morning tweet world, i can barely open my eyes. :(
my boot broke :( lol cheappppp mofooooo
i have a new pet. i am saving an abused guinea pig from a terrible home :( <3
