i was wrong when i said its better to spend my time with my friends than with you, now i miss to spend my time with you :(
yesterday was good friday. well it wasn't for me. it felt like any other day; tired, overworked, stressed out, the usual part of my life. :(
i'm hereee where is :(
aww i hope you get better soon! :( xxx
i need to watch the f1 online!! help me!! i live in norway and talk spanish, so use the norwegian television is not an option for me now :(
my head is pounding so sick of feeling like shiiiiiit. :(
dude unless some miracle happens i'm surely not going :-(
i feel like shit :(
:( its another one of those nights again ... ugghhhh
why am i awake so early??? :(
i miss my family :( i wanna cry. i've never felt so alone in one place.
so i just got ur text! and now i'm sad :(
you overlooked overlooked the question mark! it was a pun on "shukran". :( & not talking of sending to me! ;)
going to bedddd. i think me and are fighting even though i always love him? :(
my mum has invited the whole family round clashing with dr who :-(
ouch :( i have a effing ulcer on my bottom lip and i keep biting it by accident d': it hurts :(
healing touch of massage therapy: graduation: so our graduation was tonight and we all were there except seth :( i...
and now my mind is blank... :(
asked my helper to hide sims 3 until exams are over, ill miss my family :(
oh shitzer, he's gonna run me down :(
awh naw! power cut :(
exams tmrw :( i hate exams!
im so tired, hectic morning planned too. oh god :(
i should never take naps ever again. this is what happens :(
so he passed away? just like that? :(
has been fooling around with old pictures. how i miss everyone. :(
oh. :( alright, thanks bro
i preorded ndubz bk lst wk nd it aint cme yt :( ne 1 gt ders
just killed my ipod for the 10000th time :( cbf charging it...
i smile everyday i wake up but still a lil gloomy knowin u gone jay :( but ima smile for u cus i kno u smilin down on us luv u jp :))
aw. lost 2 followers last night :( lol
km msh ada ka? enak bangeeeeett !! :( final examination done!!!!!
though i doubt i would actually be able to, since i can't eat much food these days without feeling sick. :(
has spent too much money already this month and it's ages til payday!! :(
i hate getting tanned easily :(
mau nonton cinta 2 hatiiiiiiiiii :(
gone to bed to rest poorly tummy :(
aww, poor you :( does your mum not look after her? xxx
u should have been at workin :(
tya knpa ty? it's too late apologize buddy, im in bad condition right now :(
cory doctorow speaks truth on the ipad; but somehow still sounds like the bastard child of king canute and cassandra :(
what's worse than being hungry but you cannot eat :(
omo i didn't oo :( chai! devil is truly a liar
okay, i'm really bored. fml :( i'll be on tomorrow
holiday time : one day left :(
maybe when it causes rainbows and stuff but not when it is just grey and yukky outside :( i wanna do something tonight :(
work trip to san francisco later this month is on... i just don't like that city :(
mau dateng ke icha's bithday :( tapi pergi sayanya
nabung donk saya ingin sekali beralih ke apple, tapi apa daya mahal sekali harganya :(
i have a headache. :(
oh i'm on my break now and twitter is dead. :(
ah please.. online :( i wanna talk to youuuu *sigh*
yes yes no need to gloat! meanie :-(
on my way to the job :(
:-(
if you think should go to your country :(
hi all, well by adding too many friends in one go facebook disabled my account :( i have created a new one, so can...
me too~ xd omo seriously? lol i havent been into dbsk for so long :( i just concentrated on other bands
it would be great if you could leave early :(
i have to work :(
cartoon upload way u usd to post baby pics na plz...pleaz cartun :(
why mbak?rt undip, tp masalahe so complicated mau kuliah dmna?rt mslh kuliahku cah ayu :(
hey everybody! its been a couple of hours! blackberry gone for a walk :( so whats everybody doing?? im drinking....again
ok, last 1. remember those grey silk pajamas u had & i said u looked like chilli in the tlc video? lol! i miss those days :-(
hho yah telat :(
안 녕 하 세 요! can you speak korean fluently? 저 는 한 국 말 잘 못 해 요 :(
it's just me who gets extremely jealous... while you don't have a heart to understand... :(
i got tickets to concert, but they are so far away from the stage.. :(
i want a boo :( someone i cud lay up wit. it'll b like im ur girl wen we together<- me 2...only like not a dude,a chicc
feel like going to the harvey norman warehouse sale. wanna buy a bigger wardrobe :(
i can hardly eat or anything, yas i no i over-react but i have a huge lump on the roof of my mouth. its massive :( x
if you think should go to your country :(
i say goodbye :-(
sorry chella. very guilty. :(
first "proper" star week, since maya was born, and post coil &we've got the works..thought all this crap was over, but apparently not :(
follow meeee. i've been begging you like 5 months :( love youuu so muchh justin <333
up! tummy ache today :( going to chill with some cereal, then commence tidying!
fit weather today an am in work :(
i need to go the fuck to bed. wdup 5am. i hope i wake up before the sun disappears. :(
oh snapp, i cant find my phone :( someone call/text it for me?
not been his fault! he's been driving superbly, but the car just isn't reliable :(
tried to sign up for mflow.... but not allowed from australia yet :(
buddy just phoned wants 2 go windsurfing ! must be nuts, water is icy, last time i fell & crown jewels diminished to an alarming size :(
grrrr my party hat keeps faling off :(
already had a combiflam. might need another one. this toothache's come back to haunt me. perfect timing too :(
all i wanna do is stay in bed, fml :(
had the best dream last night, i dreamt i saw you again. but then i woke up :( i miss you
gooodnight! :(
get well soon,put!rt feel unwell today, need to rest for a while..menggigil,meriang :(
said i'm not allowed to take the ipad to houston if it gets here before i leave :(
i dunno what to wear. oh dear :( lol
mual awww :(
guys u told 20 psp to be won ? and announced only 12 winners :(
are you okay ? please don't like this :(
good night guys :( i'll talk to everyone tomorrow...
nooo, what the hell is with that facebook group, its wtf-ish *buzzzzz* fu-*buuuuuzzzz* i have an anti swear collar on :(
hahahahahahahhv idk? :) i just hate what i'm feeling right now too :(
well they didnt.. shame :(
my puppy won't sleep though the night :(
*hugs back* no, definitely not a good day :( and to think that i've been waitng for today for a month.... :(
who did you go to heroes with?! i want heroes. :(
i was wrong when i said its better to spend my time with my friends than with you, now i miss to spend my time with you :(
to maafkannnn kamiiii.... :( tak jadi bersuaaa.. :( fluu berat dy....say sorry to abang juga yaaa..
no, my dress is ruined :(
think i may need to go for a showerr, and gett into my pyjamass and lay in bedd . nothing else to do besides cry :(
buses are so bloody slow tbh :(
ah its soo long :( i wish i was still sleeping lol :) topshop
hey wife i've just arrived now :( i miss you! and i love you so much! x x x x x
why am i reading badfic? i should be #writing. :(
i can't pretend the feeling for you :(
awww :( thats true! lol. did you get a photo? (y)
nick is just way too amazing! awwwwe! ♥ :(
karaoke fail :( next time babe!
:( just got my night ruined
aww i didn't party either :( is home after another night of adventuring...still wants to party though...
off to ireby tonight for a party; i think i nay elect to drive. this is why i rarely drink, hate feeling ill! soo not worth it :(
lmao datz meen :( lol wat a bout potato day ???
ok.. i'm sorry about it :( basi deh lo kak! ga bakal dah!
soccer in a hourrrrrrrrrrr.. i´m still sick :(
i need mention :(
im bored now... :( oh well ill find someting to do cause im cooooool. no
well, not very well, fernando alonso will start the formula 1 race in position 19 :(
morning world got a busy day today and i'm in pain :( morning :) & aww your still in pain :(
noo :( *scrolls down timeline*
:-( #freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight.
sry daniel cai :( always no time meet u, nxt week ok? promise(: & bff ken if only im mlysian, id meet u n b there for u :(
