i know that one. :-( blooy awful feeling!!!
#f1 im hoping it will re-start but that rains not letting up is it! :-(
2 month ts anniversary tomorrow :(
lmaooo thiss nigga got me on the phone dienn ! chriss your mean af :( lmaoo ahahaha . i love you tho ahaha womppp !
pleeeeeease let the sun come out today... :( okay, if not today, let it come out tomorrow then. i'd love to head out with a picnic basket.
omoo.. u right, what happened with hae's neck, it seems painful.. i just saw it :(
i've tried. all they contain is pain, misery and disappointment. :(
they've been making the same wrong decisions during the wet for years, it's so frustrating :(
india...ma fathr won't let me liv there... :(
subha mai pareshan tha :( mai idhar hoon.loadsheding se pareshan oye tukidher hai
i like tore out 10 pages from the fatty book :( yay i go popular find it then i can use it for other shit. ;)
we doctor was not even close to dr manning hot :( very disapointing!!
believe it or not, i've never seen a 3d movie before :(
retweet bangeeeeeeeettt mr. c, we never meant to dissapoint you :(
i miss my love :(
you are fine without me. :(
don't feel right :( & fucking glee is on grr
aww :( but you still do have access on your blog?
2all who supported me a big thanx 4the help, but 2date shah hasn't seen it, hope ur not 2 :( :)
ayo... ikut.....rt ya? din din din?????rt on the way to heaven :(
i have a cold and my head is like in an aquarium. :(
and you can't quit loko baby :(
i'm cold again :(
amy and mara don't think my dragon has hot fire. actually, they say he has no fire at all. :(
i would just like it if you could forgive me for my accidental anger :( it was in jest. i promise.
one more regret by my old-hacked twitter, that i won't get all updates of anymore, ever, yaudjahh, :(
that sounded like sarcasm :( why arent you online:0 im so lonely lol
i hate irc,sry :(
oh gee golly. that's alright. it would be another not fun day at the theatres. :(
why so glum little fella? :(
not me i was desperate for a phone but didn't win with over 200 cans :-(
worked 9-5 today..... sooo tired now :(
i realised i again took two ibuprofens first thing in the morning (i.e i havent eaten). hope i dont get a stomach ulcer like :(
i miss you too :(
wala na daw chance ate mai :( the machine is the only thing keeping him alive. :(
aww :( are you florida bound again?
oh shit! i just realized i am on my ipod :( and i cant see who rted. tweet me please!! <33 please!! i really wanna follow back pepz!
i wanna watch how to train your dragon 3d :(
still at home :(
q:if you were older, i could see myself with ... a:oh, im terribly sorry :( how old are you?
hihihiii -_-" sama bgt kaya adek ku :( knp barang2 kaka gue tiap lg gue yg (cont)
if you think should go to your country :(
i have no idea how to draw the connecting part! :(
says shiobzzzz waaaaa bkas na alis mo taray!!!! :-(
if you found happiness with another girl yeah hmm me too :(
i've lost the momentum to do this :(
mendekatkan hati dgn chases,head kabin,lampu,barier,roda dn part2 lainnya :(
morning all! i need to finish easter egg shopping today...bit late whoops! looks like it's gonna rain again ughhh :(
why do my legs feel like there guna fall off? :(
mike was incredible but now i'm off ...shopping time...yuck :(
what! why! :(
i want my original gmail account back :(
:( hope ur okay,don't let them get ya down :)
yeap :) i'm im crappy seating though, got tickets that got released just the other day :(
i finally came to realize, i mean nothing to you :(
okay :( is it about one of the two boys?
