lovely people back to work now :) 1 day off isn't enough .. :( have a great day everyone be safe !!
2nite was crazy, ran in2 #mjbuttafuco again, & wendy whitsett! hot damn dude, now i hafta wake up at 6am 4 an event... yay :-(
he sang his cover of crimson & clover. have u heard it? it rocks!!!! it's on utube. the only thing of his on utube :(
damn it. helen and i coulda been in line to go clubbing lol. man!! :(
cuzzzz :( i can't really sayyy over the twitter timeline.. tweople be lurkin.. haha.!
its gd fr them bt i m getting bored to hell... :(
:( scooters such a little cutie.
sadly, yes. it's rare to see a 'bootylicious' anglo saxon. :(
i'm bored.......i really wanna watch #thelastsong but i can't,cause it's not out in my country! :(
true , and icant wait to find mines :( imight have to jst fckn get a room mate :( booooo lol
tv also got nothing nice :( ngah. this sucks!!!!!
is quite pissed off... my car, has a flat battery and i have no friggin clue what to do since its all electrical. the aux is dead aswell! :(
i'm sorry. i'm sad too. such a coincidence that both our boys are injured. :( yeahhh u guys have to work alot.
i don't want to go home :(
interesting re mudras. my problem is that ra has affected my hands and i can't do the back pain one :(
noo i wanna wear my boots but i can't find 'em. :(
today i would love to be attending #eastercon, but just too far :( hope everyone that goes has a great time!
iaudh sumbangin k aq aj . hehe ak 52. pgen ny si 48 hehe cm 45 :( emg ny berat (cont)
how bad i am...i hated my friends who loves me :(
:'( ngeeeek ngeeeeek huuh unyu unyu ho oh :( .lagi sakit jg gw nya owh gara2 itu bru muncul
texas is pretty awesome! :) i want to live in la or nyc or... texas! god please... : (
yea it sucksss.!!! :( cant trust anyone. ugh
up since before 8 :( not happy ....
got a tons thing to do this weekend, a daily job :( wut a day
that's the worst :( i'm so srry barb
angry that my linux usb install just doesnt want to work :(
damn at home sayin he went to sleep on me again. gotta wait another night to see him.... :(
anyone in usa bought an ipad yet? ipadtastic or ipants? iplease send me one? :(
1.5 oberons. adam fell asleep so fellini film will have to wait :(
maybe i should buy an umbrella, if it keeps raining like that, there wont be a 2010 spring ! :(
i wish i had a sonic drive in near my house :( lol the best food i ever ate,especially their cheeder pepper
:( prasaan org2 pd djkt.bwj mknan y yah, amey telat muti dr td pg dah stand by jkt.rt dijalan pastinya
fml!
im done for life. over with. might as well just give up :(
damn! i miss out on all the fun! :(
ohh :( you know ya location
it is so hot. why can't the philippines have winter? :(
keempat kalinya hampir putus :( knp bey?lg marahan sm apet? sedih kesel (cont)
fuuuuck my midnight booty call fell asleep on me :( whos up ?
so heavy for me mi lindo :(
just finished listening to asot 2010 on the beach. have to say, was a bit turned off. :( heres hoping that in the club will be better...
rtrtrt mimpinya hachi yg bikin nangis :(
whats with all the hotbodbadfaces. :(
no! the wind is whispering: i miss a boy with his sammarack mp shop till drop at taman anggrek! but he hasnt updated me for hours :(
i miss atlanta. could have made the passion city meeting tonight if i still lived there :(
byebye mumurt uuu mau :( otw centralpark
when are you releasing the album name. you promised us you'd tell us weeks ago ! :(
ikea no longer sells it. replaced it with their own shitty version :(
work.work.work.on my day off :(
i want to live in la or nyc or... texas! god please... : (
its a weekend summit. you still got saturday sir i missed the #nt chic-fil-a summit today. :(
well really u could have tried a little bit harder i'm beginning to doubt your powers now its pouring down & on my day out : (
sombong ih aye ga follow back :(
just sent across "shukranu"? ;) aur thoda aap ke conversation ka translesson ho jata toh achchha rehata :(
fuck early mornings :(
why me?? :(
i was cold :( i barely packed jackets but luckly i i had 1... and then i got sick :-/
#justbecausepeoplearentusuallynicetome :(
i think he did :( fml
i miss my bed :(
off 2 vacation back to work again huhu i hate menstrual cramps :(
yes! its abt 37degree t 40degrees daily. :(
whatever... whatever...whatever... something so beautiful has to be right. i need your blessing my love. send me a sign :( i miss you
just ibuleve gel. does nothing :( i'll try one of those others if i can track em down today. u watching #f1 ?
aw no! :( i'm sure you've sorted it by now :) thank god for twitter- it's our main way of communication! how was the flight? xxx
true that! nearly at my connection and no time for duty free :( x
you missed out on all the live action fun of me :( ask and lmao.
sigh ty bbs...damn it i could have had such fun with it too :(
:( i doubt it. i think they were just being stupid and snarky (tho idk why..)
nicer, sharp photos would only mean one thing... ubusan ng memory! :(
