fun night element celebrating tha homie earth strong ... u were missed :(
exczma is bad :( i hatde being a stressed professional!
also, i can hardly move my wrist :(
so zuai :( i'm still struggling with my assignment. wanna get it out before i leave for the big game
it's 1:40a. i'm laying in bed about to sleep. have to be at work in < 7.5 hr :( have a safe flight!
good morning guys. no work today :( i wanted some cash but no :"( gonna go to tescos and supervise my bros footie team bag packing 4 genoa £
virtual spinning was damaged no mont ventoux :( spend some time on the home/cross trainer #agr2010
can't wait for later. off to work i go :( hope it's not busy
i don't want to leave india :( .. i'm gonna have so much work tomorrow.
dos nugga rite here dixs nigga rite here id do sum things 2 him but all outta luc ---> <-- :(
iight twitter im out. im tired as hell rite now. :( nite. or atleast im off here. lol.
i know. & its all mostly jonas songs too. oh what they do to us... haha. awwe & albl! ♥ :( :( :(
it's nearly chocolate day!!! :) 13 hours til creme egg season is over :( off to an animal park today...my take a cagoul! ;)
ugh, i have to download all the apps again :( gonna take forever!!
quem me dera a mim :( if you're camping out for an ipad, holler back with pics and location!
so i was at the & concert and a certain someone ...@carlyraejepson was there as well i didnt get to meet any of em :(
umm.. not as exciting as i expected, but its okay.. i got headache tho :( hows your weekend? having any fun at all?
hehe! that and stress apparently! i've been working too hard :(
noooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! brother and friends ate all the food. there goes my dinner :( they even ate the bread rolls for tomorro >:(
i´m jeallous :( i dont have a rob pillow or other bedstuff ... my sister got everything from her boyfriend at x-mas and i??
yeahhhh the fuckin foor prints! i tried that powder shit once it does work!! and ohh yeah they sure do :(
layin in bed staring at the ceiling :( lolrt lol notihng much you?
i can't fall asleep!!! :(
our househelp's leaving for a month-long vacation to her province. saaaad. no one will help me cook good pasta for a month :(
aww dang!! shannons gone :-( #dwts
seriously hope that tomoro u will be free and date me out. i really hope that :(
i just want to cuddle :(
awwww that sucks. :(
dayum my tummy feelin unusual :(
no, i'm fine... but i hit my head :( i think i'll be ok....
lol sayz in a bag girl now :( he sayz i'm a badd cousin lmao what a lie
i'm kind of sad that 4 of the 6 bun-buns are going to new homes tomorrow. mama bunny has no idea. :(
why is it going to rain on easter? ugh. what about our easter egg hunt! :(
woke one easter morning to find the neighbour's dog had eaten all choc eggs hidden by the easter bunny. : (
morning... dont got bday wish from :(
aaaah keseeeel nanggung paraaah bbmnya :( please ask me,ask meeee!!
:( sore throat.
i am really sorry i blanked out on you like that... i fell asleep, it was uncalled for and i apologize! :( don't go to volterra!
retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. >>. :-(
did you guys all decide together to stop tweeting for lent? i misses u guys it was horrible without u :(
miss you to babe! i am, met my hero ya know! lol.. dont miss me to much tomorrow. : (
ready to cry, can't sleep... i'm stressing...and i was so close yesterday :(
it still hurts :(
u looked like u were crying :( don't ask cuz i have no idea either, lmao.
ngga :( matt..lu pke bb ga sh?
::: read an article on school dayz .. moi feelin nostalgic! playground, canteen, sharin lunchboxes, ma friends..aaah! :( :::
naww u stayin there? :(
finished reading the last song yesterday. i cried :(
my mom text me "ok son love you too" she never textes me :( i love her
i would love to, but i don't think we'll have time :( we're heading straight to rainbow beach from gold coast, then to airport.
more like, bloody eels! too many mistakes at crucial times, bah :(
waduh.. cpt smbuh ya ta.. otw to plaza ex,thamrin (°⌣°) klo mah tepar,sakit,hiks :(
mother is disturbing the natural order of my room! crisis :( there is a method to my untidiness and now it is destroyed.
fuck can't sleep :(
i know :( i blame emily blunt and her butt chin. lmao.
happy bday #shoutout goes out 2 (even tho you didn't come to my party :( lol)
i'm cold :(
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. : (
i think tats a bad idea to watch a 4'o clock match in this scorchin sun :(
i'm so tired and sleepy but jasper chow, wee kiat and gerard won't let me go back and sleep... :( gerard is snoring on the bus...
omg wish i was there :( say hi to all the boys from me! and kick ass!!
morning world got a busy day today and i'm in pain :(
misses someone terribly!!!! :(
i ate too many biscuits :(
dammnnnn !! i miss u morreeee :)) how could u aren't tweet me :( okayy let's ввм an :) hahahahahah
lolol yeah i was like...rear? that's a shame :( do you reckon you can get it back?
edwin.. edwin.. edwin..edwin.. i'm still waiting for you to yes. :(
