ughhhh :(
:)) yeah, she's cool :) but her performance wasn't as great as i was expecting it to be :(
someone un followed :(
:'( why cant i do anything right :(
i've hit that point where i know i have to...i hope it helps cpz nothing else does :( ilyyy
wft! 5 unfollowers :(
#iraqi gunmen kill 25 people believed to be linked w/sunni militias opposing al-qaeda, police say. /guns aiming wrong way :(
still at impact. :(
omg, my w595 sot sot already, howhow :(
no lunch even today :(
went to dinner with mom, then she decided she wanted to go get another tattoo and just got home and i got to be up and at work by 930 :( fml
going to sleep :). gon think about winning a new ipad want one so badly! :(
lost 6 followers :( who can get me more followers ?xo
yeah that's right :(
finally free to sit down! ahh but it's time to work on the homework and ass :(
haha we have to tweet a lot, we don't get alex & izzie on the show :( rp is all we got!
*crosses fingers, toes and everything else..* i haven't seen you in aaaaaaages :( <3 <3 <3
yea... sry :(
i can't even complain kasi even my mom thinks its my fault eh wala naman akong magawa na abt it. :(
there's a repairman/carpenter/hero outside. all i can do now is pray. :( i'm thirsty
need to leave for running sooon :( i'm too tired! cba man
i'm just too emotional :(
please pray for philippines and the world to be safe! :(
i knoww quite a late night for you ;) noo i won't get wifi! :( xx
miss my dog. was a good friend for many years. hope he is happier now. :(
i.have.to.gooooo :( but i never stop to think of the #jonasbrothers ♥
iam awake :(
:( im unhappy now again :(
not at coachella, but at the sf and la shows, gary numan is playing the whole pleasure principle album live ahhhh! not far :(
gosh!! the teacher said '' thinking in our heart!! but i said no!! when we thinking the head hurts not heart "the class laughing'' :(
it'll take you ages :(
you're right. :(
i cant sleep, its still stuck in my head, :(
oxygen mask? tell me, how i'm supposed to breathe with no air :(
:-( who did it? do i need to throw on my all black everything?
sooooo i've jus been sittin here && my feet r literally throbbin right now :( damn where da hell is my future boo at???!!!
ok why did i upload a picture but it didnt come up :-(
and that looks like adam's codpiece! bwahaha. except it's not studded like adam's :(
nm...tired as hell !! sooo much work,going to office on a weekend ! :(
wala silang velvet ngayon :( pati nga fudge brownies :(
didnt wear my watch :( feel really weird and empty without it.
when you invite me i live right down the street from u smh u dnt love me :(
nighttime sucks. :(
weekend is kinda no go, worked yesterday and working now n tomorrow all 7am to 3.30! :( u doing much? xx
you are so mean, unless you buy me something :(
batre lowbatt :(
i wish replied to me and made my day :(
what!? you went to the lab after? bummer. :(

just to say, once again, you are a prince.
don't mess it up please. i must don't want you. this condition is forced me. i really don't wanna do this. i want you to stay :(
