its on my cpu haven't listened haven't had time. :( ima dl to my phone or upload it.
worst set-up yet! i get like no resources. :(
ur so lucky u can pull of maxi dresses i hate being short
:(
thanks for the information and if i go to youtube i only saw the videoclips so i don't know about the acoustic of baby :(
omg my car is dead! :(
yes really haha. and nooooo :( everyones going when i'm not on haha
uchh soo tired :( ohh the stuff i do for my friends lol ;l nanightt guys <3
sooo missing :-(
after checking my to dos, omg i've got tons of things to finish :(
hate it when that happens...rt fkn pissed king taco is closed........ : (
hahaha the name doesn't match the person :o and i won't see you tomolo!! :( i have werk at 1.. lai bu ji :(
naww, i was in the city the other night, wish i was there tonight :(
fuckkk! sumhow this always happens :/ how does any ov this make any sence :( fml!
u are not taking care of him... neither is his girl :(
oh no my internet connection failed! sorry my cue to sleeep good night! :(
yeah it was good thanks. switching between a couple though due to ad breaks :( you have a good night?
my eyes and stomach hurt. i think i'm getting sick or something :( and allergies. fml
:( thats a shame. what one you getting ?
i wish i could :(
anyone else going for world expo in shanghai this coming september? :(
liat !! lucu banget ! parah, mau liat :( ngakak liat yoogeun dance rdd hahahaha lucu banget !!!!
no its jst me im depressed :(
you don't reply anymore you make me sad :( lol
i should have stayed home :(
the lecturer go too fast.. i'm slow in catching up.. so.. :( i was so blur when she teach yesterday
i know :( it was fault :(
wassup! chilly in #nbo, drug free wknd :(
finally! i know his name! johnny allen from eastenders. i was trying to think of his name all night last night and i couldn't get it :(
same here am wide awake much earlier than had set alarm for :(
going to sleep... i wish he was here :(
ugh i kno lolita!!!!!! truckstop vs. roughhouse!! :(
think i'm coming down with a cold :(
dangit i have a fever. i need my mommy :(
so sad, golden tickets won't come to thailand. so disapointed :( u think thai fans don't hav feel...
lol same here! except i got laptop, but no youtube videos or games.. :(
i failed at putting this fake tan on, my hands and neck are patchy! :(
enough sunny enough :(
i hate being in situations like this. get me out of here :-(
locals= :-( but we all know how these locals get down... smh.
killer cookies ka recipe? picture? i'm still waiting on your blog :(
i hate working! and i'll have to be at work for another 7,5 hours :(
ak di ob-gyn beb, its been an abnormality in my cycle :(
i have to go to เช้งเม้งงง for all daylong !!! dont wanna go anywhere :( hahaha xd
i miss my pimple-free face! :( what happeeeened.
say hello to your strategist :(
i miss him soooooooooooooo much....didn't think its possible!!! :(
nothing .. i'm kinda bored :( hbu ?? what r u doing now :)
free pick lost :(
dangit i have a fever :(
aww :( im sorry if i dont tell u stuff >.< most of the time i dont cuz im disapointed in wat i do >.<
no new offers on the site currently... and you keep ignoring me btw... no response at a support ticket :(
i miss those times. :(
maaf tace :( bacot huaa lo bacot bgt ck ck ck ck ck
ditto!!! pity about lh :(
feels like my throat is sandpaper :(
something bothering you? :(
i'm not signing for anyone so i don't know if i'm gonna come :(
working on a presentation for the project, have to complete it and present it on monday!!! :( the weekend it screwed!!!
go out to the party not even there 2 hours, didn't even have a drink and i'm now at home sick and unwell fml :(
iya by udaah bisa kook hehe:)rt di refresh cbaa din hpnyaart bbm gue ngga bisa dibuka hoaaam :(
i was just there.. :(
i am envious of those who were there at the encore afterparty last march 27th. you bitches didn't even tell me you was gon go :(
photo: huhu. :(
sick :) ! seriously ?! huffff :( !!!
gah satander's telephone system is a nightmare. to say i'm wound up after using it would be an understatement :(
windows vista crashed, installing new op sys on my laptop :-(
ditto to that :-(
having an upset stomach right now. had the runs for 4 times already. please stop! :(
sorry :( i thought i was babe
what a day!! tenggorokan gatel jd batuk terus...ditambah ada sariawan di lidah...great !! :(
goin to studio72 to fux wit the unit <baby u were there omg... im hurt y u didnt come see me. smh. divorce must be tough :(
why did such a good night have to turn into such a bad night? :(
stuff lions! they killed a baby buffalo now im pissed! gee why do animals do that! imma go eat a baby to make me feel better :(
dont know how you do it i dont think i could work in retail again, having to work the weekend! <is hard :(
cant watch it, no 3g :(
thank you so much! =) i want to finish home work soon! :( lol i'm 16 years old. andu?
unfortunetly i don't :(
say goodbye to easter :(
knp?pas tarik talix ya?rt hehehe,,tp sakit tangan ku asiikknyaa.. :( capeeee abis main paraseling
and we're also selling some gorgeous chairs! :(
morning. i better get up earlier tomorrow and monday, get my body clock back to work hours. :(
why is my computer broken? no internet :(
bad day :(
i'm starting 12:45«--u gona cum c me first? « lmaoooo wat about ur boo :(
payments not yet received :(
lol i was about the say... but i feel the same :(
less than 12 hours left of christmas here in sydney!! :(
maaf tace :( bacot huaa lo bacot bgt ck ck ck ck ck
logan goes online when im offline. so unfair. :(
wide awake at half seven :( so not fair
i cant sleep... that paranormal activity got me shook, and was being mean and wouldn't stay on the phone with me :(
well i'm not happy so far :(
too hot... can't sleep. :(
hate the felling of losing something, however insignificant it may be :(
finishing painting kitchen today. going clubbing tonight in london but don't know where to go :(
it's so bright outside, where are my sunglasses :(
i know which tweet you are replying , i mean why you said scaredy?? i have reasons why i don't want to touch the book :(
mom and dad are gonna go to japan without me or my sis :(
lg cakiit :( ade ? :))
i'm saaaaaad...i want y'all :( sorry..yall still on 6th street...fuckn wit me i mite jus cum bak
aww hun i was supposed to but i just cancelled :( sorry lol x
cant believe you dont go through to q2 :( look forward to the race tomorrow though x
butuh temen :( :(
got to get ready for work in a min my ears are killing me though! :(
i got it :(
imma sad kid riite now :( had to get off ustream i was watching i wanna cry (*tear*) (*tear*) <13*con+r3ras*13>
dangit i have a fever. i need my mommy :( how about daddy lol jk
i hate your arm too. unity!! awwh poor george. :-( i hate my arm. #fb
drinking cola affects fertility??there goes my plans 4 hving atleast 10 kids :(
i really wish she had made it though. my bed will stink and my best quilt will be ugh. mum has washed it but sometimes the smell can stay :(
trying to fix the stupid internet it keeps cutting out :(
my oovoo isnt working anymore. :(
home from the concert :( haha
#follow-------------------->>> she needs a follower cause she just lost 1 :(
jangan sakit dong please :(
baby , i hate my fats too :(
ow ow ow ow ow. my ear bloody hurts :( and it was getting better till i went to work yesterday and it was really loud. xxxxxxxx
ah country story gw treenya jadi pada busuk smua deh :(
you're not sorry taylor swift :(
:o 325 followers??? :s ti ginetai re paidia? dn mou kanane farsa tn prwtaprilia kai tha ginei twra?aurio tha kanoun unfollow?? :(
i love you soooo much :) sorry i was asleep :( but #jonasbrothers
there will be power cut guys meet u at 3 :(
and i only had some bestfriends. jesus. and sorry if i made mistakes :(
same here! i can't watch it live this weekend :(
i need 1 follower :(
overall chart is currently separate, but drilling into the cats, it's all mixed in. wtf?! :(
can u say worst headache ever!!!! everything is wrong wit me....i jus need to go home :-(
yo can u come in romania plz now i stay in la but nxt week i come back in romania :(
going for the match tomorrow, yay! have lots to do till then, so much work for monday :( hope to see you there :) *klj re*
no not yet :( wont get mine till tomorrow :( x
why 9pm?! thats 5am here in la! :( #501carrotsformal
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight...... :(
what a day? not able to try studying, no one online to talk, no movies to watch, no jobs to do :-( how do i focus and start studying???
& sometimes the wrong time :( i.e.= this week 4me #zodiacfacts when there’s a dispute #aries people like to clear the air
yow. :( what? im bored.
