dih knp?yah sayang bgtrt hahaha acara besok batal vin :( curang. gue kpgn gt dia tb2 sms gue
:( sorry to hear that.. who passed away?
miss yu turt i miss my old friend :(
i want my handphone back! :(
damm it can't play on tues, and maybe fri :(
:( my ankle hurts!!!
nopeee just on my way to euston. i don't get in until 5. i haven't slept :(
does not wan't to work today!! :(
i'm sorry you guys, i can't come. :( have fun. don't stalk people too much ok? ;p
k bdg ya,take care.. maaf saya gbs ikut :( yg bru kay..haha.. (cont)
feeling bored no power in room and its hot outside :( bad weekend
i lost my voice : ( also got a verbal today at work for my attendance wow
hope all my youtube friends are havin fun with bieber! i wish i could have made it :(
morning tweeps. day 3, arghhhhh!! :-( but still #quitsmoking
i keep having nightmares and its making me scared to fall asleep. :(
no one wants help me :( i need just 5 more...
english test for monday :( so lazyyy
...its raining :( i hate the rain!
i hope so hun :( if not its ok. i hope to see ya girl this weekend before u head back. i haven't seen u since queen mary
yo i think aku tecalled ur mom lg and some other ppl. say kan sorry, nda belock tadi wah :(
18 more :( follow please :)
going to try to get some rest & forget the whole thing :( goodnight everyone
absolutely out of inspiration.so scared for this final sem.my heart isnt singing right now. :( angel of music!! a little help!!!!!
misses :( finishhh workk girl so we can chat :)
this film is making me sad! don't forget yourb parents :(
no.. i didnt recieve any.. :( you said "he asked me who i like" then i said what did you dau then you said (nothin)
gua harap bisa keluar satnite ini-___- oh mommy pleaseeeee let me :(
bye bye house :(
ughh i feel so sick yo :( my tummy hurts
on my way to mass. no parking, great. :( oh yeah, for the first time in about two weeks, not listening to a woah!
just arrived to cr. having a serious talk wit my lil cuzn now i'm all emo :( i just wanna love you
i got them too, i had to pay £2700 for them! :( i've had them on since 20th november 2008 :| fml!
aaaaaa ok thank you so much, i'm worried :( btw shindong online again xd
:( u can delete that hunny
my saturday school does : ( sad times for me
knapa syg? :( retweet cowo guw gag pngertiaan
me too :( i thought they were all going lees?
jus tell me when :)<-k :(
fucked up :( no plan, no money and my girl friend out of town.. fuck
i know :( :( poor manda. lmao
tiiiired and depressed. want to go home and get snuggles from my peter. :(
god. didn't get to sleep while after 3. i'm so tired! :( nice 8 hour shift to make me feel that bit better :/
aw that's no fair :( so it's saturday or sunday? i'm from brisbane, australia it's only 7:02pm atm haha
i miss tristan terribly. but i don't want to call and wake him up.. he might be angry :( one night of not being on the phone asleep= sucky
unlucky us :( i freaking hate the stupid time difference :/
i enjoy wet weather #f1 races but when it rains so much that it stops the quali, it's not so fun anymore :(
-.- that sucks :(
why am i just waking up? haha why am i still awake :(
me either :( i might wear my kilt just to be awesome xd if we can't taxi it back do you think your parents would pick us up earlier?
mostly just drove through the 3g area. i think that's why it messed up. my area is half gprs half edge :-(
im sorry sweetie....you makin feel bad now :(
well done on your easter egg win :-d i'm still eggless too :-(
yeah! =( may he reast in peace! yeah we all sad of our lost :(
(re: wahaha too bad i did'nt went there :(
followback please :(
hi jim! did you know that in italy "i love you philip morris" has been censored? :(
tau cara uninstal 'insert fancy char' g ? soalnya trial, jd g bs dipake lagi :-(
m awake so early, its not fair :(
my back hurts aagain :(
called me ' bomb-her-back' :( smfh
yes, it's frickin annoying! my internet is like the slowest in the world!! :(
oh shit! i just realized i am on my ipod :( and i cant see who rted. tweet me please!! <33 please!! i really wanna follow back pepz!
hahaha, i can't! sry! :( im stuck in cedar :(( hm i on tv!! i love this episode i love all eps!
what?! you're not working there anymore?? :(
hahaa, yeah. yay! i'm on vacation too. :) & yeah. :( like now! i want her badly to come here again. te amo is new single. :)
me too :-(
ur a cheater.,..ur lucky he replied...im missin rhea so badly dnt knw what to do... :(
yes, we shld!! too bad our house are like so far away from each other :( is there like a half-way point in btw to meet & study?
where are the pics we took? :(
so many things running through my mind right now. can't sleep for shit. ugh. here we go. :(
-xoxo-
girl i miss you. :(
oh no :( i wanted to go but financially ways i cant :(
hahaha ok anywhere!! omg im dying of boredom at home. i'm trying to decide if i should nap or do my work, sad life :(
i don't know what i would do without mine :(
awhh i'm sorry boo! i'm just now seeing your tweet :(
everything is pretty confusing right now :( xoxo
im so sadddd :( i miss my babe so much...t3 kier0 mi amor...y kiero k lo sepas nd i luv u, w!t all my h3art nd s0ul t!ll i die.....
it's 5 am. noise outside. uhhhh :(
hi pete did u get my greek tweet ? tried my best hun :( did it make any sense 2 you ? u didn't reply so i'm guessin not ha ha
i know. i just hate seeing a pretty girl sad. :( i hope whatever it is will resolve itself soon. *hugs*
my mind just keep on thinking abt this coming monday :( even when im having fun i still think abt it.
projects :( but i've just submitted my last assignment for this sem!!!
no easter eggs for me tommorow. mum the easter bunny is a land far far away :-(
do we get post today? i *need* my dvds :(
hows the beach... i sure wish i was home :(
so hot! need #air-con :(
:( i was asleep by 12!!! i don't feel any better today though, infact i feel worse! x
i am quite upset you brought up my... well.. tail problem :(
itz sat n no endweek plan .... :(
right.... dissertation time.... *runs away, stamps feet and shouts ' but i dont wanna!'* :(
i love you gok, haven't seen you on tv in a while :(
you too :( dm me ur number. :( :( ŭ made my day!!!
a little sad :-( oceansun <3
injury to radial nerve in arm=wrist drop :(
:) mum got me 2 pairs of skinnys... but they're really long hahah. looks like shes gunna have to take them up :(
did some reading. did some cleaning. did some dvd burning. time for bed methinks. i want some this weekend :( stupid family :(
none of the stars come to chennai :( esp the day when i get good seats :(
my sister is makin me feel like a pet :(
that tylenol did not help me :(
trying to get te video player to work so i can watch one of my old movies but every time i touch it to try and fix it i get zapped :(
nothing,but i'm not in my flat and can't see it hanging on my wall. :(
miss it too :(
140 daffodils bought and 8 garlic breads bought...... and the weather? its raining in brixham :(
time for sleep, gotta wakeup early. fail :( #wakingupearlysucks
can you make me feel better my following me? i've been down lately :( i love you.
fck , ipod is dyin' :( & no charger
can somebody tell j&j they should come to a€ too please? *cries* i can´t believe that they are only a few hours travel away from me atm :(
just got scammed on fb, do not join any pages for free groceries, it's late and i'm tired, that was so dumb of me :(
10mins to switch wrc :(
shame really :( sutil was looking good for a top 3 finish
