bumped my leg again. another bruise :(
.@scandalbadass i have a recurring toothache and i missed out on a very special night for a very special person. :-(
hey how u all guys doin :) having fever n cold acchooooo :(
i can dance :( project raised lol.
bored! :( go out, find a date? ahahaha. joke lang maam roch! :) -> bakit nga naman hindi ko naisip yan, haha
#f1 i have a gut feeling that this is it peeps thats your lot for today! :(
solution: ab bb cb db eb fb gb ab. crazy!!! cb and fb don't register in my head automatically. :(
best friend in town and she leaves today evening. cannot even meet her :-(
ahaha..yhuu fools are crazy..lmao. goodnite loves..i'm hittin tha sheets..alone. :( lol
omigod.. hit my head on a glass table yesterday and it hurtts :( think there's a bruise
stranded at the beach with bree juan and alan :(
(alan's wifey)
lmao is hella makin erybody jealous lmaoooo i miss my boyfriend :( lolllll
i am really a witch lol. i sleep in the day, wake up in the evening/night :(
:-( can our government assure our security?
:( i wish i could stay on with you a little longer but i have to drive to my moms early to help paint
coldcoldcoldcoldcoldcoldcoldcoldcold :(
man i am hung over :( but last night was amazing, met some amazing people and a girl who wont stop texting me...help
aku juga :( haha nyerah deh ga mau spamming dy dulu hehe padahal aku udh dr dulu follow dia
mhmmm. :( thankyouu bubba. :)
i was feeling a bit unwell this morning. hence the delay in wishing my friends. :(
just switched the furniture from playroom to dining room and vice versa. gonna have to switch it back later :(
:o how dare you own an iphone :(
so tired. cant sleep! :( cant wait to see you guys!
i miss :(
good morning! ^-^ missed all tweets last night :( reading 'em now! bleh, blood everywhere, had a nosebleed as usual. d:
binkz and typhoo make me wanna be a cat :(
itu voting cowo yg paling ganteng sedunia :) kt cuma bisa vote sekali per hari, trus tdnya % jae itu 72%, tp skrg jd 60% :(
i miss vancouver. :( i miss all the walking and chill canadians and cold seawalls and good japanese food and see-throughs and shopping.
i already fckn miss him :(
doesnt want to do homework :(
qualifying red flagged... too much rain :(
on the way bck home to new orleans :(
heading down to the beach to shoot but can't find my bucket and spade anywhere :(
my boots are definitely gone :( today i'm going to monza with my loves luckily (;
=> i hope that u reply me one day :(
morning all :-) well i say good morning but am actually going to bed after bad times :-( u can watch my twitter but u wnt tke my freedom !
oh my god! shocked :(
oh jfc that blows much. :( shitty net diaf please! when does it reset bb?
:( :( :( u dnt care bout me!!
you're fugly :( you're a trolllllllllllllll
#zodiacfacts cancer lives in the past. they hold past events close to them and often dwell on the past ( hate it but true :( )
its sad isnt it :-( i read it a few yrs ago and couldnt put it down
everybody enjoying saturday night…but i have to work. :(

asshole!
woke up and can't go back to sleep :(
i wanna go orchard for shoppinggggggg :( been so long since i shopped i'm feeling empty!
yeah not good :(
i have the hiccups :-(
why :( ??? u will be invited, no :(
eventually at my dads workkkk yay! :(
sooo wanted to get those "hello, my name is..." stickers today :( gonna put my new lightbulnb in sooooon yaaaaaay =d
is still bored :(
huhuhu lagi apaaa da?rt miss you too :( aeldaaaaaaaa miss you deh :'ort (cont)
if you think should go to your country :(
if you think should go to your country :(
dreams aren't real, right? :(
but i'm not going to get to see it until tomorrow :(
mainly cloudy today :( stay home doing some exercises
this is my laptop, use it for gaming, graphics, movies and everything, awesome machine, got mine from pc world :( #mhi
