i might miss the match #rr #csk #ipl................ahhhhhhh :(
aint gettin internet untill wednesday :( ...non fair!!...i wanna make a new dp! now!!! *crys* :l
(cont) gimme a mention then ill fix my following list :) bet i should change my pw now :(
oh my freaking gosh. my sis wants to watch a movie again. ohhhh please. :( we just got home. lemme surf the net first!
my ipod has a dent :( how is that even possible... :'(
bukan sodara scara lgsung s ... ada yg kena musibah puting beliung ... walopun gk mninggal tp rmhnya hancur ... hiks ... :(
cats left us with a nice easter presents cat sick. :( morning all btw. in city for shopping.
pfft.....favouritism.... :( i would walk the westies for you!!!!
following a change of heart have so far been wrestling my tresses for an hour and ten minutes... still the end is not yet in sight. ouuch :(
i feel like watching the whole episodes of glee, again. but got no time :(
knapa lgy dy ? sok sbuk ? haha typuk bikin badmood be :( knapa ? aaaaaah semua tai
ooops i totally accidently just blocked someone :-( how do i fix i? haha
koalas hate me as well :(
-> pity the pig :(
woke up with jedward hair this morning. not a good look. :(
gaga i always miss you when u tweet cos i am sleeping in england :( i love you xoxoxoxoxoxooxox
saya kelaparan! where's my super supreme extra cheesenya :(
co worker? more like ur new sancha :( that's it i'm breaking up with u
all sunny out there!!! looks like an awesome day for a walk. too bad today is tidy up day... :(
bus :) this bus always stinks. :(
huah damn finance! stuck with you :(
ahhhh that's sux! :(
i had a dream that you were angry at me :(
i just can’t concentrate!! sobsobs. been staring at the paper for the past 5 hours doing nothing :(
morning world... busy busy days have to work today :( so no football or time to do doxa :(
:( :( :( just had a dream that i met eva pope, and woke up to find it wasnt real !! :'( lmao.
don't drop by today unless you've bought your marigolds and are prepared to do an hour at the ironing board! boring housework all day... :-(
what! >.< should have warned me! good one! ahrghghrghh :(
i cant sleeep :(
i wanna cut my hair,please :(
is it horrible that the birds chirping outside my window are my cue to go to bed? yes. my week of bronchitis has just put me so behind! :(
if not now,then when? :(
i suspect that msc will be on p1 today. i don't like this! :(
why am i still awake? :( its 4am. i miss my husbandman. :(
tante niki *shy jikakak jan.. serasi tenan.... :maho asuwwww diedit :( :(
long time no computer :(
that's no good :( i hate feeling like that. glad you're feeling a bit better today xx
arrey i mean... i ususally avoid to go in the xtremely crowded places! in best possible ways! : ( feels way2odd!!!
i need to get up to get ready to meet the bf but im soo cosy in bed :(
huhuhuuu.. i wish i could come sweety, but y'know that i still got curfew :(
woooaaaa :( can't believe ! aaaaaa i've something to tell ;)
#mood i am *bored* cause never dm me :(
bloody postman has just shoved my photos through the letter box. scared to open them. does he not read? handle with care..yeah right :(
omg!!! my worst nightmare! :( are u at the airport; u should be able to get it all there! :) :) xxx
i cried from watching the last song :(
omg wait so hes not coming to perth :( im so sad now
leaving perth tis sunday back to singapore......... :(
you started the rumor!!!! hehe what happend? :( call me or something if you need to talk
auuuum :* cium cium , idungnya idungnya auummm :* i miss you toooooooo :( i'm in rawamangun baby (cont)
when i miss someone to hold, and hope begins to fade :( ewissh, this is all his fault!
i want to be there!!! :(
gagah gedhe duwur gahar (baca:tyok) nangis?? *ngebayangin 1 theater nangis semua :(
