:( it's unavailable! "@droolius i think there's a badge here to... ♫
board.com :( :(
i've been exhausted as well, but no sleep for me :( the most a couple of hours a night.
sorry..hey hi..how was ur trip. why nau?? :(
how do u view dm in tweetdeck? -- i dunno how chu. :(
two years?? good grief :( might watch an angel today to remember him.
wow mulai kualifikasi dan ayas kudu ladub mariki :( ready for q session. it's raining...
you lot are notties not hotties *sunglasses*-- :( ow lol
i'm a fatty :(
it seems impossible to finish anything at this point. there's never quite enough time :(
omg. i'm very tired :(
filmya tak bermaknaaa :(
mending gw ntn my name is khan 2x ato dragon 2x. ckck.
i cld use a drink right now....hell i cld use some chickfila right now damn i wish they were 24hrs :( guess dats where i'm headin 1st tmw!!!
i feel like dancing. :( dance with me. :|
i just wanna be held tonite..... forgive me for regressing :( ugh
has been up since half seven, in the holidays. :(
somebody needs teddy hug badly now.. :(
dunno :( i don't wanna explain over this tbh :'(
oo :(
then you love him and he hates you good just kill me its okay lol :(
they're melting down :( (or do u have a very big ice tray?)
isn't it a pain in the ass not to be able to sleep on? i'm the same :( any major plans for the weekend?did you see the rugby?
omg im buggered : (
i miss you alot ! :(
i have so much homework :(
grrr! all the trains after 6am are double & triple the price! these guys are on their jays oh, how will i wake up that early? :(
very boring friday :(
whoa.. i wanna go to bora.. as in now! :(
want coffee... :(
earlier, i found out that raffa && alessi liked hannah montana and gave them my tshirt too bad i lost the stickers. :(
this is going to be the longest of long days :(
now playing# movie ,cbreezy is at the lakers game chilling without me by his side :( lol . #teambreezy 4 sho!!!!
are u lurking?? its almost 4 in pa and i'm wide awake all of a sudden! :-(
fell asleep early. just woke up again. missed #apriltwo :-( my daddy's in town! we leavin' for zion tomorrow! woot!
cacad, alone in the airport... parents ilang, no pasport, useless wallet and bb :(
i hope so! it's since after the gig in milan that hurts :(
i wanna call you "jam" . why don't you notice me ?? :(
ikutan donggggg..gak dpt angin sepoi-sepoi nih...malahan dptnya job cepoi-cepoi :( :: angin sepoi-sepoi, semilir, bengong.
emg knp gt? tolong saya mau chamber besok aaaaa! mom please jangan egoisssss :(
fft a movie awesome. i just plan out nothing :( nobody likes penguins. and lol go to bed night jeez
whadado everybody! this may be a busy period as some family friends/relatives may decide to drop in. expect a drop in tweet traffic. :(
i hate wondering what the consequences are gonna be :/ but i know it's going to be bad :(
its way too hott outside :(
ada yang kurang :( kaga enak bgt kan rasanya, hampa i give her 110% but i get nothing. how sad
grace is going to work now :( i am alone once again.
oh, tv you're letting me down tonight. i'm stuck watching backfire with karen allen and jeff fahey :(
ahhh good mornin everyone can't beileve i'm workin over the easter holidays .. not fair :( xxx
yea :( i'm too bored
i dont like feeling like this :(
no flying today due to bad weather :( still off to the airport for some ground school though.
so excited to be in dublin but just realized i won't get easter bread this year :(
aww me 2 sandz--- so sad we can't find men like them guys lol :( but i was a good one thou
i had an idea for learning the existence of latent variables in graphical models from data but have not had time to pursue it :(
idk! *,5 i know :( someone emailed me saying "fuck off you fucking german!!" :'( why? thats not nice :(
fuck shouldn't have drank coke -_- now my stomach hella hurts! :(
2xl coffee's from tims, ya its gonna be that kind of night : ( hahahah
and you guys all sound pretty much the same to us :-( heh
lmfao oh wow , you a hot mess < lolz.. no i"m not.. :( i juss fixed u up.. #thatsgood ya know? #uroasting?
chaazziillllaaa lol folllow me please please please!!! :(
today was a total fail :(
lol. just said eff me :( that's soooooooo rude. <<--but i can do that tho cuz im me lol im diff!!!
uugghhh i hate this feeling :( and it won't go away !
lha itu masalahny mbb :( haha , aku gtw dek lha tpi tmpatny mbb ? (cont)
cal ol msn cepetaaan huhuu :(
you could be right! just thinking of that poor lamb, did he just enjoy his last breakfast? & in that pouring rain aswell :-(
i really wanna watch harry potter :( silly mama wont take me to the video shop
soo tired :-( couldn't sleep last night :-(
wrdd, she pretty but he could do better i think i hope it aint true i swearrrrrr & : (
wayy to early to be going to work when i went to sleep at 4am :(
my ipod needs charging :(
off to get my teddy bear. this shit will give me nightmares. :(
eh ikut dong jemput :( otw pim witha dan si cantiq
qotta wake up early tmrw :-( soo qoodniqhtt yaww :-* !
am having a hard time working on this phone. i miss my iphone. :(
-oh yeah sorry, tonight was nuts :( we need to play animal crossing sometime too :)
has got stitches :(
puke alll over my car :(
being rejected is not fun :(
awwww, why facebook dont allow me to connect twitter! :(
i'm still feeling so bad today... headache,sleepy,breathless,hurt throat,blah blah blah... :(
we barely talk anymore/hang anymore. i miss you, buddy. :(
im good :) im happy now :) well, he said that he really really really like me. i sent you like 2 emails, but not working :(
i know, i'm sorry! i had to restart my phone, then i saw you signed out, & i got side tracked! :( sorry.
aww i cant see escape the fate video :(
me too :(rt wish to go to the traffic light party. ani cam cindarella ku bekurung drumah. huhu :(
i got hanged up on :(
ugh! high speed internet has been down all day :(
wishing i was at #easterfest :-(
feel like shit :(
omg this is annoying im finding loads of tweets that i want to but i can't cuz in on ma phone :(
ok now! i guess i should take a break frm all these,.. examz comin up :( #twitter #fb
nice to meet you last night. i hope see you soon somewhere in action not at te :( no press access
thanks :) missing her a lot :(
so bored today :(
cramming again! my favorite amongst all! :(
hey bri...hope ur happy to be home with family great concert in melbourne..wish i had chance to meet u guys :(
wtf did u just eee her?! i guess u made yo choice! :(
just went to the cemetery kanina....ang init :-(
if you miss this :(
i want a tea latte now but i'm stuck at home doing work. :-(
me too ): bete :(
just managing to turn the day over so not cool. focusing is just not happening. :(
pretty much bang on schedule for the rain then :-(
i miss my laptop, our internet, darn it! i miss our house. :( hurry up with the spring cleaning mom... please???
ugh headache :(
thank you. i just have to think about getting out of all the tickets by may. :(
is there anyone out there who can help fund the fundraising book www.planet-bb.co.uk desperate for funds :-(
its tonight na ate ricci. tuloy tuloy na mamaya. hindi ka abot? :(
gonna miss twitter when i'm in japan :( and miss the fangirls too :(( ♥
wts weed? i smoke bout 12 cigarettes a day and cant quit now :(
my feet are done.....i need someone to massage them too.... :-(
i'm so excited to start stretching my ears, i want my stretcher kit to get here like tomorrow! but it wont be here til like next thursday :(
this time tomorrow should
be in glasgow hoping to meet lovely again then going to show again,it's nearly all over :(
lol. just said eff me :( that's soooooooo rude.
u leaving us? :-(
#kays #butdontdeleteyouraccount :(
nigga look like helga from hey arnold went bald -------> he was the pinata at the party. :(
oh my! freaking long queue at museum! :(
terharu nonton orang cacat main gitar pake kakinya :(
now u want me to cut out my words? :o haha noooo :(
choppin it up with the brohoes then spending the rest of the night with lexyboy. wah! i don't wana go home :(
dang!!! im goin on holiday, but the place has no wi-fi for me ipod :( guess this is my last chance ;) #websdotcom
ye to cheating hay :(
you never texted me :( ! </3
damn it. has socks on. looks like i'm outta luck. :(
