nooo #jonasbrothers are getting down! i want it tt forever! :(
i know rite justin dosent care about us! :(
its my last day in miami, i'm kind of sad :-(
yaaa upiil jahat banget siih :( masih sayang kan tapinya? hehe bau bau bau busukrt (cont)
i miss you! :( *puppy face*
awww...i do too. i aint got nobody on team lewinsky. :(
just stay at home :(
now arrived ygn?? :(
so i didnt get to relax..finally getting in bed. funeral in the morning. :(
:-( just my luck! #fail
watching service online. sigh such a sad thing that i can't attend it :(
i wanna watch it :( ,, me 2 very late ,, and i dont know why :s
trying to study for the boards.. school is over :( .. hope everybody stays in touch even after the boards .!
henn on my shirt :-(
and babies grow up so ridiculously quickly. my aunt just had twins last fall and they're already so big :( makes me sad
knapa si hunny? i am a trouble maker. :(
is packing for socal :(
just bout to head off to work, my baby had to go home cause hes not well :(
i'm so drunk that my favorites are out of order. someone please hit of up :(
it's incredibly hot here and there protests everywhere throughout the city :-( let's hope they don't get worse... hotel is beautiful tho :-)
mean ol snoring bear :(
i need it :( rofl
i agree she'll realize soon, i think she already knows she's “large” but she doesn't want to think about it :(
i'm awake way too eary. but i can't get back sleep :( i was having an amazing dream that i was at a busted gig.
damn i can't believe i missed your drunk call :-( i hope you had a fantastic night!!!
i wish i was there :(
its all sold out !!! :(
lmao smh he see tweets when he want too wrddd all 3 of us lol when we gonna cuddle up? :(
doesn't feel well and feels suprisingly light headed everytime she blows her nose :(
okrt ehh knp ga pake bb lg say? say readd pin aku dong bnyk data yg ilang :(
hey, at least you could go to a store and buy one. #noipadsintheukyet :(
who makes a 9 a.m. dentist appointment on a saturday?? the same idiot who stays up until 2:30 the night before :( #spankmeandputmetobed
ko min naw..#myheartwillgoon lmao ehen buh u r not here now abi?? :( lmao..u knw dazz nt true!!
dont think so :( hope it will :)
please magic your way to melbourne with :(
my life just isn't as cool as yours :( lol
something wrong with me :(
no i don't :( we're off now. speak to you later!
:( m missing my parents :( :( askies!!!!!! call them..
badmood gue berkelanjutan ternyata. thanks god :(
i didn't win the justin bieber competition on www.habbo.co.uk :( fml!!
#foodfail the burger i bought that i specifically asked for no cheese on had cheese on it :(
my head is killllliiiin me! :(
i'm italian :(
hahahaha nope :( but will go to the kitchen now, i'm starving!
temperature rising.. :(
trimakasih guswib cepat sembuh tante get well soon mamii :(
ko min naw..#myheartwillgoon lmao ehen buh u r not here now abi?? :( lmao..u knw dazz nt true!!
ma friend is a single father now && im not happy bout that...need ta go home n see him me && :-(
just me overthinking again :(
is feeling just a bit shabby this morning, stayed out way to late, i feel very old now :-(
seriously. some people are just messed up in the head :(
hm, word. we can do whatev we want. i miss my friends too. :( i wanna go back to school cause of them.
my bf cuts his hair for easter: i love his long hair :-(
ng'down gue :(
barkada shoot. without roden :(
sedih dhe gw :( yahhh ud jpt :(
ooc: i'm about to hop on a plane! u can't kill me while flying around in rl! :(
i'm in bakersfield i won't b home till sunday night :-( if u go let me know if u liked it
i can't nap :( seriously. it is my biggest character flaw as a human being... try as i might, it just doesn't happen :/
so i get out the car and im parked in the alley, i see this big ass rabbit run after me. #scariestshitever im back in the car~ :-(
smh movie nite by myself :( o well had fun today ....
i know right?? i'm such a knowledge junkie :(
i seem to have developed a really annoying and weak cough :(
a good day ended on a bad one :-(
kalah lawan musuh bebuyutan :( tapi besok gw main lagi hehe
