everyone went out for fast food and i am stuck at home with porridge guhh sad life is sad... :( wants fries so badly.
didn't know that shinjuku gyoen closes at 4!! damn damn, we just missed it :( it's ok tho, it's not that today's the last chance or anything
hi. me & j bout to drive to austin. wish u were wit us :(
:( i haven't watched it.
d: rain on wednsday d:::: not cool!!!! we're gunna get wet :(
at hotel dharmawangsa. ready to have some lunch. i'm hungry to death. :(
&& now my internet throw me out.....yeh realy cool :(
... good :) (i dont' like people who unfollow me.... :( )
you know its a bad friday night work when all you want to do 3 am is come home and play video games to relieve stress! :(
twitter is the only way i've got of contacting people :(
so... i'm not over you.. and the only thing i regret is letting you go :(
you don't see the philippines :( please follow mee.:( :) it'll really make my dayy!:)
hoping there'd still be gg dvds in gh. last time i checked astrovision, they don't sell them anymore :(
work again :(
i am so depressed right now!! :-( i need some chocolate stat!
totally not tired! :(
what's wrong, hunny? :(
still not feeling great :( and i am craving steers chips and lindt bunnies...
stream down :( #asot #asot450
asik banged dund,,, (alay) di garuut cintaart emang dikau lg dimana? i miss jakartaaa huaa :(
can i attempt again ? it said u can attempt only once no :( :(
depends. +100000000000 rt: imagination is hard to come by these days ! :(
never if you continue to call me nick jonas :(
extraño a sta mujer : ( #jonasbrothers
as long as and dont know about it. bikaffeee :(
i also ah neh :(
i'm sorry for the unreplied :( twitter doesn't let me show those replied tweets. bummer. :|
a same case! rrrrggg... :( nguantoek to the max...
:( i miss my grammy
it was ok we didn't stay long was pouring down :( x
i hate this feeling...and i'm not ready at all for this :(
ehhh. no sleep. living off shrooms and ecstacy. i wanna be loved. :(
u as well. even though i'm an hour late :(
even though i got a bit of it, i hardly get goodnight sleeps cus i'm always up and just can't sleep. i think i need help :(
i can't :(
back just broke off the computer chair :( in the middle of a long weekend too :(
i'm glad i've been chosen for the quote of your day! :) the others are asleep :( i'm just so scared.
#blastingbreezy a heart aint a brain but im thinking i [still] love yuh:) :(
*does some time zone maths* :( that sucks. i hope you guys escape soon.
aww i misssed it :-( the lebanese iphone app just featured with on morning tech show
shame i couldn't stay with him for longer though :(
why do you always thanks the people that have jasmibators in there name, im a fan too :(
i can't do anything :(
omg! why did i get married too was so good :(
got caught :( dammit she put me on the spot
huhu,dun b donk beb..knp sh? :( i hate april!!!!
i get unfollowers :-(
you know who i'm talking about! ;) i miss you! :( *puppy face*
really?? :(
celly is dying :(
living wid a broken hand :(
awesomeee, i wish i was old enough for that :(
were watchin one love then going to alberts i hate watchin movies like this :(
a child? :( your the one who gets the happy meals -.-
oww that's really cool you know no, the one with gerard :(
i miss him so much man :-(
just feel like breaking dwn and crying myself to sleep but wats that gonna due :(
i think my hair grows twice the speed as compared to others. can't get expensive haircuts :-(
i'm so sorry to hear love : ( xo i feel your pain.i'll be praying...
argh !! my foot got stepped on trice in a row ! :(
how the hell is it 3:30? :( goodnight lovelies.
bandung i miss your atmosphere :( (lebay)
oh my geez. i'm so jealous! i think i am going to order one.,.right now. we don't sale them here anywhere. :(
geez, i tweeted a lot today. i was in a really good mood all day. i just hate that i can't cuddle with my hubby right now :(
not going to training, im so ill :(
omfg! it's spring ... so why is it so windy out ? it's scary...cool, but scary :(
i feel like putting a japanese doll at my back sia & a few stars around my ear. but mum dun allow! :(
i can't :(
i just can't seem to sleep late anymore even after a night out :(
awesome i miss wifi tether :( have any of the bugs on the xt built been fixed like the dimmin lights as stuff i might just go back
udah off ya? :(
almost done with the main bits of aop... a tad bit more for tonight before i sleep... got to do reflections essay tmr :( boohoo!
i would use it if i new know to. its so hard :( and did u go ikea? as if u went and didnt tell me?
cool he's going to the lake tomorrow wanna take bets on who he takes... its not me hint :(
jus some bad news..my frnds in jail :(
thats so sad :-(
omg! twitter sucks atm :(
:( man i want some popcorn but dont feel like goin down them 4 flights of steps... ugh y is the microwave so far away
coffs harbour. grandparents don't have a computer hence don't have internet :(
i hate having headaches. :( make this go awaaaaaaaaay
my grade in sophomore is down! :( fuck!
nobody is txtn me anymore :(
lmao i kno i look at it everyday wondering why it wont shrink :(
awww jesse jorge n tony just left :( i miss the kool kid krew now :(
laaah knp myu?khn myu mw creambathrt waaaa jgn berhenti nah smsnnya sepii nih :(,aaahh maaff naahhh :(
morning!! t'is gonna be a lonnng day i can tell :(
yepp alright thanks ;) i woke upp too early :( wuutooo?
i prolly need to go home but i can't make myself leave the hospital :( _rip brande<3_
shut up you bitchy :(
yaaaah i'll miss you dong pap :( unyunyunyuuu
lol,i hate when someone unfollows me :(
#lol d: rain on wednsday d:::: not cool!!!! we're gunna get wet :(
got a bad cold during a week..... could go nowhere... :(
lol you tryna tell me anything <<<< thats not niccee :(
that drives me nuts as well. :(
we love you demi so much... i hope you see this :(
-> awsome james!!!! i can't wait to hear your new songs!!! u let us for a long long time :(
looks awesome mate, missing s60v3 handset :(
she took it with her :( i need a cellphone.
i'm sorry ya :(
at home and my body kumat lagi :(
stupid skunk ... sprayed somewhere near out windows and my eyes are tearing up every time the heater turns on as it sucks in the stink :(
up at 6:45 to let dog out, then back to bed for the most incredible dream; have been trying to get back to it, but it seems i'm awake. :-(
pleas follow me :(
gue sedih bang :( knp mand :(
me unfortunetly :(
i can't seem to sync my phone :( darn it.
:( il try... great that will make me feel better..
its 3:30am on the east coast...and i cant fall asleep either :(
girl , can you help me ?! i havent git 300 followers :(
you should come more often ;) are you leaving allready? :(
my cup is empty :(
now, that was unexpected and worst. :(
lady gaga's concert 600kr and muse 600kr! green day concert 600kr! hahahah pier pressure 700kr! :(
omg! now chocolate on my phone! no more ice cream 4 me :(
yikes! is that how long it'll take for the rehab? :(
gara2 backgrounf pake kyuhyun pake baju item putih, twitter gue jd hitem putih. huuuu :(
lol my computer is officially broken.... :-( all is lost
come on #echelon vote for 30 seconds to mars :) were loosing :( http://ow.ly/1u5il
no i won't be able to be there in may. :(
oh really? i wanted watch it this weekend :(
brown hair......i'd like to have ash colour :-(
i wana hear :( lol
uh ricky desamito, i am not weird ! :( haha that was late . well poo gotta pay for fonesies tomorrow morning, disconnected til the morning !
underneat its still winmo 6.5 :(
sherlock holmes is confusing me :(
i gotta be up 8 in the a.m. the only reason i'm up now is cuz a special friend of mine is trying to find me on webcam but it's a #fail :(
bo sanchez was molested twice, first by his cousin, then his youth group leader. i find some events in his life similar to mine. :(
: another bird? 0.o wat? do i luk lyk a bird :(
owww my head :(
hoalah need a rest please :(
hanya pembalap.. wakaka. .rt saya bukan racer????? saya bukan racer.. :(
llueve... :(
they made a perfect couple :( made......
ok :( jus come backkk fuck
for what?? fallin for someone?? i hate this feeling...and i'm not ready at all for this :(
shes gone, :( haha, im not going to see her for a week, woah, thats a lonnng time! hahaha, beaner car! x) haha my parents are stuck with ...
whats up, demz? :(
i have a sore head and wasn't even drinking last night :-( morning ladies :-))
:(
i'm sitting outside in the cold listening to my totally rocking playlist. mum friends are stinking out my house! :(
kaya scodelario is much prettier than the fugly princess in clash of the titans, why is she only her bitch. :(
yeah. i had my little luci cat but the ex wouldn't give her up :(
i'm wondering the exact same thing myself.. : (
just woke up!!! i'm feeling hungry :(
yea rite! u didn't ask me 2 roll! ma feelins really hurt! :( way n ontario?? i see u tho! lol ;)
i couldn't get the day from work tomorrow for ford island bridge 10k... wanted to improve on my time from last year : ( oh well...
oh that's not good! yeah that's not that good. wow. you guys were going so good :(
preparing my heart for a bumpy heart break : (
after i attempt to fix my laptop of course :(
