sorry i didn't do my #ff today i got home on saturday :( but thanks for the #ff &
welcome thanks!rt www.index-of-mp3.com selain 4shared biasa download lagu di mana lagi? :(
ugh... i think i'm starting to get sick... nooooo :(
*envy -_- kidding jogging td pagi berat gua dr 43 jadi 41,tapi abis makan gua nimbang lg jadi 42 :(
ths smester is hardest one. but i gotta survive for my credits. oh god gimmee ur grace :(
u in the middle? wrddd all 3 of us lol when we gonna cuddle up? :(
wew..olahraga,yan byar gaq b0sen..hehe akhirnya saaya tetep bosan :( akhiiirrnyaaa... morning?
sbar ya meh.hwkwk udah syen, tp ga puas mereka cm nyanyi 1 lagu :( meh da liat shineenx?
having breakfast then going to ma end !!!!!!!! :( =(
gue kgn where are you now ? i miss you beby .. :(
show tonight was great :) crazy busy though! no time to hardly talk to anyone :( 5 days off starts now! going to my friends' for easter yay!
same here. someone told me the special effects were good but the storyline could've been better :( ..i'm gotta see for myself
i probably just ate over a thousand calories. :( not good.
you ok? :(
it's our reunion today but guess what?! we didn't attend it because it's too hot and no food's available to all of the guests. :(
watch #hachiko,a gentle reminder..just cudn stop my eyes from draining :(
georgiabeach: well ive gotta work 9 6 :( the last two days we’ve had all the oldies going crazy for their...
sayang kamu banget boo :) without you , i'm nothing :(
my son jassiel on his very first night out with his friends to the movies !! omg i feel old .... :-(
soooo tired.. but i'm still packing :(
history :( ozz and junyu made shipshot questions. adha didn't even help out! arghhh. i feel like copying your idea make flash:(
a classic lose lose situation. red shirt loses, govt loses people lose thailand loses. ain't it cool ? :( feels sad to th
in and out of sleep not feeling too good damn u texas weather :(
going to stop ordering online,we must be the first drop of the day getting up far too early some days :(
mom's having bratwurst.bbc broadcasting nuremberg's story.a friend sell his mercedes. another day when nothing's fit :(
i dnt miss manila knowing id be back sonner dan expected. t-t i feel down :(
:( :( really?
hahaha no john :( and i'm glad! bcuz i do not look good in a swim suite!!
hei hei kapan kita kaya dulu kelas7 main brg share brg ketawa brg :( miss u somuch together . ayo kita sahaaaabatan lg :)
i hope so! :(
want to go to the beach but my vacation is over. :( wishing to happen some good times.
gasps the meter is going up and up and up. 10.80 now :( ! lucky i decided to bring 30 dollars. i bought only 10 dollars at first. [delayed]
trying to catch the episodes on discovery travel & living...but not succeeding much...too much of channel surfing my home!!! :-(
i wish i was staying at 's place tonight :(
this is purely invoicing day for me at work, endless amount of paperwork! time for cos. to seriously accept only e-invoices :(
how the eff is crap brown band also up for entertainer of the year? that's not possible. not cool acms, not cool :(
pg klaot ma cew2 :( knpa lg wanda? ma kwanin dy mata" in wanda --" ma siapart
i wish i could this :( but nope. rt: if you live in the united states!
your tweet, sorry :(
i checked that out a year ago because i had a friend that lives there. they have no affiliation to the us target sadly :(
jasmine you ignore me :( i am your fan from venezuela!!
why was in my timeline :( i thought i got rid of them
no one is tweeting :( who i am following.
since i lost one of my ipods last night i'm trying fm radio :( it was kinda sad until now "losing my religion r.em." nice
she wont beleive me :( god! i wanna die. she hates me.
watching degrassi and procrastinating on #scriptfrenzy... i am way behind and i have a feeling this may be a disaster. ugh :(
my kids went home with their parents 1min ago. my house is so quiet now. i miss them. i wish they didn't go :( i feel so lonely without them
mbek sopo dul?jaluk paksa ae..!rt ealah, aku di iming2i roti :( buat kramean dul,kempesi ban2 mobil ngko lak rame.
08:20 on a saturday feels soooo early :(
found the one but their taken..but we get on so well :-(
i want to know why people stop following me. :(
tried to love somebody else but its so hard ,hhuhu :(
noo :( but he's not following me :( ..
i know! :( he's absolutely presh and i don't think he has a mean bone in his body when it comes to the fans.
is not satisfied at all.... :(
so i think that i'll watch some tv and i'll sleep! i didn't do it! :(
goodnite twiggies hope tomorrow will be better....ugh :(
that's not fair!! we lost am hour last week :(
i wanna hold you now. i want you know that i miss you :(
man me too :( what u on tomorrow night?
yes! :( #bullies act the way they do cos they are feel inferior abt themselves. but no 1, no kid deserves to be bullied.
is there nobody playing mj today?! :(
ohhhh that sucks so bad haha :( find out what's for dinner!!
omg. it's saturday alrdy! :(
oh no!!!!!!! if you success to make a new video for or tell me!! could you help me please? :(
just left club dreamz.<didn't invite me :(
i don't get my cousin a justin bieber ticket, and i forget to call her on her birthday :( oh man, i feel bad!
my stomache is getting bigger by the day!! i am eating way too much and not exercising enough :(
