bawakn :( dont forget to wear raincoat xp pulang dulu ah.
are you really deleting your twitter just because of that amazingcyrus? :(
> siam&paragon also closed but mbk still open na// mbk might close soon la :( chidlom on sale!
i just called & they having breakfast :( :( its not cool
i keep having a bad feeling somebody close to me is going to pass :(
hahahaha iyaa gila mi nam itu hoki banget serius! gue lg nabung nih mau ntn shinee hahahaa. fti payah ah gajadi :(
but you never see me :( im sad
can't sleep & have to be at work in 2 hours. :(
i wish i was not sick. ugh :-(
true :( are you watching the anime or reading the manga?
board poyenna paranje.. so new board medikkuvaaa... entho chip adichu poyi..so its better to buy new one he said :(
real bad day.feeling low and down.god do something :(
this just got way too intense.. poor sean and emilio :(
hope the rain will be stopped :(
i'm so retarded :(
jasmine! i remember you on youtube. you used to notice me a lot, not anymore.. :(
not allowed to :(
yea uve been lagging :( we need to ketchup! lol
what a terrible fall imran khan took! i dont care for marble staircases. i had them germany & was terrified when it rained. :-(
my cardigen is furring excessively. now fur is in my left eye and its now red :(
no :( never even been to one of his concerts lol, im too poor. what about u?
to much for me :(
i feel far too ill to go to work :(
waaaaah! :s how am i suppose to lose weight? :( but it's yummy. don't judge by its look haha
looks like hers came from some dude named shootdog or something like that. it was awful. didn't know ya'll get heat like that. :-(
so its rainin n im hm alone.....<~ me too this sucks<~no cuddlin fa us : (
ronnie :( babe i miss you already
unnie! dj dphilippinesckp durang ukiss "lesbians" :( :( :( that was really made me mad. tau dh kau?
ayook,qta cepet" jalan...gw udah mumet banget di rumah nih! :(
you guys do realize i can read the tweets between you? you should try dm's to chat about me... :( (cont)
is unhappy with kxip. :(
it may not be the best day to start a new relationship... more for gemini (bubble burster! :( )
i don't feel well :( for you : nkmo pretend kau tak suke okeh?
i knw i super late, but im at wrk...#dcstar :(
help me find aaron rose's serena portraits from gossip girl please :(
yea we kan have u having anotha bad day then u goin to be mad :(
my sleeping pattern is totally messed up :( i think my body is used to getting a maximum of 5 hours sleep. i slept at 1am and by 4 i was up
screw youuuuu. my hand got burned okay :(
oh my god i want to go back to bed. pleeeease let me go back to bed :(
hey sweetie can you follow back? my twitter game sucks right now :-(
wants to say "hi!" to everyone... she misses plurk, twitter, chasters & especially no wifi work.. :(
wah! really ah! why nv c you :( actually went thr awhile only :/
i rather be in ny than here :(
actually i really envy her :(
:( so disappointed.
i wish i owned slr :(
worked as usual. gotta work at 9:30a.m. tomorrow :(
my broken laptop speakers deprive me of my right to aural ecstasy. :( *searches for iphone*
eating at kovan w kel now . wanted to ask cheng out but she sleeping :(
no you're not... :(
:( now my mood mess up me w. out my fone ima go crazy
what has succeeded in making my abs so sore? crunches you might ask? not at all. the seemingly incessant hacking induced by my chest cold :(
at home. feeeeling lonley :(
weekend banking.. so crowded! :(
i miss my light light brown hair now :(
awww i really wanna go to ur club it sounds like a lotta fun! but i live in mn :(
oooh no it`s the part where they kill the women * covers eyes * :( < tak it lik a man! lol
are hard to get for the matches in chennai. could you get me some? only those who know ppl from tnca get tickets :(
why did you snatch my glenn away? :(
~please follow me again,went to add you..you canceled the follow? :(
die cv's die!!! u dumb,heartless ppl r going to hurt my armaan now,i know it! :( screw you!!! marr jaao sab ke sab =(
no ranch!!!! how can i eat these damn curly fries w out ranch!!! omg :( lmao
soswit loh si jeremy :'( sedih duls! :( ngss?!rt iyaa (cont)
damnit. i left my bear at school :(
me & t shouldn't have had all those cokes at dinner. almost 3:30 & we're wide awake. catching our plane at 10 :(
i think i was taught how to make them once. i can't remember at all. :(
kt....i lost the book where i wrote one less lonely taco and all my other songs :(
wahh,,sakit hati dah :(
what are you doing up this early on a sat? lol. what's happened with what? lol. sorry to hear about the car! :(
im italian and u don't read my tweets!!! :(
1 unfollower :( have a great life without my tweets!
