awake eating cheese munchies and watching rob&big :( ugh my social life sux
is so annoyed that the live-f1 timing app for ubuntu is failing :(
because when there are premieres an stuff i have to get up in the middle of the night to watch it. nope, he doesn't have one :(
3 hours :( dammit! if i had taken a look on my twitter when i got up i could have chatted w/ miiiike -.-
last night was great, bar one incident! :-( hope she's ok!! :-s
i want more followers, i have only 98 :(
good morning na wa o, no one can even say good mornin :( good mornin evry 1
(k.o.d) i miss her like shaq misses free throws :(
eh, made me feel kinda bad. hopefully i don't get called a giant :(
i hate being in situations like this. get me out of here :-(
di na ngrereply sakin c lucia :( looks like her haters pushed her to be "ilag" sa fans :/
jusss gott thaa showerr :(
ihss da most frezzin
yey! but we cant have one yet!! :(
why won't it let me retweet some peoples things ?? :(
im now fairly sure that the 3 fistfuls of no-butter, no-salt popcorn i had earlier had some measure of butter in it. pretty sick now :( #fb
awww shit, mando diao's concert's been cancelled :( one of them is ill, hope he recovers soon!
biasanya klo yg ce malah baik pdhal yg cwe mel :( yg ce apa yg co din? sengsara yaa
saya baby sister :(
it has gone on virginmedia as well :(
i was awake then, causei couldnt sleep :(
lazy night in because i've got no ride out. fairly shattered, haha. :(
aww :( well im serposed to be going so if i meet him i'll send me love from u to him loool x
really annoys me when men speak arabic to me & i only understand half of wtf theyre saying :(
yes, i'm awake. i can't sleep :(
and now have to do one of my last shifts at work :( with a massive hangover.
aww are they? :o i won't be seeing them either :( wish i could have though! :(
iyaaa dishhh huu capek skaliiii akuuuu :( pasti abis fitness ya ri? 500 cal min per day
hey now...tweetcrawling isn't lame :-( (says the founder of we have tons of fun! <3
her father got sick so she won't come :( nothing big but not coming. i don't know if it's just for now or not coming at all but
congested and can't fall asleep. i can see that work/tomorrow is going to be full of fail. :(
i can't stand this anymore, i needa' drink some milk seriously :(
need to keep myself busy so i dont think about bad things that couldve happened :(
i miss him sooooooo muchhhh :(
the popcorn place was closed :( i went to get some
morning guyss! they should have better tv on in the morning! :(
im in alot of pain and nothing is being done about it. please help me :( f-18yrs old?
do the work! ao... and u wont be bored... kana the work le yone e a a go bora... no, it cant be- waiting 2 work bosigo! :-(
dam i am so mad im waiting for the 3g ipad :(
agreed. :( my cheek is busted open and i have a black eye.. and were all still burning from that pepper spray. it hurts so bad.
broke my heart 2 c yr posts from earlier. :( xoxoxo i kno how it feels. a great song: "a better son/daughter" by rilo kiley.
my fucking brother is watching the tv and i can't watch justin on mtv :( fuck u
i feel sleepy but i cant just close my eyes and dream :(
what should i try?? counting sheeps. done. stop thinking. already tried to. :(
cool-forsure...and myself: good too. just sore as fu*"k.kkkk. :( so tell me about you
600th tweet and still, no one wanted to do goal for goal with me, i hope my angel friend's awake for me. <3 g4g anyone? :(
liar!!!!! don't take back your words!!!! shox hearttbr0kenn euus kn0ws. :(
dad's burning incense around the whole house. god, i can't breathe properly! :(
its raining! i hate going out when its raining, its cold and wet ugh! now i have no idea what ill wear :(
i dnt gt ch0colate ths year :( .. jt m0ney :)
damnit two people gave me llama and i closed my meesages before the activity page loaded... now i can't return the favour :(
got headache by watchin paiya film yesterday :(
yet again my predictions look ruined. my blind mclaren fanaticisim is hurting my chances of winning :(
idiots should have gone out straight away!!! schumis doing well now :( booooo
:( lol then you called her something different before and was like "see how it feels!" lol
a mistake made in the past and repeated again today. :-(
awww what dream hun? :( x
pkl dmana lo, menk?? hhuufhh, lg pkl gini battere bebe gw lowbatt :(
poor dani has the worst bug bites ever. :(
lol haha i was curious cause its a sat night so how can you not be out. yes im in camp :(
ahh.. there is a mistake, there is no at star golden bell challenge.. mianhe.. :(
