viendo keepin up with the kardashians, aun sin poder dormir :(
"you won't make it out alive, you won't make it out alive! you won't make it out alive! you won't make it out alive!" ..who are you.. :(
please armin , not now :( #asot #asot450
ryeowook takut anjing ??!!! yess !! toss !! tapi donghae suka anjing gimana dong :( .. tp gw kyk ryeowook !! (cont)
we leaving :-(
watch my new pokemon rant series videos :(
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pmnii57go0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdyvbqvqo80
hihii mksh syg :) yes ini baru cewe baik hati ihh ksian dy na :(
i don't wanna leave :( tonight we're heading for purikura, karaoke and night life! leaving for narita early tomorrow. bleeeh
ready for bed but they won't let me!! :(
awww , there's something wrong , hmmmm . :(
if sumthing does i jusz wanna say ily lmaort takin a cab from queens to l.i pray nothing happens to me :(
that's more than enough for me <3 he followed 20 people, i thought i was one of them :( lol
do blipping, i missed one hour nakalimutan ko ang oras, i won't make it, sayang :( "turn to do wha... ♫
dressed up in dpm, it feels wrong. i miss my flecktarn. :(
big girls shouldn't stay up late, we get extra hungry. :( can't wait for breakfast.
i think i lost my thumbring for good this time :(
i miss my guitar. :(
hookah tonight was a fun time. lol bitches makin out outsidee, then people walking in at 3 like 2 minutes before mohammed closes. :(
hey blair.i love that u reply my tweets and all.lol.but ur not following me.:( lol..and i'm in desperate need of followers :(
i want to go to the arctic monkeys concert tomorrow :( but i have no money and no one to go with!
ill do te shoutouts 2marro :) cause im in painnn haha jking butt i hfta wake up which i hate :(
if you miss delena :(
my phone totally died on me! :( should have charge my phone before i leave the house!
tomorrow's fête is postponed until further notice. apologies to those who've rsvp'd. & i will make it up to you. :(
why do i always do good things? yet i get nothing in return :(
pengen nangiiiis. hampir semua orang nyindir gw yg make baju warna ungu bareng c what a stupid coincidence!! :(
i wish i was with my boo right now :(
one down some more to go. finally got pll out of the picture :) now pbist :(
i am upset!!! :( i need some chicken katsu!
yo dont unfollow me please :( i lost 7 followers
i haven't been home for so long that my plant is dying :-(
you know. gw mau loe dateng ke rumah gw dong. plissssss. senen yah :* *begging i miss you :(
yep, good spirits. still waiting for more video statements for our pride campaign. some don´t even say they won´t :-(
me + my friends waited outside the odyssey for hours to get to see yous and only edward came out + he didnt sign my ipod :( x
spending easter weekend in the doghouse by the looks of it :-(
only 3.5hrs tonight :-( sad day.
hi i good! up early 2day! fell asleep missed back rub! :-(
facebook and weplay. today im getting busy we're going to drive scooter like in 6 hours :(
that nightmare still scares me :(
:( why do you feel that way?? and why are you telling yourself to grow up?
ugh, think i may have to call in sick boss :-(
i don't care if they have holes in them. these are the best sheets in the world and i don't want to part with them. :-(
please armin , not now :( #asot #asot450
hey guys.such a beautiful morning.i wish i could go down to the beach (coz they open 2day).i don't have any1 goin' with me :(
gosh just want to let this sadness go but how can if i don't have my ipod to distract myself :(
ohhh there was this chick at the markets today and she had shaved her beard, you could see the hair growing back :( i was scared
yaaah #belitha sama #yoga udah pulang . sepi deh rumah :(
crap, don't want to get out of bed :(
why isnt anyone talking to me ? :(
i feel like a shadow....walking behind who you think i am :(
iy huhu :( rusak jare followed, ngapa bikin lagi?
this person coming looking at the loft 9-1 :(
ohh okay.. i can't find them :( and i'm lazy.. grey's are easy to find! lollll yes it was!
my facebook wont load :(
i wish i could tape space jam :( why do i have things that need doing, dammit.
i don't even fuckinq no whaa happened &my tooth chipppedd :( like wtf .
you suck kim.. they're really nice :( ahh i'm doing it now.. it's so hard and tough.. too much to do!
#formel1 verpasst so ein shice morgen :(
damn is cheatin on me on my timeline :(
i wish my dream from thee other day would just come true :( reeyt want it to come true i still remember every detail :(
i'm sorry! :( i'll get you an autograph and a million sexy pictures! ;)
: pengen nngs pas dy sumpah" dpn guaa ! :(
it always makes me cringe when i hear parents say how they can't wait for their kids to go back to school. it's sad. :-(
let me know what you think. i hope you get to see all 4 parts. its 1 hr later here :( you will help the video's popularity
ash! como no pelas mis tweets!! :(
i kno right real mean :( some people are like dhat towards me
