yes. now time to go back sg :(
notice me :( but even that i love her and she is a inspiration to me
he burned. awh :(
awrr :( we get a variety, it depends what language you take at school. my mates going over to japan + i wanna go to france (: x
i feel kind of lonerfied :(
maybe later? cause its drizzling! :(
aww. :( i'll wear mine for me and you! ;) c u soon! x
don't ya feel like u know so well like he's your brother but he doesn't even know u exsist? yup that's me :(
drinking myself to sleep is pretty hard but i'm there... :( leave me shit:
i want to fall asleep and wake up next year, this is to much pain for me :(
q:oh well i have a crush on you on the low but i cant show it smh :( ... a:why cnt yu show it?
gox is my dream : ( haha
movie going off....guess i'll try this thing called sleep now....nite tweets :-(
demam :( sakit apa lu ? sakit, bu :( darimana saja kmu nak ? i'm hereee!!
:( smhh boo;lol :(
siii lindo :( hows ur lovelife ?
cramps are hell killing me. :(
"i'm gabe saporta...i'm the biggest dummy ever!" xd. i miss cobra starship. :(
aw i'm getting my hair cut at 10 so i won't make it in time :-( i secretly wanted to see that lol! excited for tonight?! x
i don't even fuckinq no whaa happened &my tooth chipppedd :( like wtf <- niggas knocked you out
social liberalism?!?!?! what the fuck? do they think we're that stupid?!...................i guess they really do :(
my leg is still fucked from octo curse yu vodka and bouncy castles :(
:(
ciaaa bls my last tweet! :(
bocennn...hhu..lbh expresif kmar kos kyany :(
sun where you are? rain here... :-(
lol yes i love it! i've bern watching it for years! vic was trying to buy me the seasons for vday but it was on backorder :(
going to the trafford centre today. might cry when i go into hollister cos it'll remind me of home (florida) :(
i have to put my eyes drops, wallah am sick of them 3 weeks now :(
we're playing jungle your loss :(
cont... and we need at least 3 hours of traveling time. so we wouldn't hardly make it even if we go when they said yes. :(
back to work. i hate rude customers! uggg feel like like just cusing them out! :(
missing plenty of things today! first in the list, my #teddy cuddle, 2nd, dcity& #myfriends, last but surely not the least, #melason!!!! :(
am i gonna see you tomorrow??? ;) rooftop weho yaaahhh!!! <~ fa sho! wouldn't miss it ! i mite be solo tho! :(
ah dmna kosannya ogut kagak tau, nginep tmpat lo mau deh :( emng si jomblo nditho? taik abis dah -.-
still need an aim buddy :( till i fall asleep
clinose ko account na yun. changed my password too. sana di virus. :(
eugh fkn horses neighing woke me up. had s horrible nightmare last night that died :( woke up sweating was horrible
ithink k|o on mee ;now iqotta watch teevee alonee :(
"i'm gabe saporta...i'm the biggest dummy ever!" xd. i miss cobra starship. :(
fucking bummed the fuck out! :(
#5 burly. :(
sama suamikuu :( woaaa hiiks .. iya alhamdulilah uda beres ☺ hehe lg apa bro ?rt (cont)
#whatsworsethan not being able to get comfortable in your own bed ? :(
we waiting for eat after u at ari villa :(
we are ready to go to work :(
love you tom :)x i feel so unhappy :(
possible chest infection. best to get it checked as he will insist on smoking :( seeing gp at new local polyclinic.
gotcha ya grrrrrr back u lol well find u something and then get me somethin plz :(
so for the hundredth time this year ive said bye to another person... sucks :(
i was looking for it too. :( they removed it na ata sa yt. -_- bv -_____-
want coffee... :(
really dont know. ppl are tired of voting i guess. very hard to get them voting and keep them voting. :( we do, right?!
i hate deleting shows in my laptop for the sake of saving photos :(
i know, i went kick hhh in the head yesterday but missed & hit justin :(
ya ampuuun, aku salah reply! :( ngidam dr kmrn.. :( upah tutup mulut?? *licik*
it sucked! all work no play! should have come 2 detroit instead! haha. i gotta catch a game! looks like next season :-(
lol :( reeesy
yeah that's what i thought.. and mom's crazy lol..there are going to be 2 many kids over here 2morrow :( well today
i couldn't come tonite , :( imma tell u about it in the am . i sowwy shay
i try to tell the truth.. marah kenapa? rt: dianya marah :( great hahaha
minggu ja? ya elu ikt aja kita paling ber5 ajart itut :( bsk ya sekbil
i just woke up and now wondering should i decide to continue the shootin or not? :(
