babys are sooooo much work :(
ouch! u never mention philippines :(
i miss :( why are u not with me second hand smoking?! ughhh
when will i see your face again? :(
don't want to leave taipei yet :( only 24 hours left
no :( my real dad won custody so i'm still here!
damn, it was nice seeing u today... im gonna miss u "mickey"! :( keep ur head up loko!
i see. too bad u cant barhop :-(
and btw thank goodness they won, because the celtics stink :(
man... i'm so torn on whether or not i should have pre-ordered an ipad... :(
scrappy is in the hospital again. the vet thinks she has cancer. i've been pulling so hard for her survival, but it's not looking good :(
forgot about australia :(
.. tonight i'm taking off. i saw and hugged her. good enough before hawaii. i just want everything back the way it was. :(
lol im drunkkk bby :( lol my eyessss ahhh theyhurt
hahahaaa...ati2 mobilmu ditimpuk bonek. waduh...bnr jg :( mau kluar rumah jadi waswas. mobil plat b, hr ini pe
well i'm not in the states so i can't tell u :( but i'd imagine it would drain the batteries
watching seungri's strong baby again. oh my heart. :(
video: this made me sad :(
wat a day....took some nyquil so bout 2 str8 pass out. 2moro back 2 the speech and then wrk at 6 :( oh well sunday is easter yay! g'nite
i have justin's msn, but he's never on. i dont think it's him. :(
really need somebody to #talk to while im at work :-( cuz im chillin watchin da 40 year old virgin
morning all, #ndevon is dry at the moment, but rain is forecast! :-(
please tell me if mr bunbun is better, ive been praying for him :(
i wish i wass there :-(
:( i don't want shower water...what if theres mold?!!!....
*hugs* he's just an innocent cute little boy to me thats why i dont get why he's so hated :( lol but its ok
ok im finna write twitter aint doin shit but making me bored. no one know how 2 speak :(
strip clubs got me sad.how come i can't even get the freaky white girls that go there n get naked and are cute :-(
me too, i have all their cd's, it's just... all these really sad fanvids have been made for their songs! i'm so sad right now. :(
awwww i am, but i cant really :( i just got yelled at for not being able to drive b/c i drank
wants more followeers :(
i'm so about to get that! so no hashbrowns? :(
morning!the sun was shining but now it isn't anymore :(
hp ku rusak bee... huhuhu :( mau sms apa lo? gue sms ya pi?nomr lo yang mana yg aktif?hahahaha
yesh! twitter name changed. sorry :(
you forgotten about singapore :(
missing my baby :( i don't want him to be mad anymore! uugh -- cuffy
very bored & can't sleep :(
ok .....everyone pray for me im about to attempt to walk up stairs.....if i fall you know who to blame :-(
abeeeeeeeel i mis ya too :( gue pulang senin hun. awww im fuckin miss ya it's like im gonna hugging u :)..
what u mean :(
photo: (via thelovelybones) so annoyed that i can’t find my sunnies :(
yah widyanya tidur :(
got some poutine & general tao chicken hurr, want some? <--- donald that is sooo mean! i want poutine!! :(
on second thought my bf is lookn at me funny....maybe i shouldn't :(
khlajkshfkas its cold and i am bored :(
do you ever notice singaporean fans. no celebrity ever does. :(
i can't contact my mom. i miss her. :(
dunno why i'm so tired :( slept for hours.
"sydney is la. melbourne is new york." i wanna go back to nyc! :(
i knew it :-( but cant it be released on dvd at least?
you're sick? :( aww, i hope u get better. :)
luckyass. ive never had a dog :(
probably but i'm not smart enough to figure it out!!!!!! :(
i want to watch 's videos right now but they all make me laugh and i can't wake up the family. that's a giant bummer :(
i wanted to go but couldn't find anyone to go with so i miss out too :(
yeah when naruto learned jiraiya died was so sad :(
oh hell yeah!! atleast for vegas cuz no cruise for me :( i'm also excited for disneyland in the 24th. wooo for day!
i want my parcel :(
i miss my life from 6months ago :(
u shud see.. hrs ksana dek! sore2 aja gpp. baguuuss bgt!! hujan!! gajadi ke papuma deh :(
haven't watched a decent movie for a long time. what happened to {bolly/holly}wood?? or am i not updated anymore. last i saw was mnik :-(
find a feed? i'm still lookin' for it & i'm starting to get the shakes lol :(
didn't want to come, just didn't recognise where that photo was taken. have to do grocery shopping anyway. :(
nah i had to cancel my flight & stay here :(
are you still here? how do you do it that your parents dont wanna almost lock you up b/c you have "virtual" friends? :(
ouch! u never mention philippines :(
o: i feel for you man, my front tooth was chipped out a few years back :( hope u feel better soon <3
aaa totally bored :(
do you love all your fans ? :) and can you please follow me!? :) :(
iya g pernah dbls twit ku :(
my "books to read" list keeps getting longer, while my "books read" one has been stuck for like 6 months :(
i'm not ready for school. :(
-follese-
i think i might actually go to bed soon. i don't think i can stay up for too much longer. :(
nntn clash of the titans ya? :( puri w/ moses, aquino,
