ngeledek :( putih semua tau si ria putih yee hello saturday w/
is really sad at not getting to access my twitter as often as i would like to these days.. :(
sigh, it's okay then. transaction would be hard for me, being only 15. i'd definitely buy if it were the m&g pass though. :(
at work, 6 1/2 hours left :(
on the way to heaven :(
hahaha i also not black what!! :( and i will remind you to do! fakeeeeeeeeeeee~
a segway (my current dream of sweaty nihgts, although x2 is preferred) for 1.450€??? i doubt it :-(
not sure i like the sounds coming from my raid again. click click click :(
f#*k! can't concentrate on working out. both my ears are feeling like it is breathing. :(
how can the jonas brothers be above in the trending topics :( its just not right
me too; my toes are all cold like icecubes :(
oh man i went past my 3000th tweet by 51 :(
ladies answer o am i missed??? :(
i can tell that next week's episode of degrassi is going to anger me. why kc, why!? don't cheat on clare with jenna! :(
i'm very sorry to all my followers for the bad things i said! :( i hope you guys can forgive me! :)
today's the day. no fair the yanks get the ipad first :-(
damn its todai :( will is going to spain for 2 weeks :( nooooooooooo
ohhh , in france we miss you now ! :( come back soon !
im so bored :( baby talk talk to me ... =)
he's watchin wgm while im lying here :( doin nth blah.
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight.-- :-/ (via :(
last night in hawaii :(
you win :( haha
working on fixing my g1's accelerometer. tried all tricks in the book, :-( still not working...hope it is not a hardware issue.
bummed. :( bed time. peace.
i hope dli pud ...daghan na nag coming out r ba :-( i hope this is not true
stuffy nose & sore throat, i hate being sick :(
just wish i didnt have to work i just wanna lay in bed all day w the twins :(
gaaah! it seems so interesting. now i'm wishing my blog was still alive. :(
awwwwwwwww loreletti is in jail :(
:( thats all i got to put.*ilovetaylor
yes! that sucks too!!! because it has to be 'scholarly' haha! :( xxxxx
empty bookcase looks sad :(
ah twitter nya gembel nih over capacity teruus :(
q:not my tree. it was down the street from my house.... a:awww im sorry rob! that does suck :(
pengen ntn crush of the titanss :(
i would if i had a computer & not workin :( i'm in the lpu chat once again…come say hi if you're down w/ the lpu.
flu , flu go away, come again another day, nimmy wants to play some games :(
didn't want to leave either. :(
oooo erm maybe some nice shower stuff? im running out :( xxx cant wait to see you on tues! xxx
you leave me :( kacang -,-
oh my godness. i miss you like crazy ma'dear. where the heck have you been?! :( ♥
not feeling so good.. hoped for a long lie but no you always get someone who has to phone with some sort of drama at 9am :(
please follow me pease :(
i cant sleep now :(
i moved from country vic to melbs not long ago, i never see my highschool friends anymore :(
morning hun, aww thats not good :( is mr mcdaid playing today? ;)
just got off skype with my lil sis miss her :(
missing that person than make alll this go away :(
i'm a mate you didn't contact me! :(
umm...its a bad thought :( and i dont never ever wanna that happen
if you found happiness with another girl yeah hmm me too :(
:( x10!! i was even on jeremy's list of forum members, but he never let me know. i hoped you would sign my s4c shirt; make rob proud
watching shadow of the shark on sky3, so sad :-(
awwww. :( i wish i could get rid of it for you.
hooh sold out t_t tiket ludess :( pngn bgt nnton pitbull .. :(
yea, you've got a point there. i don't want to waste my time about them anymore. hay, got a problem with our computer. :(
thank god. i couldnt sleep because i was really worried about her :(
dhakay to brishty ashar naam e nei.. :-( :-( :-(
ahah i know, yeah but no pic sadly was too madddd :(
ah don't really wanna be up this early but can't get back to sleep! :( so think i will just get up! lol
awwww thats too bad :( weekends? maybe u can join us in bali only..then fly back to kl.
i need my baby so i could go to sleep holding him :(
the #celtics lost :(
what is this. i ended up reading about the native americans from us. i'm too good at sidetracking :(
me tooo :-(
salah ketik xd blm semua huhu banyak bgt :( ini aja kepenuhan wkwk hah?amsukin?xd wkwk.. ud smw yank? ak ud mp junction syg..
little kids have the best clothes. i was going to get a spiderman hoodie from the little kids section, but i didn't have any money :(
... no idea what to do today, and i have a sore throat, bad times :(
hormones talkin to me..:) :) :) :( :( :( :: lmao
can't sleep. :( i'd make a witty joke but i'm ironically too tired... still can't sleep though.
hate you :(
