it looks cold outside :( i thought it was finally getting like summer :( it was so nice and warm yesterday :(
i mean u said he was a cutie so yes!!!!!!!!!!<-- :-(
meazyva oh im just a nyquil nigga for everything :( my roommates took all my nyquil, that was my 2nd option. sleepy time now gn
gile sneng bnr yee. hahahart haha gw sangat gendutan :(
gonna stay home all day :(
exactlyy!!! :( im surrounded by tons of smart peoplee in my chem and bio class d: sucks so badly!!
the friend i saw years and years ago i miss him and now he's got me worried :(
i don't kno.i worried about my bf.he is taurian! :( wih,sex maniac tuh parahh! #zodiacfact
i know seriously, i want it to be here already :( haha
hahaha xd yaaahhh hiks hiksss :( gw sih bisa, tp sayangnya ad ngko gw, mana mao dynya heehe
i don't know either. you didn't tweet anything offensive or anything! i'm sorry. :(
sim but i've to take the stupid foundation studies :( you?
:( aww its okay *kisses ur cheek*
agree. really could use your hptb sobering up charm right now xd i'm so fucking tired :( 4h of sleep waaaaaay to little!
rt: s l e e p . . . . [alone] :( // that didnt have tobe the case, you didnt hit me back though. (=. all your fault. haha
please, hujannya berenti dong >< biar bisa liat #alvinjonathan duet ama #mariostevano! huhuhuu :(
i have a bunch of pikachu now so will be breeding a pichu :( anything else on offer? :)
it is considerably harder to fall asleep w.o my gf at my side. hallo, insomnia/5am..we meet again :(
i've never eaten beef before througout my whole life but had to chow down a whole beef burger today because i wrongly ordered :(
one friendly tip: do not drink dr.pepper at night coz it will wake you up like a mofo the whole damn night. :(
i want to. but on may we have exam :( so my parents ga kasih :( u gonna watch pitbull?
yeah you told me. a little. it made me teary eyed.for me it was soo hard because of my stupid parents that had to divorce :(
awwwwwwwww because of my flu my sense of taste's slightly affected, the chicken soup tastes really diluted. :(
awwwww #jonasbrothers was number 1 tt and i was asleep :( !!!!!!
awwwww #jonasbrothers was number 1 tt and i was asleep :( !!!!!!
why hasnt the fever died off yet :(
:(
you would go there :(
goodnite tweets. gotta get right back up to do hair. ugh... :(
i dont regret having to sacrifice my weekends so that i can be closer to my goals.. its when it costs me my friends that sucks the most. :(
...so i took the remote out my drawer and put the light off. but how did it get on in the first place?! :s :( i'm so freaked out.
my zingled froze :( follow me bak plz
devooo that i live in adelaide so i cant :( lol
shiiit , well goodnight twitter finna hit thee pillow (: sad ididnt talk to him tonite :( heartbroken</3
4am & i'm wide awake with a belly ache. made a rhyme that time. don't really care as long as this belly ache is there. :-(
what's wrong with hae's neck? :(
in tears 'cuz i'm watching the passion of christ.. poor christ! :(
after seeing remember me :) i feel like i've lost somebody close to me and i feel tramatised :( and i don't even knoe rp/ tyler hopkins
aww.. i missed slumdog millionaire again.. :(
no no one is. they only helped me with makin it more famous. but if u dont want it anymore.. then ok.. :(
just rinsed the buffet breakfast. need water. don't want to go home. :-(
i slipped on the mud and had to change jeans...my sister then told my dad. looks like a weekend of p*ss taking and bullying :(
i wish i were going :(
the pagerank of has falled to 1 from 2! :( need to blog blog blog harder!
happy saturday everyone, thanks for the #ff <3 i was stuck a international football tournament yesterday :(
i really wanna change my pic but everytime i go to save it it shuts down my app wtf :(
cameras not allowed :-( (@ boac museum)
i miss you(s) guys :(
where are you?what are you doing? :(
i'm going to dieppe all weekend to encourage friends who are a competition gym ! i can not do it because, i've hurt myself ! :(
i miss you bibi. :(
gettin in the car__bring me some food!! :(
yah bentar lg gw kudu cabut ke greja.. icil'a cepetan doong... :( mu liad alvin...
sooo home safe :) had fun with the boys and girls in grieve for tomorrow :) lovehatehero diemt play :( samuel estates
drinking coffee and playing on-line scrabble. rest of house still asleep, been awake since five, body clock still on work time :-(
good luck with everything, :(
crazy, depressing and tummy-squeezing day :( now really have to set my priorities straight!
but my mam won't take me cuzz i'm ill :(
soory sweets, ths kid is hogging the remote. watchng rugby... :-( ncese_ey that sucks_
can't sleep to much in my mind!!! :(
cannot sleep :( ....
so tired, got a migraine and feeels sick :( xxx
why's hate meee :(
otw to plaza ex,thamrin (°⌣°) klo mah tepar,sakit,hiks :( pd kemana nie ?
i knooooow :( i need 1t.. kaso disaksak na sya sa electricity.. i need usb lang.. shall buy soon! huhu
this is probably gonna be my last volleyballmatch ever :(
same her :(
finneeeeeeee so my mum cudnt hold me in to become a sag..i dropped out nov 1st... happy now :(
just woke up from a bad dream :(
the crazy guy from green mile was in my back yard and looked so disgusting. omg now i remember why i...
awwwww #jonasbrothers was number 1 tt and i was asleep :( !!!!!!
haha ! you're lucky ! i only discovered music when i was 6 :( .. but i'm proud that it was with green day :)
i miss both of you! friend deprived. :( but i'm on a boat!!! to greece!! :)
is nt sleepy n has no1 to talk 2 :-(
yeah but even if i wanted to go, i would have had no one to go with :(
i will try :(
i feel weird without a phone :(
welcome shidah ^^, shid, kirimkan salam arah si fatin ah. i miss her :(
why am i up this early fow?? need to go buy more dye don't know what colour tho :(
:( he did a good enough time to be in q2 but beached it so can't compete :(
awwwww #jonasbrothers was number 1 tt and i was asleep :( !!!!!!
rags almost called the ambulence for fear of my rapidly beating heart. i was put into recovery position and not allowed to close my eyes :(
that sucks :(
this is out of the norm, please don't let this flow, i can't and i should not fall in love with him, because...... :(
#deathnote yaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh, cma ampe vol 12 :(
ini twitter baru aku, yg lama gg bisa buka :( buat twitter bru ? yaa ampyun yg mana ?
my grocerys :(
rite...g2g now :(
this is the 1st time i watched ipl matches and supported dc. but they are losing miserably in the last 3 games i watched :(
aduh dinda sakit campak. kasian my princess. :(
*sigh*..home alone again :( and i couldn't be happier!!!!! wooo!!
why have i not been in the best of mood... :(
it was a very bad session > no sh*t sherlock!!!!! ai ai ai i feel your pain :( at least no awful accidents!
soo exhaustedd, missing someone... :(
red wine is not my friend right now! considering i have a client 8 am :(
a messy saga if ever i saw one! only 13 hours left of creme egg season! :(
up too early, its going to be a long day :(
maybe i should've let him know ahead of time but now he knows & i'm relieved yet again...crushed? :( hmm
mine too :(
:( butuh lo banget demi ish
dad is upset :(
:( why i'm i working looks like a great quali happening in malaysia #f1
it just wasn't that good to me. i expected more from the movie :-(
it doesn't! i tried a cheering charm on my cat but she tried to bite me! :( not good...
it's up to you,i just need a place to sleep. this stupid bug is killing me... :(
400 people lgiii city gw sad ! :(
duplicate , bhagavan okke alle aa superhit blockbusters enn udeshichath >> not a specific one :(
hah oh yeah! awwh :(
youtube sucks now :(
caught this one, but original's down :(
sssr=sore-sore santay renang otw renang with i hate this semi bikini swimsuit. but i have no other :(
she also follow ppls without jasmine or villegas name and also without her photo :(
lazy saturday.oh my am becoming more&more obese evry day.waitin my mom to come home while ate my sister's b'day cake. hungry all the time :(
they're not listening :( hahaha
i can't sleep it's so early in the morning. :( oh well off today going back to london :-).
final score 11 0 worst game ever and to make it worst it was pelting down rain im soaked :(
so, how did you meet christian beadles? its ok if you dont answer. you probably wont even read this. :(
and i have no issue with you being libertarian; i lean that way; but at present they don't have a viable candidate 2 challenge :(
unfortunately so :( fingers crossed we have a wet winter....
