i want an iphone... badly... :(
i wanna go see them now :(
awww. if only. :\ it's like el nino over here. the heat is really on and it is being hated by many. :(
i miss you :(
uhuhuhu :(rt gue bosen.tapi bt tb2 gitu iya bosen dan lg kesel :( lo knp dev?rt (cont)
aq x bole bukak doe ! formspring smalam bole , ari ni x bole ! :(
no idea, just sad. knp sya?rt :(
:( :( :( can someone please take me out of my misery? :( :( :( :( :(
i'm just jealous, no daffodils here in dubai :-( happy easter!!
i have insomnia!!!!! :(
yeah i guess, takde rezeki. lets do our own f1 lah --> phew! kalau tak sure hubster neglects luqman n i during weekend :-(
dianya marah :( great hahaha rt: ok, i have no feelings to jacob! salam ya ke edward
i would love to retweet your tweets but yo shit is blocked lol u suck!! :( lmao
lose followers is stupid! :( how are u?are you a good friend from :))
oh god, i've been getting that vibe :(
what jiayi told me made me so disappointed. :(
i actually *did* watch he's just not that into you tonight. and now i'm really sad. :(
spirit is utter shit. poor frank miller :( love sin city and jessica alba is damn sexy in it...
i havent seen saturday morning cartoons since.. 2006. life just hasnt been the same. smh. :(
aw so : ( come back soon x
awww shucks lol yuh must of not been thinkn about me :( kus yuh sure didn't hit me up
i dont know hard to explain :(
sleeeepy and have to wake up early tomorrow for the dentist :( i hate seeing my dentist! going to beddd :)
nobody wants to do g4g. :(
i hope your ears are doing better :(
gk ngajak2 yaaa!! :( citarik ihhh dimana ituu?? this is the (cont)
:( i need the undiscrible love from you ! the old you !
where is everybody at this am :( :( ? i see but no or . .. someone call the fbi !!!!!
i've been to almost every state in the u.s. and ain't never been to the u.p. (upper peninsula) n michigan :(
haha i know :( ! yeah buddy those were our prime days.. we getting old now lol
yeah, me too. i wish paula was still on there. :(
へんたい？...no！great britain is a land of gentlemen. :(
trying out tweego now, i wish i could figure out how to change the settings :(
:( sometimes a girl isn't enough...i need a big tall man to help me sleep better...i miss the comfort of spooning
ok if i fart one more time ... dang ... my tummy hurts : (
awww, i miss you too jst spoke 2 my daddy! :-) i miss him sooo mch. :-( #worldsbestdad.
www.formspring.me/fatimaharib ask me anything plllllllz :(
:( i havent spoken to u in forever! so yes i miss you!
yes, unfortunately :(
hmm,, mau sih mauu.. tp isma bsok e nton,, bale.. tipislah dompet.. :( jd gmn baekny y?
hp ku rusak bee... huhuhu :( mau sms apa ? gue sms ya pi?nomr lo yang mana yg aktif?hahahaha
haha i don't think i'll go then. last year's wasn't that good either. : (
......bn on mars homes....damn green babes held me down.... :-( hw u bn???
no electricity at home :(
i love you, my brother chris. :(
shit i am sorry :(
my head hurts :(
its about time you noticed singaporean fans. please? :(
says do not pick on me if you are unable to faithful! :-(
jasmine ! ily , follow me please , i beg to youuuu :(
u hurt me really bad this time i keep askin myself y did i ever love u still thinkin wat ima do :(
leavin to ny in 7 hours cant sleep lol
i miss my fellow dongbangshiftees at dsws. :( a lot of them graduated already. i think there's only 2 of us now. d:
i hate the feeling of being replaced. :(
:( it's okayy only tweets me when i fit in his schedule.. haha :]
one things for sure, it's an ungodly hour in the middle of an easter weekend to be getting up for work. :(
yes it's amazing! i'm sad you're not listening :(
you missed thailand :(
but u dont see south africas :(
sorry to hear violence hits home: some clown just shot and killed my neighbor. the kid was only 16 years old. smmfh. :(
hhmmm, april showers :(
you don't see the netherlands :( :(
bud light doesn't like me :(
:( well i've just changed it to a link to your palace :
wht ep?rt hurryup duls! iya :'(((((( sedih kan yg part jeremy? :(
clash of the titans was not as good as i thought it would be!!! so disspointed!!! :(
not feeling well : ( mejor me duermo.
terribly need a haircut + dye :(
i feel like crying. :(
is there anyone who wants me to follow them cause i seem to of lost followers for some reason :(
maybe it's like beauty and the beast :(
off for grocery shopping. supposed to be not much fun today :(
you don't see the netherlands :(
so full from cheesecake factory :(
noooo we don't have vacation :( but we have a long weekend free .!
yes last year.. with my ex =/ but it was still fun! it was amazzzing. i wanna go to the fair. but i dont have a boy :(
nope, just the vegas pre-meditated liar and the 20-year-old girl in the bar with security cameras and cop witnesses. :(
so i was doing guard dogs tonight and face chicken came :) still don't know his name though :(
what a lovely day.......its tipping it down with rain!! :(
my thumbs r really energetic today xd how's the vote? sorry can't vote fm my phone :( re: what's up guys?
no no!!!! please don't do that!!!!kasoan yg liat :( ...rt@tubies: lagi nunggu dimobil diluar hujan (cont)
i hate driving alone at night :(
at 6flags i spent quite an amount trying to win dat guitar...i never did :-(
morning all ! no sun today :( recovering from my 14 yr old having 3 mates sleep over...noisy ! tea and toast plus a little #f1 quali :)
