lucky has tonsillitis. might need sugary if meds don't work :-(
he used to be my friend!! :(
ahahahaha!!!!! damn we dont have sky movies so i canr watch it :( hhaha jk
:( awww. i really hope you're not right about this. doing everything i can to vote anyway.
yes but i haven't produced a track :( i don't think he'll forget a kid with 20 diff colors on his head either lol
i'm looking for this one guy and i hope i'll find him one day :( we haven't met for almost 3years.
yup :( i got 20 dms from unfollowr :(
ugh. :( anyways i'm happy that so many kpop stars have twitter. gives ne reason to still go on here.
miss my soulmate ♥ cepeeeet pulaaaaaang sii :(
first lie in for weeks and i'm awake at 8.30!!!!! noooooooo! :-(
its still like v cloudy and its annoying :(
#peopleshould start resolving global warming. damnn it's really scarry :(
i am awake now :) what should i do to day? i want to go to dancing on ice the tour but i cant :( i want to watch the amazing
ugh... i miss my ex-boyfriend mike!!!....uuhhhh :-(
i agreee :( do you know sh9aar a9lan ? :s why it's being shit??
i had the best dream where me and where dating! but the stupid storm woke me up so i cryed because ill never have him<3 :(
you fooled us all, i was sure it'd be a penis. :( late night snack 3:12 am
that would be like the saddest day ever. :(
my family are beaaaasts how can they just casually leave the trolleys at check in hahahaaha my dad is a mad man imma miss him :-(
uh el
mo cumin soon im gettin all the signs :(
i'm in guam babe i can't :(
mau pulang :(
weekend kemana ,bang ? wahh , iya adek :( gpp kok :) ohe ama siapa ,bang ? maaf td gada pulsa aku
i am not going to lie everybody...but demi's tweets keep getting worse...i really hope she and joe are doing fine! reassure me please! :(
you always say that but always return to workaholic mode as soon as you're back in the office :-(
soooo i guess im a failure! since u won't follow me :( dont worry i still love u!
dropped me on the ground
:(
man my bro went to tha movie with out me :(
dude wtfff its freezing in sydney!!! :(
border line food poisoning :( ... me n my immune system good now though lol how u been?
aww :( well ill help get it trending! #welovesteph
i am going to go broke buying ipad apps :( so many good ones already :)
get some more sleep hunni :( its all that drink but bet was one hell of a night u lucky thing ahahah hope u had fun x
losing my voice :(
well i'm currently in maryland right now :( but i'ma be in cali in 2 months though
off to malacca to visit my sister in pantai hospital-admitted yesterday suspected pneumonia.please pray for her :(
at ihop. waiting on dis food. drunk. tired. hungry.«i hate you :(
having my blackcurrant smoothies at oldtown white coffee wif no more coffee for me today since yesterday i already had my neslo :(
it's raining, bet no going out for me today :( stop raining, please?
fu, upstairs neighbor!!! did you really have to start vacuuming?! i wanted to sleep! :(
had a really awful morning... :( attended cls... and for that mistake i have to do a seminar in cls next week... !!! bad luck :(
spring break went by fast, i dont wanna go back to school :(
we've been having the driver error a lot lately. :(
guess my fun time of talking about you on here is over. :( jk
dang it i hate it when i get hungry after midnight. i'm thinking of food and can't sleep :(
: haven't had time 4 internet in a bit o! is the source now..meanwhile sms me that other site cos loserboi's down :(
hmm...i'm out of food :(
i miss loverboy. this poops! :(
my 14-45mm lens is not working! :(
u know it! jj's right here next to me just kicking away! it's beautiful outside today! but he's sick so we're inside :(
what a good day! minus the jazz loosing :(
at work :( x
i'm gonna give up! i thought you love your finnish jasminators but i don't think anymore like that :(
if you miss delena :(
ooohhhhh i'm wavy babiiii<--way to go cuzzo wish i could join ur wave but i have no surf board :-(
chemistry homework is so hard :(
check fb thread. is not replying though. :(
i left when the music effed up :(
im sorry love i just got home like 30 minutes ago :(
sorrrrry :( twas my immediate reaction. but wow :o do you like animals? cause it really is a tear jerker.
heyy. . anybody there. . .i feel alone. . :-(
we lost today's cricket match.!!! :( we would have won but .......... only a single player cannot make a team win... :(..very disappointed
aww okay i was gonna come see u...i guess ill see u in the summer :( lol
has had literally no sleep and is really unhappy :-( and not just because of the lack of sleep.
just woke up, i really want to be asleep again :(
oh my god my hair!!!!!! :(
miqht not go 2 dha partyy :( buhh dhatsz okk..mah mama beinqq a lil bitchh soo yeaa.. buhh hit mee uppp (:
i haven't watched any other eps... im still on the 4th ep. :( i have a problem with my pc. that's why i'm in from my cell...
