australias tweeting you too but you dont see that :(
#peopleshould always treasure the children they have no matter how they might make you angry b/c some can never have kids. :( be grateful.
nope, adam still says he wants the bells and whistles. :( but look at how people have flailed over the recent acoustic stuff!!!
my mum just said something and i said okay and i dunno what she said. where did she go! :(
i wish i can that. :(
10 away from 2000 :(
damn! i forgot to go to mangga 2 to fix my xbox360 :(
how can it be so sunny yesterday but yet its miserable today :(
why wont he add me?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?! imma be sad.... lmao. but for reals, i will. :(
early morning tomorrow :-(
wouldn't mind work as much if i could still sleep until i wake up without an alarm each morning
i'm too. i miss school too much. :( so not that baliw right now. :(
bluuuh , head hurts :( .
ima miss u too my love : (
ill be backk sooon :(
yeees ! but i live in aaustralia and there no very big here :( <3
enjoy your pedicure and your spring season. we heading into autumn! :(
will never notice me or any of her singapore #jasminators. :(
fireflies are cute. not flies that land on ur food and try to go into ur eye :(
u never mention the philippines. :( pls follow ur filipino fans like me! :((
ko gue pusing!! huaa :(
dats not good : (
pesimis the blues menang mlm ni old trapod :(
awhh, why the sad face? :(
i have a sore tooth :( and screaming children oh school holidays shesh
it is so sad that you never mention philippines. filipinos keep on tweeting on you yet you never notice us :( follow back?
dude wtf!! thats the only id i had!! im so fukkn sadd! :(
i think my body hates me...seriously! why can i not sleep? and it doesn't matter because i will be up by 9. ughhh. :(
it's 3am can't sleep... i was woke up to bs :(
scalded. *ouch :(
cepat sembuh tante get well soon mamii :(
got the mw2 maps and no one to play them with :(
making a new twitter background. i need to photoshop for myself. i'm sorry i'm too stressed out :(
fuck the system, mitch got deported :(
can't stop shaking :( <<< suck it up champ. dry toast plenty of water and tea with lots of sugar. get ur sugar up!
kiss me kiss me say that you'll miss me :(
gah-lee my leg hurts. :(
i wish i went :(
:( what's wrong?
how about malaysia! :(
why can't i post a pic with t4bb? :(
later!:)@droolius: "i'm outty :( <3@ninaross@muzicmajic@amyisimaginary@minkamu@palisadehills@musicwithmsb... ♫
i feel like they are having this large cast reunion for series finale of ugly betty! i can alrdy say its gonna make me cry! :(
doing media law...once again not fun.. :(
thanks :(
look at this face -> :( <-- it looks so sad doesn't it? that's my face when you're not being friendly. *sad face*
i really dont know what to do with my life. . :(
why the fuck my back hurt? i aint even do nuthin :( smh
mike keeps having chats but i keep missing him cause im out :(
drove past ur place yesterday and missed u and max :(
wishes hair would ye on its own. im so freaking tired. :(
:-( i wish i had somethin next to me
i need you papi didn't you see my tweet :(
where is everybody at this am :( :( ? i see but no or . .. someone call the fbi !!!!!
i wish i lived in cali. i live in freaking new mexico :(
i take back my last status. the internet does not have the lyrics to my current favourite song! :(
i have the most adorable cousin, ever! if only he wasn't quiet :(
sorry guys we had tweet limit :(
i miss her :-(
lmao! i know. it's not fair why can't #smallville be nc17 porn? :(
wants some dq !! :(
iya lo sms dong sekalii aje ! besok tapi pasti gamau :( aduh priss niat bgt (cont)
damn. :-( "rockies' jeff francis injured, will miss start of season
aww. :(
easter the mozz :) and omg this place is full of neds and like 3 or 4 kool people :( more like 10 kool people lol
not me :( (some other time maybe)
i wiissshh someone freaking help me on here! smh. :(
jst spoke 2 my daddy! :-) i miss him sooo mch. :-( #worldsbestdad.
theres like two many ppl in the house. i dont likee itttt d: :(
i don't think she cares anymore about who i am :| :) i tell her...she took no notice :(
tooo drunk!!! n forced to stay downtown till the am ...all i wanna do is go home or _________ : (
im up !:) working (n). am no diggin thia workin twice a week times even yhough ave worked 3 times in this week :(
i don't have a ride :( i was supposed to go for my best friend's birthday, but her mom said no to giving us a ride!
noooo don't leave me! lol :( mmk nighty night mister
