...cry. :(
lol i used to tweet him daily, not anymoree tho :(
bah i want the & poem poster, but postage to the uk is lots :( woe is my bank account this month.
ooh maybe after? i miss you jarrod! i was so wasted when i saw you on thurs, i looked for you but you were gone :(
wow, i missed my blackjack :(
feel tired with everything :(
damn you programming course. i never agreed to do maths. that wasn't part of the deal. :(
when i had one done a few yrs ago took 8 weeks. guess it's just a waiting game :(
plese follow me i have been trying for so long :(
i'm gonna miss my english course and all of them :( thx for being my friends .. thx for my lovely teacher ms.dian :) miss u all
could really use a japhi right about now :(
y am i awake :(
gue ketauan.!! :(
hahahha! entahhh! ionno, maybe :( did you install it balik? macam you download kah?
im from boring new york :( haha.
it's such a shame that i'm never going to find a guy like the impossible ones that i like right now. my hometown doesn't have those. :(
sioti leaves tomorrow. :( now i'm feeling gloomy.
whyyyy am i up at 0817 on a saturday? eugh...just want to sleep :(
i'm sooo soooo very very sorry. :( i'll make it up to you, someday... promise. :)
www.index-of-mp3.com selain 4shared biasa download lagu di mana lagi? :(
i'm up!<-yaw havn fun widdout me :(
yes dudes wanna be in it, eww :(
enaaakkk :( udah barusan :) udah nntn? bagus lhooo
ugh! sick to my stomach for 12 hours, now! :( i hope it's better by morning, i have to work!
so annoying :(
he is so sorry , and therefore he misses his puppy sooo much :(
all you can eat sushi, kawawa no rice :( thank god for sashimi...
happy happy,sad sad,happy, sad,i hate you,sad sad,i forgive you,happy,sad,confused pissed sad still love you. stop!!! :(
great, the day has barely begun and my father has already yelled at mé! hes been mad all week, i gues it isnt over yet. :(
you dont know how much it means too me, when you following me :(
gee today i cryed my eye balls out...sad day man hope tomorrow is better... :(
yes, sadly and i will sadly have to do the higher english prelim when i really just wanna go to int2 :( sad sad times </3
everyone left me im home alone all dress up drunk and no place to go :(
:( alright
just woke up sooo tierd and it's rainingg agen here :(
i like ur tweets :) alot of them make me laugh <33 but did you unfollow me? :(
today i said a huge lie!! i said... that i didn't.. love the (#jonasbrothers ;) anymora. :( well that was just because of the
minum dong tan haus :( laperrrr , makann ah
please bgt jangan hujan :( gue mau berenang huhu
ok #drunktweets bring outt my hurt side sleeping it off :( i'm forever praying
it seems a lot of the people i'm following are wondering what happened (technologically) to off the face of twitter? :(
have a stinking cold, surely thats not legal on a bank holiday :(
really? where? radio? gees! i really hate mo! :(
sore head :( keeping an eye on myself because my face feels a little odd (odd-er?)
i'm so afraid that i might lost you :(
aaaa iyas seleeem :( *kabur* kaya gini namanya ngabisngabisin duit!! hargghh ngapain pulang!
wat a tireing day... :(
fuck. i'm jealous vick :(
holiday for two weeks. but i will spend it in bogor :(
i don't like the new yt :( u can't rate videos. it's either u like it or u don't.i thought it was an april fools joke but guess not
i am not new i just don't have any followers :(
i hope the pool is hot tomorrow. :(
iyaa next time ya sayy ! hehehe :)rt ey lg otw ex ya kalin"? aaaa i wish i could join tp ga bisa :(
mau doong diajarin... :( onioning kayak twitter hehe.. lucu deh tampilannya wkwkwk..
why must it always be me? :(
cold morning here at #i39 :(
are you coming to san diego???? plz answer :(
oh yeah for sure didnt see my tweet :(
last night was fuked up aha needty go intae town nd ma hangover will hit me :( its not good
just found typo in my cover letter for arup and aurecon. there goes my chances gah! have to settle for rta or something now :(
okay #spacetweeps getting close to los need to get up continue packing and readying stuff for #sts-131 and i have to get a new tripod :-(
i haven't slept in 24 hours literally! :( gotta study all week and next month north carolina baby... where i can clear my mind of everything
i like graphics too. i'm a photographer and it's a field that's being murdered by every uncle/aunt with a digital camera :(
beautiful this tune makes me cry :( :( ;( ;( ;( ;( ;( #asot450
i need a foot n back massage :-(
i want all my bbm contacts back :( re add me: >> 310cfa87 <<new pin.
oooooh, just 10 hours until we meet the new doctor. i miss dt already :(
you're okay?rt i'm crying right now :(
headache :(
idk no1 to do anything wit : (
youre about to get yelled at lmao! neil is a meany :(
ewwwww i wanna get in my bed but i messed it all up :( ... i wasn't cause of the sexin ' lol
