`@selenafansdr thanks for the unfollow :( so nice
: my kitten, still missing, :( don't think she's coming home.
:( i am so sorry! that sux. again, i'm here if you need me.
we brothers of the pixel need to stay strong. went to newport w/ me. i lost touch w/ others :(
awwe.no more m&m's. :(
praying dawn please help me get a prayer chain going for my aunt marilyn. she's not doing good. : (
okay so i know i don't own a fucking license but what good does it do me when i don't even have a vehicle to drive. :( fml
methinks #iphone may soon be downgraded to #ipod : (
stop goin in on .. leave ha alone :(
my sources say no :(
tweet me b4 work? my phone is dying :(
lml i knoow it sucks :(
rt: : everytime i come around u not there or u dont answer :( stop messing around on me (lol) (stopppppp
why do people who are efamous like or never reply back when you bow to them :(
:(
omg in 1 month nd 5 days it´s been 1 since my grandpa died :(
haha nice! i don't wanna work :(
so and i are dancing 'alanta' *** :( #razztweet
almost off :) i feel tired... :( i'm just happy she got her rest :) i be keeping her up like viagara lol
you're so lucky :( next thursday i'll have 5 tests! 5! d:
getting you to follow me is like finding a 100 dollar bill on the ground :(
some people, i just dont get it. but they looked 12, haha. i dont like movies that make me cry :(
goin to chipotle all by my lonesome because and didn't wait for me on their trip :(
i read with a gun... :( but it is not anything for sure for now... we have to wait for an official medical statement probably.
morning milo, has been deleted her account last nite :(
banned from 1radio :(
awww, thanks jayme! ♥ it's just too short when i wear heels :(
you are not getting a range before me!! lol :( oh well, i just wanna test drive one and i'll be happy.
wtf?! im actually scared, my laptop just restarted :( i need my mum to sort out my security on it.
:( whats wrong?? are you going to tell me why im in your office?
bye bye 80's. :( here come the clouds, & 2marrow back 2 50's. & i didn't even really get to enjoy it. next time i hope!
i don't either. i'm just stuck at harrah's for eternity :(
i really really really want to go to hockey tournement but my mom doesnt want to drive me :(
aww :( im good thanks :) xx
my heart just broke :(
hey sexy :) ~ i didn't see this : ( #heyyourselfhotstuff
don't be jealous of his hair... oh and it's raining in oz today boo :(
as in i only have 400 vertical pixels, because those are the only ones working on my monitor :(
are you kidding me? tallet as #2? this is going to be a long season. :(
i'm pissed i aint seen my baby in two day or hardly talked to ha either. sad day :-(
i miss smokey :( have fun though! we must see you double next week!
awwww how come so my plans 4 2nite is canceled :(
same way for me, no laptop wins or ipads, and i don't expect that to change anytime soon :(
aww, what happened? :(
the zoom on my camera phone don't work :(
i know :(
everything okay? :(
yes!!!! but is in the back.... i miss him!!! :( lol
yes, april babies are the best... and thanks i live everything he did.. such a tragedy :(
yeh !! their manager wouldnt let me :(
today's shopping was unsucessful :( better luck tommorow in bicester
no :( i can't find anyone to go with and i don't trust my car to get me there
i'm so sad no va 4 me :( either sis
is feeling somewhat crushed :(
y are u talking about me barb :-( lol
oh, no. my ear's bleeding. :(
i have to go now, work in a few short hours :( speak tomorrow xxx
byebye korea :( at incheon airport :'(
yes!! i dont want to get up early for work though :-( x
#imiss having longer hair than what i have now :(
:( please stephanie.
chiropractor ran way over time slot. i won't be able to make it to planned parenthood on time. :(
gonna watch clash of the titans tonight . ewwwwwww :(
i love long weekends , but theyre sometimes boring. :(
must've picked it up from someone in first class! fuck i have a fever. haven't had one in years! #fuckacoldman :(
i miss u lover boy lol now that u famous u act like u cant talk to me :(
i know :(
ah i think i knocked her over last night an i feel bad. text her and tell her i'm sorry for being a twat :( x
poor little girl. :( and jordan won't ever see that haha. she only tweets, doesn't read replies and stuff.
attempting to do homework.. so far it's not working :(
really!? :(
you should have gotten it 3 weeks ago tho :( it is jm related.
yeah ik :( but its john mayer!
i dont have either :(
aww i miss my friends :(
is wishing that she could have a blue check mark beside her name so people would know she was real. :(
surgery is pushed back to monday :(
