no oregon theaters :(
started dozing off in mcdonald's.. wake up, gilla is probably asleep too.. :( 2 and a half hours to go
no its not lyk dat at all....i ve had internet access on ma lappy today :( plus i slept most of today sori sis :'(
packing up time :( good bye auckland, good bye new zealand, until next time. it was good training, time to go back to van and do some work!!
okk , seriouslyyyy ! wheress nijayyy ? i miss haa o'dd ... no aim ? no twitter ? uu not pickingg upp ? :'(« word :(
aww i know i asked ivonnee for you thoo<33 grrr :(
my bad i hope i won't need a bracelet after my surgery i went months w/o 1 dizzy spell now i been dizzy all week :-(
lmao heyyyy and you're so welcome miss you on here :( btw i haven't find a guy w.a bro :\ lol
i missed btr :(
eu to no meio :( hueaue
i'm right here omg where is :(
hahaha i don't know which model year it started, but recent ones have scary-looking backs :( like the shape of the lights is scary
i miss talking to you too lila :) i'm sorry if i'm not making much sense now, but i had meds & i'm upset & i'm exhausted :( :(
at this rate, she'll never retire. :( as much as taxes are necessary to pay for our government, i hate our tax system.
wishing i were in georgia so that i could go to signing :( she needs to get her oakland booty to boston!
dunnooo man :( just feeling down... again :/
don't aww me . i was dyin & you weren't there :( ... you were prolly bein a slut .
you never answer me! :( i love u
awesome hope u have amazing time i'm so gutted cnt go :( have u seen the amazing lucie yet :) :) xx
home for the day... no more outdoors... still sick :(
been on the screen far too long today... my eyeballs feel like they are on fire :( massive action to get new course programme completed :)
totally just told someone i'd go to the pens game with them on their status and they ignored me :(
sorry to hear that :(
djb: i'm just a slave to my phone i see my red blackberry light flashing. even when it's not :-(
96 seen 49 obtained but my ones from diamond are not being counted yet :(
oasidoasid sim ué. :(
30 seconds to mars 47% :( #voteformars #mofo #echelonpower
ugh!! can't please evrybody :( i have class on sunday's and it's my hardest one so i might not b there
i was watching "the diary of last night, and a stupid fan pushed him and almost broke his arm (poor justin) :( . but hes ok!
sighs, missing my hubby he went off to look at a phone and well its been something like 4 hours and no word back from him as yet :-(
i wish i had a blanket :( freezing!
not really getting any questions :( ask me anything! i promise i'll answer :)
i missed my 44,700th tweet. :(
where's my bitch tonight? :(
mhmm wutevs.. artyy no miss londy :( n ooomg jill told me wut happ. u good mcbestie..?
gah, i envy you! :( you guys get to watch it live now, while we, far away, have to wait 'til it's online. t.t
ahh u unfollowed me... :(
what? i dont understand sorry :(
damn that was late hey sexy :) ~ i didn't see this : ( #heyyourselfhotstuff
wouldnt let me click password :| was just playing wit me :( loool (@jazzmaneonustream live at )
hold up im finna start blowing it up and you better come back :(
agh d': can someone add me back in pls? :(
uh oh...jedi needs to go to the doctor :(
not baking my own this year, no. :(
always works night so i can train in the day :( i wont do.. it's dead here tonight.. everyones in ther rooms.. bein naughty :o
the guy in this movie is wearing #jorts. makes me miss & :( but only 22 days til nyc! <3
it won't let me in the proper site just the stupid mobile site where i can't vote. :(
to #allmyactualfriendfollowerz eye kutt mii kurlz into aye fade -- wtf ?! why ? :(
floating bridges suck if the stuff they're floating on gets all choppy in the wind :( #fb
you're the bitch. you cheated on me this weekend :(
i have a cold :(
about to hit the sack; yeah that's the price for being a morning anchor. no friday night hang outs :(
that sucks :(
my heart cries a little everytime i see a bright yellow cavalier :(
just bought my world 2.0 by bad i didn't win the golden ticket :(
being sick reaaally sucks! especially when has big plans for us tomorrow :( no bueno.
i have one of the biggest headaches ever :(
r.i.p ugly tree :(
i reallyy want to tweet mee :( ivee always wanted a tweet off of them </3
i didn't. and wasn't planning on it. but something happened. i'm sorry :(
best tweet of all time: got so drunk celebrating b4 's concert in sf i blacked out and missed the whole thing! :(
currently jealous of all my friends that get to go out tnite...take a shot or two for me :-(
public toilet, sadly locked up. :-(
yup the one on la brea! had the open faced portobello sandwich and celery root soup which was great. skipped the smores :(
i'm not a true tranny then :(
yfrog is not cool. please post on twitpic :(
i can't watch it fml!!! they don't have it here i'm soo maddd, whyyyyy! lololol :-(
word u in my neck of da woods and aint hit me up :( jp
