trying not to cry :( #blindside
damn jus dnt love me nomore...i dnt get no shout outs :(
ughhhhh there is nothing to do tonight... :-(
someones in our house, my dad is checking with a gun! ... im scared!! :(
try 40! :( boo hoooo how insane is that in two months i am going to be 28 years old, shit i am (cont)
does anyone hv the link to the rick twibbon? can't find it right now :(
i hope jeremy dies. i find him really annoying and there's no way someone his age could be that naive. bonnie was missed. :(
hahaah i hope my dad says yes to new jersey! my mom said yes already but my dad didnt answer :( i hope he says yes!!! <333
in this stupid house doin sprin cleanin ugh :(
ik right im mad disapointed it would of been so chill :(
i wanted to come :-( i'm sad
of course i have a screen but didn't have it closed. : (
:(
just had an epic showdown on the wii with my dad and now my arm aches :( expect some complaints in tomorrow's tweets!
:( fine. i guess no shoutoues
i'm not sure how something like that would affect me, but i guess some people just don't feel like they've much to say :(
i'm going to miss you wondercon. :( i hope u have a fabulous time! can't wait for #re4!
once again leavin the mall wit z plenty of clothes and me nothing :-(
the vynil cover sheet of my bicycle storage dome has been broken by strong wind of yesterday :( it's a disaster!!
it would probably look mostly like an anthill. a foot-tall anthill. :(
would love to be sitting around a fire with my guitar in my lap. think i'll go work instead :(
when i lived in kenosha, i toured the kemper center and spent the whole time looking for "ghosts." i didn't see any :(
yes...jj and mar mar have been neglecting us :( so glad u r always here for us...we can't make it without you...you spoiled us
can't get comfy :(
i would have liked to go too :(
quiet, quiet house.... :(
there's nothing like live instrumentation. i wish devaughn and mike lived in east lansing w/me!!! :(
when i was younger...i remember those little candy vending machines giving you more then 5 pieces of candy for 25 cents :(
gooood, you? ooc: aww :( <3
why?rt t.t huhurt :( yah badan gue panas,please jangan sakit dong strid!!
yaaaah ntar gue ga softball dah :( tapi gapapa its worth it :)
sweets afternoon binge ruined friday :( ugh binge us an ugly, powerful word isn't it?
i was cumn with cartez this wkend but i have to work this wkend!!!!! :(
:( why does he hate d? jealous?
:( snif
fab! still at capital records! :) about to record my last song. :(
i know :( but come in now and get the mango smoothie !
went geocaching, the one i could have found was stolen :(
omg!! there is so much hair in the ground!! :(
ahhhh me too! :( i miss you.
i'm in kansas city and i just found out is having a show here tonight. i'm jealous of all those other girls :(
yeah. i thought so. so many promises broken. :(
yeah oxygen but im too young :( hmm when is it?
tito you don't love me anymore??? :(
it's not peaceful rain, it's like a storm pounding on the roof. it's to noisey to sleep :(
so bull riding in marion, indiana ended march 26. none for us tonight then :( big ball bowling instead! zach's first time!
sorry guys i cant go :(
i can't wait to nap. i gotta get my damn mind cleared somehow. i can taste lots of moscato & chardonnay in my future. sooo exhausted. :(
i have nasty looking toes... says my mama :(
ipad saturday crashes and burns for me :(
you're a bitch :( you're the mean one!
cammalleri isn't scoring anymore :( i think i need to wear my jersey again!!
i'm still not feeling good :(
stuck at sfo flight delayed to la cuz of rain :(
lol i knoooww! but there is just nothing to do! :(
ok i give up on tito :(
i scared my mom because of my depression face :( sorry madre. i'm not depressed i just dont feel like talking.
what were you talking about when you said disrespected me :(
i didn't see any music notes :(
new suspension/struts, timing belt, brake and transmission fluid flushed and replaced :( $2800
i don't think i'll ever go back to facebook again :( *covers face with my hands* what did i do now? :(
idk! :( how much r they? i wish i had cash on me! i want something to drink!
mimimi :(
ight my heart just broke into pieces :(
q:@gangstagirldemi and her boyfriend got into a fight..apparently her boy... a:oh. :-( xoxo.
we were sent bunny ears to wear. creepy old man pops in to compliment us. dnw :(
i need to change my ways a lil :(
my report card and my driver's ed certificate came in the mail today but not my sweatshirts. :(
omg kendra new season aires sunday :( and im not here :@ this is crap !!!
