cos like er, traditional custom? he full month then must shave.. idk what he wants :( i gave him his pacifier but he doesnt want..
#mupeng :( u hv 1 week left for kelly clarkson presale tix: 350k/trib&450k/fest, until april 9th only at
my right eye hurts when i blink :( mofo
i wonder how latee imaa stay up ; i need a boyfran soo i kan text bl1304d all nitee ; but i dnt :(
packing is so boring! :(
hello, yeah never had s'mores :( think its a uk thing lol. i'm good thanks just woken up. hows u been?
blackberry gone for at least 10 days :( booo i miss it already.
thx uuuuuuu! and i miss u more..im about to layout...and ur not here :( its not the same!!
i hate growing up. because of exams, fashions, love, and other things that i don't like :(
lol!! i would go if i wasn't working. he's the only pop dj i still love :( but i should sleep now! have a good night new friend :)
awwwhh that sucks :(
wants to go or a jog but no car and its drizzling :(
lewis qualify 20th for 2moz stupid rain :(
really unsure if to go on with my new game as online only, or standard offline game. i hate being stuck in such things... :(
hamza was really bad today so we put him in timeout lol. aww he was so sad :(
i want some followers :(
i drove home with friends from next town. my car still is in munich :( have to wait until my friend drives back *hugs*
yep. was 'bout to say that didn't come out right, but you got the gist. been up 1.5 hrs now. :(
met some of your tour members in calgary tonight, but you were nowhere in sight :(
noooooooooooooooo! that literally broke my heart :(
i missed out big time man :(
ooc: toooo early for work :( and it's saturday
i know :( i tried resetting it and all. :(
ingin berada diantara orang yang menyayangi saya .. but, it's impossible :(
kubica was 1st literally all the way through q1. q2 he was 2nd. q3 6th :@ wanted the pole on pole :(
so i quess this is goodbye :( omb :(
:: i never needed your judgements.. :(
ahhhhhhh mupeng x_x saya kelaparan! where's my super supreme extra cheesenya :(
bit too far for me :( will remember it next time in that neck of woods :))
uh oh, cue the aussie fanboy hosts :(
:( i hate night time...cuz its when i miss her the most...
why isn't my phone receiving your texts mannn? :(
aww, daiso's disappointing. cant find much gifts for my students :(
i heard about this movie long back. one co has asked me to do a review of the film. just escaped. i was amma's official reporter :(
damn that sucks . i hate sleeping patterns :(
would never follow me, even if we were the last two people on earth. :( but i'll never give up
lg lg sakit lg.. huuu t.t bdan q pnas lg.. :( haii ☺ mari bermain lophe.lophee..... ♥ wkwkwkwk
honey, i didn't receive the pic re elvie. i went to your site to see if i cld find the link but cld not find it. :-(
my throat is as dry as ghandis flip flop! and it feels like a cheese grater :( !! nurse
nice....... firworks has never crashed on my in all my 5 years of using it... until im half way in to my new cartoon :( time to start again
lost a follower :(
yeah... q3 was so mediocre... :( sometimes i don't even remember that schumi is back :((( #f1
can anyone suggest sites that sell gorgeous, long handled umbrellas? my lovely chocolate & pink circle one gave up the ghost yesterday :-(
... and the f***ing delay is on! :(
awww :( come back... the guest room misses you hahah
butuh refreshing :(
oh noez :( what did she get?
the reverand aka james sullivan, the drummer ;___;rt a7x siapanya itu udah meninggal ya? :(
on coach to bolton. not on back seat :( gab & uncle john beat me to it. eating creme egg :)
yer i know, everything is :( but the horses do enjoy it at least
buruk :( gmn pemotretan hari ini?
in the lj attack on kath they also mentioned suzy and dawn :(
why do i like you? even when i know were not gonna happen again :(
please, respect me!!!!!! :(
visitors in such a hot afternoon..what were they thinking before getting out in this heat and coming over to our place :( huhh..gtg
where ijj ?? im misshing her like a cheeseburger minus fries :(
i hate being woken up by my grandma at 11..... !! :(
i dont have any vitamin c...smh i have a feelin that tomorrow is not gonna be a good day :(
did he not think to video it so we could share the laughs? :(
what about me!!! :(
disappointed with families around birthdays... :(
im doing shit all! :( grrrss
well not getting an ipad today. the brst buy manager came out and said there was a ups problem. :(
y am a up so early :-( workin all fukin day and night. thank god it's my last shift for a while :-) xx
i lost my wallet :(
yay free pastry day! :) too bad they forgot the espresso in my drink :(
