not allowed to sleep past 8am apparently... also woke up at 4.30 for over an hour :( tired #firstworldproblems
breaking the program i've alrdy been doing for a half month :(
:( im not though
working so damn =.= everyone is leaving,how sad :(
stupid pretty people :(
:( i guess im just not good at all (sad & feeling down voice)<==lmao nigga u neva was
awww, but there's nothing wrong with you, sayang naman :(
it is sooo hot in my room i can't sleeep :(
i wanna hold you now. i want you know that i miss you :(
it's raining :(
moving my way into bed…listening to music with one earphone :(
eatting a pb and j hella bored everyone is asleep :( cant wait to move
on my way to bandung! yeay, males.. :(
how about 3:10 to yuma :( i haven't watched it.
loved churched today. afterwards went to sharis and talked about religions, now im scared. got the idea of calvinism stuck in my head :(
wtfff i wanna play ttr justin biebs edish. :(
wish i was in vegas for viva right now :(
my sister just got flown to sydney hospit after having a real bad motorbike accident, & shess nine :'( ; shes a mess :( i cried
i miss and so does jupiter :(
going to pick up christina from work.. soooo coold :(
#happybirthdayamandabynes!!!! you go girl! i miss all that. :(
i won't knw you by then :( lmfao smhh
hey i'm going to sleep and i'm not crying. its an improvement from last night. i still feel bad though :(
#yourtight because lady gaga was in my room last night. ( i wish ) :( lmao.
has to wake up extra early tomorrow :(
is still tired :-( (lol)
eh matthew ! hahahha ! i haven't study :(
babykuuu where hv u been sih huhu dr kmrn tak ada kbr jgn2 ga cinta lg! :(
hey! only 5 mins interview..grrr not fun!! not even said good bye :(
:(
my back and neck are hurting so badly :( it hurts
hungry. ready to go home and still at work. she come home tomorrow... :( but its all good. got plans for my 3 day weekend
hehe okeoke , sms aku yaa . maaf ngrepotin :(
it feels like there is a little man running around in my head!! :(
been on chatroulette for like seven minutes, have already seen three dicks and been sent packing by a gorgeous girl. :(
ugh. really didnt want waking up at 7am today. looks like all hell broke loose overnight, and i'm left with the mopping up :(
off tweets wanna watch hachiko (again) with my besties but won't join to watch :( hmm sad
:( i need 2 more little nick posters! gaah!
' red shirt around siam
seng mak mai dai kin shabushi duai :(
morning win. more rain here on this holiday weekend :(
i never update my nokia phone. do i need to? it's troublesome. :(
i hate when i waste alcohol :-(
did he really? i missed it :(
i did like aaron this week but unless andrew can really start to shine i don think he'll make the top 6 :(
ak ga sebuttt?? i joined for about 20mins :( had a great time with today :)
i'm assuming the twitterverse would have blown up with pdx kevin smith tweets if he came. :( still, i hope it was awesome!
oh that's just grim. :(
#50radio lol silly. well i'm off to bed, gotta be up at 5 for work. :( boo!
i know he didnt say he loves us :( lol hes prob annoyed of me lol
off to the retreat for drinking and then walking home :(
gr8 choices! but 2getha? hope u feel better soon still not feeling great :( and i am craving steers chips and lindt bunnies...
you nvr told me to come :( smh movie nite by myself :( o well had fun today ....
my mom is criying :( she said: he's very talent and a good person :)
awhh i just remembered about alex frausto . :( i wish i had her number.
:( thats not good.hope ur gonna stick with it abit longer-it could get better :)x
i feel soo lost.. i dont understand half of these 3-letter internet acronyms! :(
i need a new car. :(
pffff! :(
oh nooooo :( *clears throat* give it up to [@destineehua] because i could not have done it without her;) there, better?
i am deppressed :( i need medication?
not now but was when i stupidly did that to stop rio stealing sparky's breakfast :(
i got jailed on my jailed account :|||||||| :(
what is going on? :(
rugi msk uss hr ini :(
even when rachel is probably getting heartbroken? :(
bc you're boringgg lmao todo los dias se bebe!!-- too bad i don't like to :( haaahaa
i need your dm to know who's no longer following me ..pleaseee :(
i hate when i'm alone in the apartment. :(
i need now! :(
wooo new video, by time it reaches us here it will b 4o clock in the afternoon :(
i'm in jackson sitting outside freelons cold and hungry :(
askia tell yo sister i was jp'n she went all hard on me got me spooked now :( .
that's what i did and the blue and the red mixed, making my drink purple..usually it sits in pretty layers before you stir it :(
i'm sorry to hear that :( do you have any time off this weekend?
causeee i sound horrible (kinda) , i just woke up :(
oh she's got crazy eyes. but i'm pretty sure i'm her in "twin peaks" land. *sighsies* :(
why??rt this girl can't do it in heels... wtf? :(
sombong knp bang?rt smbg :(
my future handphone is sony ericsson satio (tm) :(
its my state right now :( rt: depends. winnie: +100000 rt: imagination is hard to come by these days ! :(
that's not nice at all! :( i don't think they'd be the "hit of the party," either.
i'm so scared to sleep! the wind is so strong that it feels like it's gonna rip my room away from the rest of the house!! :(
ipad launch day :) well for us customers anyway :( if you're getting one make this your 1st app! #ipad #app
yea you should have walked me home, fucker :(
what happen with my memory? hiks. tibatiba muncul lagu kangen band dkk dan ga bisa diapus. viruskah ini ? hiks :(
what a long day! had to say bye to my two best friends as they left for vaca to cali and arizona :( it's okay, who wouldn't want to stay ...
i been waitin for 1 follower for wild long so i can have 270 :(
why is time passing so slow today :(
i can't sleep because i can't wait for world tour. i hope it will not be very expensive :(
lost 2 followers!! :(
she didnt come :(
wishing a nanna nap would come on around now...brain wont stop whirring : (
please tour in indonesia .. please .. i crying everynite just to pray hope #jonasbrothers can meet me :(
imy loh! haha.. come out lah long time didn't see u :(
i don't think my ginger cake is going to work out as well as my fruit cake :(
oh i am the 'most lonely' person in indonesia on this long weekend , i swear its me :( :( :(
cept you didn't dance! :(
>_> mhm. just finished coloring my lineart. :| i need new styles in coloring my drawings. :( artist-block.
is going to bed. totally not feeling good again tonite. my stomach is acting all kinds of crazy tonite. :(
talking nasty like that with you :(
nupe :( no-one else was keen hey. sucks but oh well.
i cried too much last night :(
i'm going crazy :( i'm scared i need pills... stop saying my name!
if i drove i would have got you...but i don't. :( is a little bitch
awww i'd invite you to some but mine are all st andrews parties and so you'd end up all leftout :(
i say i wan liaos,bo reply meh...... :( so sad...
thanks for waking me up with your gtar :( still tired but cant sleep
ugh work.... on a saturday..... the day before easter :(
dhat5 5till something i would love to have dhat right now :(
:( huekkkk nyam nyam cini cinirt yg gini2 nih... yg bikin iri !!!!! (cont)
lord forgive me for i have sinned :( lol lmao
goodnite candy even tho u dunt be showin me love like u used toooo :(
i can't sleep. this is bad... :-(
melu..rt ak pcran ma :( koe ntn ra kui..rt 507 live in wates, diy, tonite..
yeah, is prejudiced against the midwest. you'll notice ohio is not on the list :(
where is salem? he hasn't come home for days :(
...i just have to say it: my butt hurts. i want to get off this train right now. :(
ailsa has just left me to come to u :( sad days for me!!!!!! see u when u at the o2 and in brum!!! look after her xx
reply please :(
i have to go back into my job. it's not in case of tweeting. :(
jack, carl's, or bk?!? i'm a bit hungry! but i already ate! :(
lol dont tell nobody tho kay :( i have a rep to withhold . lol
oooo i might be able to get an early show of kickass today! (early for oz, it only releases thursday here :( )
hurry up tea i'm hungry. my room looks like a small construction site with my wardrobe being built. :(
oh shoot :( when will the vote ends? i'll try to help,once i can get my hands to my compy >,<
mencicil tugas... :(
come on.. it's weekand dudeee
oh it's too hot today. :(
i wanna go and hit the pool too bad there's no pool here; haha! :)
good luck rene, can't wait to hear your view on the podcast...we've got to wait till the end of month for uk release :(
lol :( apparently me too
tummy ache. :(
