still didn't get my soup yet :(
i totally am not into this unisex bathroom in the club thing #imjustsayin ... i need my privacy :(
idk lol :( <---- y the long face?
share! :(
yesss so close, they looked like gods, i wanted to just jump on them and have them take me wherever they went! :( lol
que lastima que a robert pattinson no le guste el twitter :(
i aint blowin yo phone up lol smh i should tho huh :(
yessss.. sad to say i was the ghetto one in the top row :(
why cant i see your page :( miss you and love you more :)
ps:...... ct time
i don't know :( all i know is it sucks.
but we australians still can't buy your audiobooks from audible i regret voting for you :( #audible_com
at the phonyppl practice ... i love them =) (no one ever invites me lol :(
u no sabi!rt after downing lyk 5 homemade cocktails. i'm still as sober as pope....wat a downer! : (
jgn sedih ni :( waking up with the feeling of emptiness. how can i survive when he's overseas? i (cont)
yeah,is totally awesome aaaa,i want cloisex,haha...and the scream of that woman scared me arggggg :(
yeah, you and velo did :(
hungry now and nothing to snack on :(
i don't have one tho lol and i can't get one either :(
all i want is some qt time my baby but he doesn't see that : (
whaddya mean you don't like ham? :( i may have to break up with you, allie. *sniffle*
house of blues. i think it sold out though :(
my focus ring either slipped or broke... :( it crumples when it focuses* :((
wait why everyone calls me "zombie" ? oo haha ! *looks at her pale-faced in the mirror* okay but i'm ill !! :(
d: ... i would love to but.. i have work :(
:( i'll search for your neuvy shirt again!
up at 4:30 to study!! :( hopefully i wake up or else im screwed!!! :(
yea, youv got to pay with a credit card, i think :(
i havnt gotten any new followers :( have you??
baby jus said if i weighed 510 pounds id maybe get a 'hi' n a 'bye' :( lmaoo .alicia.
ive been waiting so long for to reply or dm me... guess it's never happening :(
:-( *sheds a tear for punchy* hold your head high!!!
ok soo i lost my fone :( its been a qood 20mins ! .& idk where tf it is . tears of frustration cominq soon . lol
pleeeeease for me! it takes 2 seconds :( lol
omgg dat wud of been nice thoo uu shud of came :(
:( <---- y the long face?
no :( us only
ugh, first i find that there's no way to fix my harmony remote & now i learn i'm part of usage meter pilot program. :(
it's bad all year round :(
i know :( that's not right
this home made rocky road is buffff but i can feel it making my skin angry :(
just got ished on by a audi s4 :(
am kind if disappointed that didn't like the skirt i showed her. we never even got near to whether it fit or not. :(
:( cheer up ({)
q:cause i havent :( a:yeah me nether
:( things will get better hun x at least your uncle is in a much better place now x
awwww :( lol
ik..he doenst talk to me anymore either. i shouldn't be mad at him, i should let him leave his life :( although i love him
no, don't be over it please! don't resist the bieb :(
aww i know! :( i miss her to! hope shes on tomorrow, didnt speak to her today! (n) what ya watching? xd x
love you, miss listening to since some idiot smashed my car :( gettin on a (cont)
rt: ugh i miss talkin to i bet he dnt even know me and anymore :(
dont dont dont, :( if ur doing that because someone said something to u, dont care about it, whatever it is, but dont delete it
i know :( #miami is blowing my phone up! i miss yal too :(
:( i'm sorry
djb: i'm just a slave to my phone i see my red blackberry light flashing. even when it's not :-(
i guess it depends on your motive. i'd hate to think i'd paid for him to come hang out with me :(
no way!!!!!!!!!! i see who you like better :( x :o awhhh lol!x
boooo i'm fattt!!! me too ! :(
:( she's being mean
i've never been to red robins, but i am jealous i'm so hungryyyy :(
lying in bed but can't sleep :( bored! who's still up?
i see how it is. you guys go out on non-tweetup nights :(
:( lol fuck these yung bucks
guys ruined my night :(
good friday to you all :) it was another beautiful day sorry i missed soo much of it :(
i have officially turned into a sappy girl. wtf is wrong with meeeeeee? :(
the last song is about to start and i throw up. this would happen to me. ughhhh going home :(
nooo!! firefox froze on me!! :(
i dont have that many clothes :(
nobody likes me cuz i aint get a #ff :(
i've been eating more and lifting heavy. i've put almost an inch on my arms in the last few months :), but, also an inch on my waist. :(
it is pissing it down. shelter colapsed. decamped to house. i have a wet bum again :(
the sticker that protected my camera came off! :(
me want,but...huhuhu :( formula one... anybody going today ?
pralenes and cream! or cookie dough! ahh wtf happened to tooty fruity icecream? :(
kylie is sick! awesome way to end the day! poor girl! :(
i don't. sorry. :( <3
ohhhh yes, twitter can be a mean place :( some people just like to cause trouble. *pokes 'some people'*
i just got siq to my stomach :(
watching 'king kong' on itv1. so sad. :( he's dying right now. :(
i reallyy want to tweet mee :( ivee always wanted a tweet off of them </3
where is i havent seen her in my timeline :(
i really don't like these easter commercial they showin filled w/ cute bunnies :( cupcake was my cute bunny
super tired :( i will def be in da house tonight
hmm like usual :( something's up dear. but am fine. you?
awww :( hope you fucking feel better (lol jk)
ah not alot , in my friends , one of my girls is sooooo drunk ah help :(
link does not click. :(
i wish i had a big cam :(
sheesh its kinda chilly out :(
me either except i can't watch it :(
aww, sorry to hear that carrie.. hope it all works out tech woes suck :( wishing u the best rest of the w/e!
2day marks 3yrs dat dey took u frm us... cesar.. i luv u, miss u.. & think ofu everyday! rip cesar mendez... :(
:-( i sowwy
cany sleep at aw mann :(
awww... im sorry love! my phone is being mean this week and skips tweets :(
i get sad when i stumble upon sites that are still all in flash... :(
i want to see cursive tomorrow but i can't :( i miss you
i wish i looked more like :(
me too :( well pre :(
needs to text me bc i miss her :(
sorry :( i mean retweet my last tweet now! go go go!
1-0 sharks. :(
wall-e watching with a sick little harry boo-bah :(
manny lost. :( fun to see him fight though. hasta.
i swear, if i get stuck in idaho a second night because of this god-forsaken snow i will cry. lots more. bah :( #homesick
my laptop won't even play dvd's :( ok rip laptop i have had you for 3 years now.
dang another miss from mtg :(
awww called me her sunshine, :( and it hellla made me think bout paris. rip baby
went to beck's shoes too and got my own shoes. 120 dollars for some slip on slip resistant/oil resistant. so pricey but w/e :(
yeah he tried but its not letting him type his password :( (@jazzmaneonustream live at )
you? of course, you always in my heart. gue? sampah kalee buat lo :(
#backintheday always said i'd be single foreverrr :( well for awhile lmao.
:( not sure how to get it to work then
there are no morning pigeons in my street. :-(
miss you too! you'll visit again. -rt i wish i was back in lv with my sister and :-( i miss you guys so much
aw man :(
why is my room so fucking uncontrollably hottttt?!?! :(
no! you can't get shot! i'd be sad.. :-(
urgh! i can not send u messages on here anymore! :(
samme ! just super burnt :(
converting back to my old ways? :(
whats worse at 01:20 in the morning? the works monitoring system having a small fit and texting me like crazy :-(
thanks to elin..the entire world now knows that roger lost on wednesday. :( media frenzy....
there has been a bird outside my window on a branch for the longest time and just left :(
he didnt even tweet back :(
someone ate the cookies ... :(
sakit banget yah sariawan disitu :(
mwahhhh!!! me and headed to see the jersey boys show!!! phone dying :( gotta take a #twitterbreak!!! miss u all!
so he flirted with you at the club ... doesn't mean he has to call you today #itsnotthatserious<~ #damnteaser! :-(
i feel like such a youngsterr :(
yes i know beb.. :)rt jgn sakit beb ga enak!rt feel unhealthy :(
