is very angry computer has decided to muck up a french oral section which now needs to be fixed :(
i want to be at #nnsymposium not here! :(
dude it's just a debate... i don't get it. conflict of interest??? :(
don´t know! i wanted to move actually, but my mom stressed me out! so it will be late :-( i call you later, ok?
heeeeyaaaa sun :) i saw you yesturday.. man im doing feck all today, feck all :(
just puked on side of the road carsick :( i drove soo much.
yes i ammm :(
baldness. :(
hope u had a good show tonight mama...i really wanted to go with everyone but i had to work early and just got off :( lovess u
2am phone calls throw off my sleep sched ... :(
i really need to study! i cant be bothered :(
shit i just missed you sorry, i'm sorry about that :( i will actually get you another one x
i miss my franky :( where are u framian :(
there is huge grey cloud lurking :( please don't rain!!! x
i did but i still cant avoid getting the tan. :(
): doesn't work in deutschland :( oh yes i *will* flow fela kuti. anyone for anymore #mflow invites btw?
is anybody awake besides me? :(
i hate these breaks :(
i think i saw u rinu... but 4m a distance... i searched for ur no...but i lost ur no :( #museum
we are dying a very painful death :( c'mon roo's, pick it up!
knocking out. have to wake up early. forgot about that :(
aww, that sucks! :(
i had a dream last night that i met and then woke up to reality :(
they used to show it on saturdays too, but i went without cable for so long, maybe they changed it to all morn l&o marathon...? :(
i don't have normal teenager life like other normal kids. i feel my head being pressed all the time :( need to get outta from here.
i just realized i lost my ring :( back to san francisco i must go... ugh...
please, respect me!!!!!! :(
it rained! but... but... but... how come its still so warm?!?! :(
awesome. :) that sounds like the best idea haha. i wanna see stack at the opera house. :(
..about to say 'hello' :(
oh david! leave nicky alone :(
u mad at me :(
maen rubiks aj dehh :(
amin..tengkiu all doanyart amiiin..rt :( alem.. so sorry to hear that yaa. semoga cepat sembuh lem, amin
can you follow me back pls i don`t want to spam you :( <3
awww! at siamm! many many red shirtsss here! :(
bout to watch the fourth kind by myself in the dark :( wish me luck
.itz nt wrking!!!!
:( sry...
get ready to kick post office ass when you geet back, no letter as yet. almost 3 weeks now :-(
went to eat outside. cut my thumb deeply. it hurts :(
i've never had a comment post error before! :(
miss you already! :( my shoe didn't get a picture with your shoe. i'm sad.
#bluak sucks... just checked it out and didnt like it at all... may be later i will.. :(
ok maybe it was stolen :(
wat went wrong wit the ferraris n mclarens.? they are startin from the fag end of the grid.. :(
don't feel like doing anything... not even stdy for exams... :(
me too :( mnum obat mbaknyaa :) flu berat! hmmpff
lol my pride won't explain to why lol tell u later but ily2 nd i'm still not sleep :(
im sick. :( ive got a cold, my throat is all swollen... ive got that winterdepression thing going on too. buy hey, ive got a new design! :)
so far still throwing idea's round with the rest of the hens!main thing is accommodation for 21 at the mo-wanted appartments :-(
awwww, that's gay :( yeh i'm good, just going out shopping :) well i hope you get better sooner than soon lol :) xx
lmfao omg i'm sorry none of my friends wanted 2 go so i fell asleep! :(
oke, i think i need the "hide" think on twitter to hide tl's someone. mo diunfollow, no reason to do that tp males baca tl-nya :(
not on saturdays lmao i dnt have many options :(
why did they push wall street release dat to sept. ?? :-(
i seem to be getting abit nervous about my pt thing today. have to tell him it's over after the next one :(
there i was thinking i was fighting with a man :(
went 3 games of mw2 for a bit, noob tubed every spawn, rage quit. almost with but i mw2 gets most view when commentated :(
wasting time doing nothing :-(
knapa yuss,,??? gue lg melow :(
it's so boring to go korangi industrial area...... :(
ima try holding it in :\ arghh i shouldda went toilet b4 we left :(
i'm the girl, he's the boy. if he doesn't text me first, i have to do it first :(
i want some ihop/ #cosign 2 bad ur ot( lmaoooo :( i am down the street
oh and no they aint finished yet :(
otw depok...jgn mct jgn mct jgn mct qeeee....tar gw disemprooot lg dtg ngaret :( mang sapa yg nyemprot bilang sam gw wi.......
have to wait til sunday to get my tattoo :(
did my 1st mobile blog this morning.'spose its about time. still loving my #htc desire apart from battery life. :-(
if not now,then when? :(
i just visited play but unfortunately they haven't blackberry :(
i don't want vegeatbles
i want pizza :( stupid life
steve!!! i forgot to tell you congrats on being 66,666 days old! but now you're just 66,667 days old. :( darn.
aw what :( if i were in your shoes is the worse ymas video like ever.. dissapointed!
wtf as if he doesnt come to perth, :(
back home now :( but on the super bright side got a photo with occy. luuuuuuuv occy what a sweetheart :)
new doctor who tonight and i'm going to miss it cause i'm in work til 7 :( hopefully it'll be quick enough going up online.
an upset stomach to spoil my day :(
a2 .. jauh sm lo sher.. :( lo tutor ap na? blum smp balasan'a.. lo tau drmn? mnta tolong liatin gw jg hehe
ahh i know stupid english weather! i just want a sun tan that's not a lot to askkk :( grrrr
on mocospace: this wifi shyt is messing up my battery :(
ye. . . ky qmu gag suka gthu aja.hhmmpp. . . gmn kabar our picture?fine kan?pgn liat deh jdnya :(
aww sarah its okay! i was thinking abot it today too. so sad. :(
still havent got a call from my dad saying i have a easter basket :( am i to old?
kepong 4ever yah the camp abis,biasa nya jam segini waktu nya #kepompong :(
its raining in newcastle! :(
studying for monday exam :( #headache
apaaa? jgn sedih gitu dong say :) liat sesuatu huhu :(
:( i missed tweet :( :(
i hate how she's treating you :(
bad start to the day, i live with very stupid people :(
boo hoo. i think you need to do an article on what we should do for the next 20 days while we wait :(
i miss thailand :(
laura has a cold too, hope neither of you give it to me!! i dont wanna be ill again!! :(
my grandma was here until she died back in the 80's... :( but yea. it's all a big mess with the origins xd
noone is helping me to my goal. :(
my ears are ringing :( how do you stop that?
it's just qualifying, which is pretty shit. i watch the actual race every sunday, going to miss it tommorow though :(
ga keluar ka disini.. :( mw nnton ♬♫♩♪♬♫♪♩♪♫♬ yaa ? (cont)
yeah, don't know what was wrong with my last night? was horrible :( xx
haha i'm good thanks! really bored though :(
tell me about it :(
i'm in the boredom world :(
no ones tweeting me :(
hey mary we do receive your tweets don't worry :-) abhishek said on twitter that raavan cannes premier was not true :(
sorry about that :( on the bright side all the ones i post now will be fresh from my head :) so all new singing and dancing.
haha! yes, i watched it at school 2times in a week :) i cried when you killed needys man :( i swore at you! at the screen lol
can my sister &roomie please come back i miss them :( (miss u more sis my ying2my yang)
wow... i haven't been updating things on this laptop for ages. my bad :(
tory children can recognise left-wingers! do i always sit opposite children on trains that kick me? :-(
i noticed you hadn't been around,i missed my crazy twitter friend :( xx
says having a heavy heart today :(
i need a phone that you can put notes on the home screen on. can't do it on my nokia e71 :(
i cant have convos on twitter :( lmfao twinkle says so hahaha
sm ppl breaking rulez am sorry... :(
