1am got home from a long ass day try to go sleep and its 4am and still up! i hate these night!! : (
they're playing basketball outside. ugh! i want to rest. this fever (i think) is so bringing me down. :(
friend has global agenda running everything maxed out...it's a beautiful thing. i want a new video card :(
should be!! :( wait for me in that video.. hahaha
kala ditahan" tar makin sakit loh. gue pngen froyo heavenly!! tp msh skt blm blh :(
i would lose my voice during my stay with chels :(
we don't club together.... thats why :(
morning..work on a saturday? :(
stop the nose block :(
i hope u get better macaroni :( lol mannn up!
right, i dont know what happened to you :( nobody knows what happened to me
mayaaaaaaaa!!!! what's wrong? i'm so mad you didn't have fun! text me :(
okeee cal ol msn cepetaaan huhuu :(
pngen akrab sm imelda therrien deh :( she's hot!
hates sleeping on the floor :(
yeaah okee iya bener? :(rt noo :( marah ya sm akuu?
how sad that i've finished my hmwk in a friday night ! : (
i wanna get #matthewthiessen trending but i can't get anyone to help me out. :(
honey, be glad you are not at home right now...no power here :(
whats wrong? :(
wondering who's goona fix my lil problem :(
i've been vetoed about the iphone :-( unless i suddenly find a pot of gold that is :-)
do you really think that or just saying it? :( <3
going on holiday today to portugal :) i'm gonna miss you :(
hahaha sorry sorry i didn't know it got a beard too :(
alright i'm off to bed. i can't wait to wear my new clothes! i shop too much :( goodnight.
happy #apple #ipad day everyone! i'm getting the 64gb wi-fi + 3g version so i still have a month :(
haha si eliss tuh kanrt hell, i think i fall in love with jacob too :(
sanams just made me lose my appetite, never eating here again.// :(
bahaha i wouldn't be surprised if they said that actually... lol but it'd make more sense if no one said hi, not just him :(
jogztatic has its pr 2 na. ohhh okay.... i needed pr for my other blogs, dun pa wala.. :( =\
y0o prituul ngambeek tlc doang yg disapa :( pagii... tlc..ers (mski cm br2)rt morning .....
awww we didn't win the sticker contest :(
i hate it when i reach home and then, after taking out all my stuff in my bag, my room will be in a mess again. :( bad bad bad.
just had an caraccident !! :(
.....textin my favorite guy....he was off today...n i ain't even in houston... :(
im so upset :( my puppy passed away :( :(
no :( but i seen urs on youtube page i was weak sed stop lian u 12 be havin me weak i miss him
sayang ko gk di bls sms aku.. :(
i really hate early morning awakedness nausea. bleh. :(
i hope your kidding :( bieber haters.1
cramp stomach..damn :(
sorry youtube have made it so that only the new youtube is available :( (youtube
off skiing for the last day. :( nice and sunny though so should b a gd day
still up.. went to cub.. now i'm back at faiths.. wondering what might or might not happen tomorrow.. more than likely- not. :( :(
that's my girl! rb "i'm having a second thought but i'll try again :( "you can't give up no... ♫
:( i didn't go to sleep til 7am yesterday... its only 4 now tho:)
omg this is killing me :(
but i really don't know about that (mmm) please tell me darl :( hallah bhso ny hha think alone byy -_-rt jealous
is feeling really hurt :(
lol my old one overheated every like 10 minutes. man i hate changing comps tho i gotta reset everything and poop. :(
you're the second tweeter tempting me with pizza i don't have :( lol
korbannya uda bnyk :( barney has been a mainstay on pbs for 10 years featuring elementary school kids , bj, scooter.
aww so does tht mean you've given up on us? :( ...
i hate you momma ! i hope my mom like mom cause is nice momma and love her son :( im jealous
hey babe not too good feel worse today :( how are u? xx
it has all sorts of special features but i can't watch em till i get my ps3 set-up in austin. :(
bosan kenapa diri mu? same like you darl :( give me b give me o give me r give me e give me = bosan
i have none :( sadly : ima turn on my twitter loc
yeah :( stupid violent crazy people.....
yepppppppppppp. :( hope janice xbb will be fine. :>
embarking on my long journey back2the north west! feel ill! really want my bed :-(
tapi tetep keren dek sunrise on the top of bromo, tapi karena mendung jadi agak ketutup kabut :(
#zodiacfacts #cancer can become fiercely jealous and possessive if they don't get enough attention! hmmmmm i agree :( attention whore here!
i wish was coming to new zealand for more than a day :( and coming to christchurch, would seriously make my life!!
this is such a fun (and fair) way of choosing ipad winners! i want that last ipad :( #websdotcom
nope wish i was home :( but its cool!
adeeee aku sedih :(
work sucks :(
i wud, i don't have aim... :(
#goodnight :(
makan apa ciw mangnya? hati2 calon penganten *teroris doonk* hehe cramp stomach..damn :(
its mine and kevins 6month :( but he might have work during the day!
sakit perut gara2 makan prawn noodle yg food republic kebanyakan sambal blacannya.. :(
i got retweeting error stuff :(
never change my phone number,if i did, i'd certainly tell u n all my close friend. tp sms lo emg g nyampe neneng.. :( sms apeu y?
rtrtrt mimpinya hachi yg bikin nangis :(
bad mood nih followers gue malah berkurang :( salah gue apaa ya
how's life, twitterbuddies? #lateff :(
yes. that's sad to know :(
i think went to sleep early :(
and harry cat's sick again... it's gonna be a sad and worried easter :(
crying thing is the only thing i can do if you broke my heart :( #anabelquotes
man only thing missing from tonight is my baby :-( #nodrunksextonight
ah cool! what's it like there? never been? hows you and the bf? x ps, come and follow me as uve abandoned me :( xx
mum's flight delay :(
awwww :( but i'm not doinq any thing
pls pls pls dont let it happen again.. i've had enough :(
tweetdeck for ipad looks cool: | only one thing missing ..................... no ipad in the uk yet :-(
why am i not on ur list anymore!? :(
:( no one to talk to
good morning patrick. same thing happened on piccadilly line when i was down in june. someone had decided to end it all :-(
aww :( go out man! :) lol! i watched pride and prejudice todayy <3 :)
my balloon popped and it all collapsed :( will try another time what happened jen? did it fall apart?
hey shanman! any way you can tell me what keg #3 won tonite? i almost got it, but some dude barely beat me to it :(
that benadryl my mom gave me has really messed up my sleeping schedule. stupid allergic reaction :(
driving to baltimore and back today...gotta bring the little foot back to her mothers' :( ima miss her!
stabby mcstab stab is back again? :(
ujug-ujug miss you :( arrrggggh
i still can't believe donnie dies in the big lebowski. hum. :(
going to bed early... got work tomorrow 8am! :(
i have a headache :(
nice. wrote a long post and had it eaten by the computer. :(
chemistry....noooooo!!! :(
i don't wanna do this anymoree :(
why me god? why me? :(
oww :(
lol i will be going within 24 months lol not long then :-( x
last day, eating pain chocolat, anybody wana pick me up from the airport tomorow????? :(
please follow me, ily :( #jasminator !!! i'm a jasmine too :)
poor little skinng miranda who nobody wants :(
biar cpt smbuh bee bosan minum obat :(
uggggh this tall fat giant bitch steppped on my foot now its blck nd blue :-(
eh eh... can't i be happy so happy :-(
:( ah iyanih nyindir betrt bukan:( ini lg pacaran nyindir ya?-_-rt iya, skrg
btw im in my mums room :) :l house is empty turns out the lilo wasny too good to sleep on :(
take me! :( finna get up and go get some ihop.
i'm sick. :( i need you. who ? t.o.p oppa ~ hahaha.
why did i get married 2... great movie!!!! i hated the ending :( im was n tears...
need much money :(
cant believe its a week since the ball!!! :-(
aw! :( omg this sounds like such a cute love story...like grease! or high school musical <3 hehe
wish my baby was still awake :(
that shit is mad far from where i'm at right now :(
hmm i need someones help. :(
aww :( listen to music. always helps me :)
