i am beyondddd tired :(
can't sleep with a hangoverrr :( whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
really tired. but i've gotta take my sister iceskating :( cba actually.
just finished filming but i'm too lazy to edit. :(
why dont u reply to all ur fans :(
i. am. so. boreddddd :(
wicked cd listen too , avenue q cd now on , need to tackle the bathroom now :( cleaning sucks , i think i should get a cleaner!
i cnt believe i overslept :(
i am getting ready to chop my legs off i just burnt them to the point that they are purple :(
is back home now...and is thinkin about what i was just told and is kinda sad now :(
all man , my ass fell asleep too early ! , i missed my babee ! , fuckk ! && idkk when imma talk to em aqain , aww man :( !
:( kk ttyl putting up the do not disturb sign on all my devices for the next hour. i need my alone time with gene/alex.
too bad i cant come for the #tlp tonight..... :(
rt*lmao* oxygen mask? tell me, how i'm supposed to breathe with no air :(
siap-siap kebogor . 5th touring black monkey evolution . sayang the yellow ga bisa dibawa :(
well jacob has left... the only person that pays attention to my tweets. this is sad. :(
ketiduraaaan :( , bngun dngn 3 mention , 4 sms , 5 missed call , 6 bbm (3456) ! skrg mandii prepare wanna watching class of the titans ˚⌣˚
hungover :( but i pulled a hot blonde american girl so it is worth it!
i want pink! :(
happy birthday i hope your day is super amazing even if you do havr to work :(
i have watched remember the titans so many times and i always seriously bawl at the end of it. its so sad. :(
emma's friend has been sick :( so she's going home now. i feel really bad and i don't know why :'(
work time i suppose :(
yeah... t,t.....they're busy in japan don't they? :(
is up & not feeling good at all :(
umm i think it was vodka, blue chilli something, rum er i'm not sure but at the time it tasted nice.think we tweeted a pic :(
f1 malaysian gp qualifying is on now, and i'm not even bothered to watch it at all. sadly, i think i'm breaking up with f1 :(
fisheye fisheye where are you?? :(
i may never be hungry again after eating that steakhouse burger from burger king :(
haha i think i just woke myself up by farting really loud... :-(
got to work today, cba as it is very cold :(
brown? you mean light green? just came back from the bengkel with my mom, poor brown co innova :(
i got a whole lot of stuff to do today.... if i could only get out of bed :(
you don't miss me :(
:( wtf! #freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight.
at jb now ... boring :(
:( how am i supposed to adapt with my surrounding when i don't know what's happening? :((
m missing al stuff v did together, dh life v lived 2gether n now m dying 2 b 2gether forever :(
omg i have a story to tell you hahaha i almost died :( mud is no good with my drunk self :(
how about my pasta, my adobo rice, my cookies? :( </3 you always break my heart
i cant stop thinking, and i cant sleep :( why does this always happen?
lol i cant i get charged hun ! :( cuz im in canada..
honey i can't click anything :( i am supposed to click at the "dark side of the moon" at the end of your blogpost, right?
is struggling to get up for workkk :(
haha sorry. :(
i know :( u left #teamryshar i failed the task :(
i want a hug :(
pdahal snin smpe rabu aku libur , tpii mlah sibug :(
:( i'm in one'a those under-the-weather type moods.
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck!!!!!! :-(
i know :(
yes ur right. i'm so bloody bored. 3 days, 2 all-nighters. air traffic control had a fire alarm. 30 mins delay more! :(
was having a lovely cuddle with my mummy then i woke up :(
just making it in and im super tired wish i had my meathead beside me right now :(
leaving to go back to mississippi tomorrow afternoon :(
good morning saturday! why are you so cold? :(
:-( #freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight.
been awake since 6 with the worlds worst hangover :(
it was like i died lol, i was a drunk sleepy... but now i am up :( was hoping my girl was up
:-( #freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight.
that's okay, chelski are going to do us i think :(
good no moving :(
its a nightmareeeeeeeeeee! :( :( :(
