nuthin i'm sick :-(
wat aree you doing. . . .without mee :(
noooo :( lack of funds. i'm just crossing my fingers that they tour afterwards. are yooou?
bowling pins didn't place :( maybe they will sell tho :)
i will never understand why anyone would cheat on the beddazzling cheryl cole :(
sweety, plz to tell dev he looks scary in that pic. :-( i like teddy bear aloha mischief dev, not i'm gonna pwnzor u dev.
so wishing i had a job and didnt max out my credit card so i could bid on new auction :(
impossibleeeee :( i have inten till late :'( bsk gmana? jadi ndak?
i really wish i could be at copelands show with you and luke :( im sure it will be stellar! have a good time!
the sun rise alr. the weather's being mean to us cca people. :(
love you boo! :) haha...we def need to hang this week :(
i'm very restless in my bed, and can't get comfy at all. wish i would just sleep! :(
masih bete gara2 jonathan out,jd mles nonton #projectrunway lg.. :(
no :( are you going to east's prom?
i think i'm gonna stop tweeting for awhile. i'm afraid i ticked him off the other night. :(
my mom pulled a hamstring at the gym so were going home :(
listening to nsync's "greatest hits" cd! on april 11th texas stadium will be destroyed. i saw nsync in concert in 1999 there. :(
lost my contacts. text me if you want me to have your number or else... don't. :(
yesssss i got it! :( sigh sigh sighhh. i'm wearing it now. haha. my mom was like.. someone's gonna steal it from you.
according to wii fit, kairi is a little over 17 lbs. that means she lost ~2 pounds! : ( the exact opposite of what i wanted to happen!
oh no omg! like 7 cops and a huge crowd near the intersection by my house. i see a bicycle under a car :( i hope everyone is ok!!!!
i'm playing scrabble on my itouch and apparently "slut" isn't an acceptable word. :(
i;m in for the chat if it's rainy in sf, which it's supposed to be :(
shutttttttt it :( what are you doing tonight?
what sucks? i forgot what i posted, sorry! :(
i reaaalllllly wish i could watch it :( i can't wait 'til my dad gets sky. i'll be glued to the telly ahaha
you have to find a rideeeee. you havent seen us in so long. :(
about to cook & imagine it's red lobster or benihanas :(
reaaaally? :/ but my skin genuinely feels like it's getting horribler :(
i know right! its not the same without frankie boyle tho :(
daaamn jus leave me all alone :( i see how it is ;-p
ohhhh :-( reviens nous en force tres tres vite :)
q:could you please help me? i wanna make a ne... a:aww :( i never had that problem. the tags n...
the weather gods didn't like me. it's now sunny and rain has stopped :(
fat people should be ashamed if i'm skinny and run and all yo ass do is stay on twitter smh :(
ugh! just noticed i did a crappy typo with your ff earlier, so sorry! :(
pause? if u were on the corner i wld be thr n 5secs!! but 4real im down 2 go out!! haven't seen u since miami :(
sacrifice=great mother! :-) once again leavin the mall wit z plenty of clothes and me nothing :-(
dramatic and disrespectful.... :(
: fuck, this is just the best, but worst day ever. :(
jennie we have some weirdo stalking your tweets to me :( lol its creepy! ring me tomorrow on your break xx
nowhereeeee, right here, where u aint been lookin :(
trying to pop hot air popcorn and my kernels are not popping very much :(
shit maaann! i never did follow fridays :( i will do them when i go on the computer tomorrow :)
aww he wont follow me either :( he only follows girls with their pictures as their icons
where oh where did my cellphone go? :(
on my way home from six flags :(
it's for a line at bingo lol. i just read this now. the 7 came in first game. i would have made 65 bucks on it! :(
yes it totally made my day :) but we're not talkin as much as we did anymore .. thats kinda sad :(
*tears* :( just watched last night ep again..... gosh *heavy sigh* :\
lol ok! i gotta work tomorrow tho :( so not toooo late ;)
♡♡ your music!! honolulu is on repeat. devo your oaf show is sold out though. :(
why is no 1 tweeting 2day? :-(
:''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''( my head hurts from crying so muchhh :(
wahooo! finished another album! i hate waiting for them to show up n the mail :( i am so impatient!
21h21 :(
2005 and that's pretty much how i was up until the start of last year :( target is back to that now the smoking's cracked
...you totally do. :(
yeah was going to go to it, but for various reasons couldn't go :( very annoyed i'd like to have seen it
my topshop wishlist came to £236 :( i wish
manitoba just scored again 2-0! :(
red ring of death on the xbox :( shes done me well.
my kitty cat is limping. :(
yeah well so.... :( at least u whipping
miss you too :(
doesnt even see my tweets ! :( </3
just feel eurrghh :( x
oh and 4) i need cheering up :(
i know :( bless her. ermmm i wouldn't say it was better. it definatly has a bigger plot & more effects but i think it takes a...
i'm planning my october trip around when i go to harry potter... sorry :( #confessfriday
