why's "no awake or online, or replying to there mobile text messages" :( :/
wanted to go for a run up pendle hill this morning but i can't even see it for the fog :(
back to what is normal... :(
haha! how cosy! i'm off to work in about 2 hours.. how fun isnt it? :(
i might not be coming later :( im not even close to finishing bio. i need to start my ps :'( and art d': another late night for me..
home alone....wishin my babe is here :(
arrgh my tooth is so sore :(
tinggal makalh ron :'( lo udh blm?rt hapid uda pada slesai blum? :( how to train a dragn pi!!rt
:( smh ain't this some bullshit!!!!
i hate being in situations like this. get me out of here :-(
sorry :( i feel that way about castiel
i miss my nephews so so much.. i want to go home!!! :(
it's f**kin cold!!!!!! i'm hating this whole wake up on weekend early thing less and less. :(
ohh fazzi, you're so lovely!! so gutted about tbs. :(
i miss my honey :(
hey guys! im so tired :( so.. i have to sleep! sweet dreams everybody! have an awesome saturday :* xoxo dg!
i miss you so much :(
smh i bet nobody even up so im tweetin to myself :(
i wanna become the british, the american, and canadian :( :)
no luck in testing multi-touch with two touch points.. all mainpulation* event are just not working in sl phone. :(
loadshedding and work; :(
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight::: :(
it took me like 4 to 5 days d: sucks doesn't it :(
aq lanang dewe i need my best : :( :(
going to cut my hair :(
owch jus got bad splinter makin somthin 4 ! :( x but he worth it jus need som1 2 ask him if can giv him his prezys at pure!
noooooooo lewis :( i can't believe i actually care about f1 nowadays. it's gr8888888
i couldn't believe they all got it so wrong :( #f1
i can't get backgrounder form cydia :( won't freaking work!
sim, but i've to take foundation studies :( you?
really upset that an ar post got "rt"ed by a murderous site, as if it was saying the opposite of what it was!!! :-(
too late :(
for some reason, i always tweet when i'm in a bad mood. :( hope you feel better.
:-( bad times. don't let them stop ya singing! tweet tweet.
sister asked me where is ws,wanna ask him over for mahjong.he went sailing... :(
i miss you so much :(
man im mad i missd da last2 episodes of rupaul's drag race :( i hope my #1 chica tatianna still there. or at least my 2nd fav jujubee.
:( dunno then i just found my sweet spot on the ice especially during playoffs
so my weekend plans got changed. bummer! i'd like a "get well soon" from all of you for my girl she's struck with fever! :(
you don't love me wahhhh :(
can't wait to watch the special features later. but shopping and tidying house comes first :( hope u have a lovely day :)
a kid :(
that cat link isnt working :(
yaampun sedih banget, sampe nangis gue :(
miss my nezindahood...@gitgitcha@raisacorinaw@gwdancer@eerdnas n yang ga exist in twitter world!! :(
me sad : ( me cry cry = (
whtie you :(
me too! dying. : (
hungry, but can't find anything i want to eat. and tired cos you woke me up. but can't sleep :( mmpphhhhh
if my phone dies, sorry :( ill find my charger tmrw, when im not so tired... hope bbydaddy dnt git mad.
oh yeah...all bad for u :(
have you heard about the lets-throw-eggs-at-jay issue? :(
i wish it were tuesday already. :(
jnan endhu dhrohama cheythe :( i once helped u wt my advise, remmbr. u owe me for tht... enittu ippo :(( kashttandu kuttyee...
haha soon soon im waiting fo my hair to dry :( its taking forever cuz its longgg
am laying in bed thinking about all the housework i have to do today!! :(
sama :( i have a thought,but hopefully its not gonna happen
def not. im in seattle & i have food poisoning :( ...unnn #mudbutt lol thaz y you up lol.#getbetta
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. < :( fml
miss my nezindahood...@gitgitcha@raisacorinaw@gwdancer@eerdnas n yang ga exist in twitter world!! :(
kids away with their dad for a few days. miss them already. me no likey :-(
you too? :( i really hope lil miss gets to feeling better soon. poor mite.
ahahaha . excusssed . im sick :(
nope, sorry :(
sorry :(
i mean u said he was a cutie so yes!!!!!!!!!!<-- :-( ____go recover yourself
i don't have ym here. tapos the desktop crashed. bv. i miss so bad :(
it's 4:32am here urgh :(
poor u :( but like u say at least u r with bf. what is bf name? is it something fun and exotic? :)
who ever of my australian followers watch nrl, pray for the eels to come back :(
still needs to do something but i am running out of joules and newtons! :(
i cant find my ipod :( somebody buy me a new one :)
womp womp woooomp :( #freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight.
sniff*sniff haching+headcche= :(
nothing..got delayed...i had to go out...and then people weren't able to play quizzes...hence :(
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. : (
yes i like wk to just to far out at the moment for work, school & my parents. :-(
just realised i have very little tweets eh ? i don't tweet as much as i used to in the past :(
planning do a new background for twitter. any ideas? :(
the one i wanted to work with tonight isnt working :( but i still look sexy!! thnx for noticing bianca
i hate being in situations like this. get me out of here :-(
cute texts have stopped :( i miss them.
i miss u so much!!!!! :(
just saw a commercial now i really want a 5 layer burrito :(
many people claimed they saw kristin kreuk but noone can gave picture proof :(
cant stop thinking about remember me :(
this is out of the norm, please don't let this flow, i can't and i should not fall in love with him, because...... :(
i think you should send me a hello before you sleep :-(
and the limo :(
these pains i've got in my stomach right now aint even a joke! come like i can't even move & i need 2 leave out my house! :(
slight headache :(
angel sumpah ngakak hahaha wah anang-kd congong -.-rt he'eh angel jahat yah :( jahat yah :(
nicenice. btw how the hell can i trick apple into giving me a new unlocked iphone? mines locked to optus :( and can't jb..fml
youre going off? :(
i don't know what to do i love you w/ everything inside of me :( 
it's colddd in my house booo hiss :( need to get a wiggle on if ima get to work on time! :/
can i get to 2900 by today ? :( yes/no no!
laser treatment in an hour :(
i wanted to watch star golden bell. and my brother is hogging the tv watching the f1 race instead :( :(
mauuuuu pulang :(
change my blog skin again..previous one got problem :( i like the previous blog skin which is fulled of ❤
eek have you been eaten alive? :( that's not good, they must love your super pale skin
so, i was watching the o.c., then i fell asleep, rewound it so i could watch it again. fell asleep again. then woke up and it was off... :(
boo i feel the same way! when am i gonna tlk to u? : (
i'm alright, really tired though :(
and he kisses funny! awww man! imma have to stop watching, lol... it's killing my fantasy! :(
i have to go :(
horrid :(
takut :(
got an email from the fruit company telling me that my special order won't come until end of april. then another telling me it's magical. :(
gutted that hamilton did so poorly in qualifying!!! :(
my electric bill is so freakin high, everynight this week i've been forgetting to turn my swagg off :(
omg you lucky bitch!!go and see it before they cancel it like its probably what will happen here :(
i am gonna miss you internet :( and ofc and xxxxxx
i think my dnt clock won't work out :( i don't have enough styrofoam / wood! :(
i'm super sad :( .. 's last day here ..going to livi for a month .. nooooooooooo!!!!!!!! :( :( :( :(
:( i cant dealllllll guys smh
aww wish i was going to see but mum's being a biatch and said i cant go :(
it is raining :( waiting for a cab to downtown east ... and the cabs are nt anywhere in sight!
iri iri :( eh welcome deh new followers-.-
owwwie. my ear is hurting real bad :(
after all these years i'm still getting screwed by sound systems :-(
ladies let us all get along sexy ladies fighting :(
no sleep this night :s and now must i go away with my dad :(
yg ce apa yg co din? sengsara yaa hidup mel :( retweet lo tuh kayak tai ! kalo gue
feeling arty... wish i could paint over my holidays.. :(
:( butuh lo banget demi ish
me too. it's really swelling up :(
dont do this to me :(
