aww 4reals that suckes!! :(
makaciyy tanteert get well soon baby abbey..kisskiss....rt my abbey got a fever :(
lol ur trick in westend was styl not funny :( lool jst buy a wig frm ace. or actually any black hair shop
it's 3:30 in the fucking morning... i'm still awake about ready to cry... fml :(
omg ! had the irse dream. i keep having nightmares :(
please, respect me!!!!!! :(
im sorry! i didnt get the thing till then :( /feels bad
i can't function on 4 hrs of sleep :(
he shouldve covered for massa when needed, wouldve loved it but he didnt n how does he repay the ferrari loyalty? :(
if you hate unfollowers :(
why r people unfollowing me? :(
follow aku fha waah, knp dak bissoo? nah,, itu dy boiy,, yg dag bsa.. :( balikin
(c0nt...) this is a p0ser & he/she trying t0 get all my besties away fr0m me :( s0 bl0cked that... :(
oh hun. :( 3 months til we have a week away! woop.
please, respect me!!!!!! :(
its hard knowing someone you dated for that long has moved on and doesnt know how i really feel, i dont like you being with other girls :(
:( raathri peythotte.. tweetillallo! cant bear to hear abt it!
take me out pleaseeeeeee :(
comp bout to die. dont feel like grabbing my charger :( lazy as heck right now.
shyit sorry bro i forgot.. i didnt like the video to much.. way to loud to hear you sing :(
i miss my sister :(
t ody awas ada alay!!rt semangat t'ody!!!! is :( :( :(
bang lo gy pake no hp yg mna ? gue mau curhat :(
: weird day.. :(
woooooo half hour left of work :) back to do it all again tomorrow though :(
lol too much money for a site isn't it? then i have to have policies and shit -.- i dun wanna be arrested :( lol
lowbatt :(
what is it? d: and what i missed drunk radio? :(
sooooo looks like i'm not sleeping again tonight. :(
damn it :( one day i'll get to hear that too... one day...
it's pouring rain and i can't sleep. :( what should i do to sleep? any suggestions?
not enough capital to start the business :( and man... land is scarce. and expensive *frowns*
haha. i want someone to make me a justin bieber skin :(
yeaa :( thts y i wanna b like yu when i grow up!
i don't want to work i don't want to work i don't want to work i don't want to work i don't want to work i don't want to work!!!!!! omg :(
i don't think i don't have the chance jasmine v. will follow me so far---- :(
funny haha tash i was up at 7.45, looks like another mixed bag for the weather today i can see a large dark cloud moving in :(
i'm sorry af right now & i wanna be on the phone :(
ah yeeaah.. wasn't too bad. was going to give you the last winner at ascot if you were still swining! too late though :(
i need someone to see the temper trap with me in july... :(
*gasp* i thought you were a nikonian :( macbookpro or canon 7d?
just remembered i have season 4 of nip/tuck in my car thanks to max....why cant i go home and watch it :(
astaaaaag suci mah :( sombong bgttrt eh gue gak sombong kan ya????? maaf :'(
thanks sweetie. i hate you right now lol. but yea i am enjoying my birthday eve. kinda feeling dizzy with the 3d glasses tho :-(
get well soon baby abbey..kisskiss....rt my abbey got a fever :(
i want a heart cup to get for but i cant read chinese :(
thanks icha :(
wow! mr. busy bee! have fun and good luck on all your shows! it's been quite some time since i've last seen you perform :(
stop wishing :( stop expecting :)
i'm from europe austria but im not on the scoreborde :(
scored over 600 points! is tourney closed to austria????
i miss my wifey :(
hope she's okay =p
cas dong cuy haha off ahh.. batere low :(
i want justins family :(
office again next week. ayoko naaaaa. pwede dito nalang kla no need to take a bath. chill. and always busog :(
just heard abt 10 gunshots outside. :( called police
stupid april fools. i avoided being fooled right up until this very moment. and it's not even the 1st anymore. :(
ohmygod, still can't believe josh farro is married.. :(
i miss that moment :(
if you hate unfollowers :(
just seen your tweets :) feel sorry for me m'love.... 10 hours at work :( bad times! lool love you bern :) <3
i was trying to perfect the slide-spin serves with a different grip, tweaked my wrist in the process :( you good at tt?
ohh sad :( yes i lik f1 but i'm not a specialist ***smiles***
has just got up but wont to go bk to bed :(
feeling a little :(
i hate saosin because saosin's songs always reminds me of you. we used to sing and listen saosin's songs in the car :(
at work....my tum is a tad bit sore...#nxa hate bananas in the mornin #ouch :(
iyaa sedih pulang dari korea :(
craving yogo w blueberries. double dutch ice cream + strawberry jam is not a good substitute :(
now i'm stuck in traffic...just wanna go home :(
yeah :(
boooooooooooo :( coursework is gayyyyyy
9ej ene chalb .. bas nemt 4 sa3at .. laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaish!! :(
was supposed to call but that headache had me passing out :( forgive me? would call now but i know your sleeping.
bukan pompienya, ly. adjonya pompi?knp dia djo? miss my doggy :(
the 2oceans has run its course..without me :( next year i not missing it!
ace. cats killed a baby rabbit :-(
:(
no i just shouldn't have alone time. i.e. walking home. i mess with my own head :(
i legit want to get to 3000 by today! :(
i'm mentally tired but my body won't allow me to sleep :(
take me out pleaseeeeeee :(
yaallah jangan tutup dulu dong please :(
me too.i wasnt prepared this holy week... :( didnt even go out of town.
oh crap i hope for your sake, and everyone's that he decides soon. :(
why? :(
still half asleep but other than that i'm good,someone has stolen the sun that we had yesterday though :( x
too much of love n care sometimes become too much 2 handle :( suffering the pain of knowin a lot of ppl who care tooooooo much right now :((
ahaha.i think i'll kena reject by her.cause she's attached to someone di :(
oh iya wid. gw emang ababil. :(
woo! i miss them :(
i'm going to miss it :( family b-day d:
not really. the doctor says it doesn't look good :(
pearl jam is too mellow for me now :/ what happened eddy :(
i dont like u :( lol naw im playin im not country at all!! tho and yea im normal but not like flav cuz he yellz alot
i need two hugs :(
tired much? really would love to jump straight back into bed,gotta take travis home :( i love him! but hes staying allll next week! wooo
i really want to, which arent you doing?have you booked it all yet? i cant biook for 2 weeks :/ i miss you too :( xx
*hehe! yes ma'am*rt u berra bring some when u comin bk! i have some mad cravin for dou.. :(
sooooo fuckin cold that as soon as i got home i sat under running hot water..... buuut i'm still cold! :(
aumgg! :(
i think its going to be a wet day in york for us all :(
so dont! i want chayley!rt so do i! :(( i want joshley back! :(
my first christmas with my husband (@eddiecraw) and his family :) but my first christmas ever away from my family :(
in this instance, with it being for personal use i would probably just leave it. it's still annoying tho :(
movies tonight to watch clash of the titans, better be good, or i'll cry :(
please, respect me!!!!!! :(
oh man! hows the wound though? :(
lmfao, we all miss f :(
ummm, why ? too big to put in pocket, doesn't have much more functionality than iphone & needs another plan 4 mobility 1 :(
i got woken up twice this after noon during my nana nap :( #gay
i wanted it for tomorrow :(
jgn dongg,ntar lecet2..hehe mnum obt naart gw pusing abis2an rin..mw pingsan di jalan...hah :(
kitty match making has been posponed til monday :(
seriously? it's really really bad? :(
whoever sings standing in the way of control or wotev its called needs to die, my sisters alarm has woken me 4 times this week! :(
q:hey do u evaa meet jb..xd? a:no :( have you?
:( why?
how come you never reply to me? :(
hey #prince hw r u ?? read ur tweet u got ur #princess so whoz she ?? i wanted 2 become ur #princess :( whoz dat lucky girl ??
watching degrassi.. by myself :-(
idk why but i still feel bad :(
oh . i have icq . but i forgot my number icq :(
have to go to my grans for my easter later , getting money instead of an egg i think :( i wanted a lindt egg, oh well
tried signing for the post but was so tired i just wrote a scribble! i hope that doesn't matter :(
some drunk girls tried to pick a fight with me when i was walking to the station scary! :(
