ehh right well iv been up fir hours already :(
#pause hold up i thought it as panamanianlol aye member me :( <-my dominican king! i miss u este :(
:( hope you got nice day tho bad start
hey, are you being sarcastic? i thought i was being not an apple geek by not pre-ordering an ipad but i can't help it. :-(
i dont know what to do now ? :(
back home again, work was.. terrible. 7:30 am, subject: late night adventures. :(
man, we have a woodlouse problem at our new place. i'm going to be dreaming about those giant dudes eating me now :(
bout to find another movie to watch. im wide awake all by myself smh! :( <u could watch that one me and ya mom made lol
gonna hit the hay. gotta wake up early tomorrow :(
i also want one stick................... :(
yes! i do! but i can't tonight! :( do you like ferry corsten btw? he's playing tonight at palladium
loh?kok bisa?ahahaha.rt haha idk :( me me me!doing what?rt i need some philantrophy!
so much for a quiet weekend. off to work i go. :(
i think my asthma is coming back :'( :'( don't feel good :(
:rt:05/04/2007 what happened to this day....i miss us :( <----- sadd ass bitch !lmbo
this #project365 is very tricky while on holidays especially after having a glass of wine. actually finding it really hard :(
our refreshment after 'fubo incident' :( sungguh mengecewakan, liebling..
at home now!!! doing english hw...ew. :( but i'm being weirdd and procrastinating :)
my burn hurts :( and my tv is making a funny noise!
srsly dnt wana work tmrw morning.. :( but i need the $mula$
a gray morning does not feel like getting up :(
im soooo tryna go back to sleep and its not happening :(
i'm sitting in the hall & listening to hindi songs .. and when my father come out he is comments on me :( << he doesn't like hindi movies
this sprite taste like vodka :(
mesmerized: i lost thousands in casino today. now, i don't know how to pay my rent and bills. :-(
why does my boyfriend hate life? :(
awww, at least yu like it. still miss ya being here tho :(
bummer! :( maybe another time...
ahhh, low battt!! :( keselll..
yea :( i hope so too!he's almost like me!he said it's good that i'm nt taken nd who knows what will b in the future!
can't sleep :-(
just woke up, and i need a wee, dean is so so so warm, i don't wanna step on my cold wooden floor :(
its raining :( and i'm meant to go shopping 2day...noooo x
in bed, wishing it was cold. :( got a lot of things to do tomorrow.
haha yeah that's true you don't wanna go lol. its like just animals like no jokee :(
shaktimaan! menu giiiuuuvv! :(
bs 3shan my mom called tza3g.. :( so serrt el beit w ma knt aba awa3eech ya galbi xd
i wish is amazing <3 i wish hed follow me but he never sees my tweets :(
im not happy but why im so tired :(
please don't forget :(
i am unrested and unmedicated. grumpy grumpy :(
fuuuuudge i have to go bagpacking at morrisons today :(
phone bout to die! :(
fighting off a cold :-( how's the weekend?
i feel like dying :( ! -- don't plaay like tht .
honey + chocolate = not a very good combination :-(
too early to get upp :( & it's raining,greatî‹
whoah! twitter! finally i get access to you hah missed you :( anyway, at the airport waiting for my flight to open its boarding, sweden next
off games for rest of trip & poss b'ton m'thon after going off 50' cliff lucky to be alive byt in a bad way :(
had an amazing dia...ive had an amazing week! :) spring break is amazing <3 2 more days of it though :( lets make it count... =]
alright thats coo i guess :(
and the dslr died :( i see more boredom. sorry if i flood yall homepage
bugis is f crowded :(
missed show again today...damn job -__- and i won't be able to listen again until wednesday :(
ujug-ujug miss you :( arrrggggh
i miss my bestfrieend :(
mang lgi kmna???aku jg low bat... :( ah bateray lowbat -_-
whaaat d: its not his diary :(
nahh they wouldn't, i went to 4 concerts in a month so they probs won't for a while haha :(
back home :(
very poignant picture :(
