poor you and me :( we have many tasks to working on it! yesterday fucking bored my friends drag me to saw bigbang at siam :(
aaaw :( (l) uur so lucky iv been tryin for ages :( xx lol
i know :(
chillin at home; bored as hell; lonley on this awesome friday night; nobody and nothing to do. :-(
#jemincruste j'aime pas les sushis :(
ran round like headless chicken now house viewing cancelled :(
its raining so awfully here :(
sedih gue :( rt@alisyafz: christoooo (lho?)
oww i just cut my gum :(
feel and look like death. drinking til 4am and then up with 4kids at 7. this is my hangover look :-( #twitpict
just got home im tired. from driving around campbelltown tryna find place :/ ugh.plus i had a toothache while i was driving and it hurt :(
oooh my 200th tweet, well it should have been more but notice that some of my tweets keep disappearing :-(
bone dies :(
#f1 lewis only got 2 laps in wets to sort this out not looking good! :-(
they tried destroying my pretty hair :(
if you're not amanda, who are you? :(
:(( so many tasks.. my thesis and etc :(
u knw u shud strt following me..dat way at least m assured u'l reply...least u cn do :(
only day with no morning rehearsals and i have work at 10 :( fml...
guten morgen :) heute jumpstylevision vol. 3 in wilhelmshaven bei strömendem regen :( ...
he doesn't want to hear him want to abuse we :( #redtweet
like legit! :(
i miss a :( saying this for the 100th time.
sorry today's had errors before it uploaded?!? took forever and i fell asleep :( if i forgot you for the link lemme know! love you all!
epl weakens :( as many top players injured at the wrong time...rooney, fabregas, drogba ,arshavin,.... :(..hope all returns for world cup..
really boring :-( nobody onl9
an invitation card to entrance exam was sent to me yesterday... i have really deep depression :( it will be so early :((
koq bisaa boort cramp stomach..damn :(
where are you ? :( today is easter fire ! xx
marto just left. he tried to throw breaking dawn out the window :(
its like a swimming pool even on full wets the cars are struggling and button out :-(
no hurry, a couple of people didn't get my mail :( just checking you got yours. hope you had a nice holiday x
i'm afraid of storms :-( #randomfact wish i could just sleep in my comfy bed..
awe yep thank ya!! i need to sleep but i just cannt :( hehe...
:( facebook aint working got to wait few hours greaat xxxxxx
yummy! but why the sad face? xd rt: :(
i envy the couples who spend their spring break together. :-(
time to say bye to hotel city.. gtg.. :(
hey, where are you getting your flash forward from? i got sucked in and then they stopped showing it :(
greetings! tried the shetland dialect link from your page but it doesn't work. :(
lol just keep provin em wrong and we cool even though you too stuck up to watch athf smh<<athf?n i am not stuck up :(
good night to me and good morning have a great saturday, mine won't be as good as you since i have to work :(
what's up? :(
i want a copy! & if possible the video of me dumpin water on irv & doin my lil dance after lmao..i miss every1 so much :(
everything used to be good now i can't believe that this has turned into something like it is :(
hello baby would end at epi 12? :(( i dont want to! :(
where's the genie at when i wished i could dance :(
pitik asuwwww diedit :( :( ................:ngacir:
jalan yoookk mit :) longweekend rumah doank :(
carente? :~ hoje eu ainda te amo. :(
i have fricking tutor tmr omg fml. i hatee morning tutor :( 845 in the morning :(
haha yes ini baru cewe baik hati ihh ksian dy na :(
gahhhhhhhhhh... updating to 3.21 :(
doesn't sending me a dm anymore :(
2hours sleep, not good! still in germany, got a while yet :(
man i am a dumbass :(
im not going to panciousss :( harus dateng ke acara keluarga sori ajey km ntar ikt?
wtf ii just spilled this drink all over my hands :-(
im so mad/sad buffalo got canceled. i rilly am!! i called off work annd everything. i wanted to see my breathe boys :(
:)
just got home. been out since like 430. dead tired :( and i'm in a panic.
would u buy me some kebab? :( mine? :)) whose wallet? tenaang, duitny ga hilang vagha..
damn!!! out of coffee..... :(
its 3:20...& i haven't talked to _____ since i came home :(
ima fuck u up, i don't like the new drunken you :-( lol
i am unhappy eaa.. :(
had fun tonight out with the boo's .. just got home and i am soo tired :( nighty night!
hay...working on a holiday!too many hassles today!i just want to die!!! :(
my car died :( now i can't even go buy easter chocolate for myself. and though i've got friends to help me, i dunno if it'll all work out.
why oh why can't i get an alternative to sky in my area i hate living in a cable free zone :(
aw. i hope he's okay. :( he'll get on. don't worry.
omg lolllllllll what did she say ? ahh im so sad cuz i have absolutely no reception so im so ... lonely :(
lol! good luck <3 i'm going over boilogy powerpoints :( we have a mock exam the first day we're back from the holiday >.> !
iya dy sbnya org baik bgt ther.cm ps qt lls sma dy slah jln.dia mnggl gara2 ovrdosis hroin :(
ok...i looked...nice, but no shower shots :(
