trouble is i have to as got t's dad and my mum & dad for dinner tomoz so gotta do work :(
so bored. i wish i could just go home! but mum will be there so i can't :(
bleurghhh five hours sleep is horrible :( squeezing/scrambling in half an hour, not dead....yet!
stop it and go away now ! :( rabutuh orang koyo kowe
omggg, i just reached charity's church. i am early ttm. :( everyone's still at home.
oo hell no the radio is playing madonna ::vouge;;:::lmao that's the name of my sexy ass purple glasses ....but madonnas old :(
i'm back from italy!! i miss choir already :(
urghhh woke up pretty early and still feel crap :(
i just wanna tell you about my feeling to you, but .... i cant :(
dude. you missed the best l experience ever :( wish u could have been here
it didn't happen at all :(
got damn, my phone trippin hard :( but i wanted u to name all of them lol.
i'm not going for the division camp either. lazy uh. :( there's no one that i really know.
at the station again :) let's hope work is busy and we make lots of money. james is doing my appraisal soon :(
alhamdulillah. dual view display monitor-televisi bisa. tapi kok telkomspeedy.com-nya error? nggak bisa nonton united chelskiy dong? :(
05/04/2007 what happened to this day....i miss us :(
missing my boyfriend so much that i've now been laying in bed for three hours trying desperately to sleep without him. fail. :(
they are so spoiled :-(
wat wud ifone be without the devteam and geohotz?only ppl wit contracts using ifones on a freak carrier :( #websdotcom
wish i could sleep :( ughhhh!!!
are u leaving us? :(
awwww! you will never pick me. :( i'm not gonna play this anymore, sorry!
i read her story 2day and i really have 2 keep tabs on stories like that especially #inmyhood :(
i feel a bit sicky :( i could do with having back in bed with me :)
that's terrible :( i think that's what my aunt had. luckily, she got all cancer removed w/surgery. but i don't think she can
darn i defs don't have the right hookups. met tonight. i was waiting at the wrong tour bus :(
ohmylanta. i miss my texting. :(
jahat sih , tapi gue sayang :(
i hate thunderstormsss :(
awwwwww i know how you feel, i'm a very poor sleeper :( no, glasgow is the only place i'm not doing any dates at!
missing him is the hardest part :-(
ha. u didn`t smh. :( maybe yu did a little bit but its koo lol
aww man :(
hilang timbul . :(
and like, im not suicidal or anything, just constantly....sad/depressed :(
oh bugger :( i don't recall my child hood attempts ever being too great either
also im being forced to socalise. dont they realise i have important adommy-based work to do?! :(
forcing myself to drink a whole bottle of rosè wine probably wasn't a good idea... very sore stomach :( snooz!!
you wouldn't think after kicking your own ass at the running, you'd have the energy to still toss and turn. :(
i am hungry! :( jack's place is slow! :( ><
boo :( they've made up for yesterday by extending it to monday now
im going to go crazy in my own house not good at all :(
and i was going to wear my purple shoez :( lol kidding!
yes :(
sucks just heard about the shooting at the concert in tampico :-( may god bless you n return u safe to ur children
so not looking forward to work in the morning :(
aww i couldn't my stupid iphone is gone remember :(
why won't you notice and follow us? im really unlucky :( ..
nobody wants me :(
windy and dark :(
is acting like she possessed its freaking me out :(
the sand goes in and my sliding now like abit rough :(
and her little boy are not well :(
kesel gue liat wall"an mantan gue sma lo! huh :(
her dad had cancer and when her dad died while rony was finishing a song he wrote for her! it was very very sad at the end :( i didnt know
yah aku jeles :( karyadi dong ke fifi ato karyadi moo? haha,itu jga ga tw jd apa kgk (cont) ht
shoddy referee in norwich game destroyed us typical :(
i just had a bad dream and i'm back up :(
haven't seen my cousin rikki allen for ages. he's so big na, i miss him. :(
sore pritha.hhert tlc doang yg disapa :( pagii... tlc..ers (mski cm br2)rt
sumpah tangan mau rontok :( tp malam kesenian 82011 sukses thanks for people who coming! finally we're done!
