kecapean :(
no! the bloody parrots off, squarking! if i get up and feed her now, i might not miss that much f1 qualifying :(
new voice messages scare me :(
one should not have to study after getting a job :(
what u doing up missy!? lol--- bored as all hell :-(
i really want to watch the last song. :( *goes to mom and shouts mommm!! buy me a cd!!* :))
no, sadly it is an in-person only kind of deal :( thanks for the support anyway
i said goodbye 8 years ago. i haven't been the same since :(
haha aw :( i hate when that happens!
yeeee, si offline msn :(
defo struggling when your up before soccer am is even on :(
i want magic fairy dust :(
omf rafa lose...i went out mid second set,really thought he had it :(
pulang :(
oh shit i made my sim pregnant :(
no please, no. don't use tetragrammaton for psd experiments. :(
sickiee poo. :( i need to acquire a new immune system. stat.
fuckkkk gotta wake up at 600 :( // meee tooo! but i gotta wake up at 5:( see you tomorrow? tho?
nothing :( fast forward to tomorrow night with devil wears prada!
argentina needs you :( :( :(
the joys of having your own business :( how's the movies going?
thank you for coming! although i did get trampled ova :(
great show tho!
sad that we r not playing it this time :( looks like the cricket fantasy game on cricinfo is sponsored by cisco :)
gutted that i'm probably gona end up missing doctor who. ah well, iplayer is my friend. i'm very tired today. :( day off tomorrow though
miss you :( xo
can anyone lend me a sata drive they're not using? even 10gb would do.i gotta install windows 7 without compromising my shitty windows xp :(
aiyo ashlyn go home already. :(
can't sleep, i've tried numerous amounts of times but it didn't work :(
adem tauuuu, rumahku khn di serpong :( iyaa dr pagi di outdoor bndr djkt serpong gerahrt (cont)
awww sorry no skype for me right now. comp in shop :( tweeting from blackberry
missing someone :-(
ihope you feel better soon :(
up.....again :(
i can't believe you're at play on a friday! i miss hearing you dj. all the djs out here are whack :(
i spent about 10 minutes looking in the mirror & i don't like what i saw... its just soo hard to eat right when i love food :(
shesh so mean :( ily though lmao
omg im watching ur ustream i wish u would callll me :(
but u wouldnt call asutralia :(
ausssssh, hand itching! and im thirsty. :( im always thirsty. tsk.
q:hey ask me anything :( a:okay sure claire bear.:))
hey ask me anything :( okay sure claire bear.:)) hello bitches and friends…ask me anything
and by in the middle i mean this book comes out on tuesday and i desperately want to own it and read it. it may have to wait till summer! :(
please armin , not now :( #asot #asot450
great evening/night w family! time 4 bed, gotta be up n 4hrs :( buenas noches!!
i wish i owned slr :(
it's quiet here. hmmmm my grandpa is here in an hour and then we can go! so no twitter for like 3 days :(
ayooo :( even the biggest #monlalfan commented #wtf don't watch. don't watch. #bhagavan #fail #waste
juz finished.. baby.. i tink i'm gonna get fat.. :( too much good food in melb..
yesh. she has a hurty. :(
let's recall the last time i called... :(
okayy so first of all.. i want to apologize to my best friends and for not telling you 2 about me movin :(
i think the only downside to the concert was waiting after for about 2 hours and 30 min for chevelle to come out but they never did :(
i lost my phone :( like forever ago. and still no new one. but when i do get one, you'll def be getting a recording. i miss you!
pun intended? ;) rt: hard to cum ? depends. imagination is hard to come by these days ! :(
i dont have your number :(
i don't know to fit in i guess i'm sorry :(
one of the only downsides to dogs their lifespan in years is just too short :-(
u and me both! that's y i want 1 so bad myself :(
i had a dream all of last night that i met but i woke up and it wasn't true :( </3 when you coming to cardiff joe?xx
ang sad kasi di natuloy today ang panunuod ng babe i love you. :(( tomorrow nalang daw. :( hayyyy :(
i don't like this at all :(
iya dit aduh ak tkt gak nyampe nh :( krm ke ak jg dong say?thx b4 :)
right now i ajust got my zodiac sign i need to add the constellation and wings... i tricked my money off at the casino :(
gunmen kill 25 in iraq. sad :(
free maurice :(
i actually want to go to the stack nowra show. i miss my friends there :(
if you miss delena :(
another weekend gone wasted. its so hot and humid here :(
i really need to sleep...but there's no time :(
just arrived at home....& i got a new poni :( and so hell fr me, but no problem anyway please take my call!!
i'm suppose to have a bath now, but i'm soooo tired! :(
heheh iya yaaah capek dh :( nmany sm yh? hhi
i got no1 to talk2 :-(
