yes i am sweetie. im trying to get you more followers. but its not working. :(
yo steff sorry cant text back i havent topped up :( whats up hun?
too cold! :(
thats when my nan died :(
well me :( but you won't help me tho..
:( sayang sekali di gramed moi yang autumn in paris abis. parah-_____- yang winter in tokyo nya ga ada-_
photo: imthesuperstar: i wished! :(
i feel like having la bodega's big breakfast! but it is almost dinner time! :(
i hate early flights :(
aww that sucks :(
mised my 23000 twet :(
yes me too but i cant watch the begining :(
gue :( my hair needs some grooming ya kan ada yg ke salon sminggu skali, itu ngapain?
emg tkng upload dah gue :( tanya ama nori itu mah.
first time ever, i miss my boyfriend so much , :(
today is not going to be a good day :( my knee is thick and stiff and aching(as is my back) so i'm staying in bed/on the couch
nope---> is everyone sleeping?? :(
can someone please entertain me now? damn lonely. :(
accutane helpppp :( pleaseeeeeeeeeeee?
dont get to celebrate chingming this year :(
god does not answer empty wishes... people please pray for manu today. please :(
didn't u say that you were going to sleep? :o give me back my sweetnight wishes then!! i ll be running out of em :(
please, respect me!!!!!! :(
imma be up 4 awhile :( :'(
lmao sounds abt right!! i saw alonzo & nacho i couldn't remember the other's names lol & i'm headed back hm now :(
i lied today.. :( its rare for me i don't like lying.. but i had to
shahid how can i impress u? because haven't got any reply from u :(
i hate growing up. because of exams, fashions, love, and other things that i don't like :(
kecapean baru pulang!! :(
webber on pole ?? i never get it right :( excuse me while i go and take my foot out of my mouth..#f1
omg! i'm so drunk... p.s... i love you. #sofiamaria #away :-( :-) :-( *tears*
missing my besties sooooo much right now! :(
goin to slp not feelin well at all. :( . need to go home and get some medicine and some love frm my moms. :) young nel over and never out...
i hate you ! i wish i never met you , ive never felt for something so worse :(
guys! attention! did someone just pm-ed you in the previous hour i am not here in front of the pc? if yes, that's not me... bitch! :(
i wanna go to illwords tonight! amsterdam, who's coming for me?? don't wanna do da train thing :-(
someone unfolloweddddd :( shoutout for shoutout? :)
there's so much studying and homework i need to do over the hols, that i'll need more time :(
this black & mild is supa stale. but i'm definitely out of cigarettes. :(
ahhh right. i'm not sure then. :(
i need money and i need it fast otherwise there's no hope of me seeing russell howard. :(
not tiredddddd :/ ughh! i don't wanna stay up :( but it feels like i will
3gs :(
all the time i'm not feeling good. headache! :( i'm going to the church with my family.
lord, ang init po... :(
i'm feeling abit sick :(
i didn't get anything in today's post. :( selling much?
i wish i could :(
i miss hanny's so hard. i feel my life will be incomplete until i get there again. :-(
being my idiotic self, i had warp 1977 on at full volume with my earphones in. now my ears hurt :(
:(
rongying: write wad
kekliang: electricity weice: nonono! write fuck
copy my slang :( #twitpict
so im home from seeing "shes out of my leage" best movie and from having all yu can eat pizza hut dont think i will eat chocy 2morow :(
ok.i just want say have fun.. :(
lost a follower :(
aww :( but you can meet them in your free time, right?
i hate this day :( i mean...not entirely
whoo actully notice me :(
oh my, my text tweets didn't come through? :(
i don't know :(
mau minjeeeem zirrt if you really loveeee your mommy, then you must watch wedding dress :(
yeah :( its not the tattoo itself that's the problem , cos my foots so swollen i'm hobbling! should be gone soon tho ;)
get to mine either today or tonight dunno who's coming like thought u knew last night :( sorry x
aaww.. moga cepet sembuh ya cutie abbey..rt my abbey got a fever :(
shopping for holiday clothes today, and my foot hurts atleast 3 hours of shopping to get through.. i hate it :(
if not now,then when? :(
