we missed most of space jam, kill me :(
kenapa???@putt97: in the hospital... wanna go pim ahhh.. :(
had an easter hunt and i missed it because of work. :(
fucked up dream.....thanks brain, for making me feel like complete shit :(
4:45am.. metrostation broke up a week ago. bummer. :( i was going to see them later this month.
bored bored bored. there's no one online :(
if you don't get that smashed again tonight i may actually cry :(
hope you're feeling a bit better this morning :( me too! xx
my ears are still ringin i can't fall asleep like this :(
photo: thelittlegirlinlove: parang ngayon lang :(
i don't understand why it does the things it does :( it almost never works on the first try for me
i think it may have been when he was younger. i have just woken up and been attacked by the eczema fairy :(
exam timetable is poo. actual poo. i have an exam on the 4th of may, and the 5th so no ft :-(
just woke up with a huge headache!! :-(
ohno. it feels wrong. or i just didn't have enough of sleep. :(
scratch that. i can't get in anymore either :(
good morning. im shattered :(
trying to do some bug patching.. and failing :(
see you soon!! i soo wish i was there! :( wow! that looks incredible.
segitu pengennya ya lo nan? :) beliin burger king dong dit.bawa ke bandung :( sency with anyone?
you're only hurting yourself. :-(
fuuulll... another note for me: stay away from any kind of party. they serve too much food.. :(
well i just found out the reason for the power cuts, they are trimming the trees over the power line.. go green you say :(
mad i missed racq anthem on 105.1 tonight :( if i had known i wouldve stayed home just to tune in.
aww. i lost a follower :(
tried to get remy the rat out of the cage to go to the vet & he bit me. hard. my finger is pouring of blood & it hurts like hell. ow :(
yes it was so annoying having advert breaks in the middle of a live race :(
mendung ! oh heloo rumaku aja terang bnderang woh jahat! alesane?rt :( gajadi?rt
miss myrt miss my nezindahood...@gitgitcha@raisacorinaw@gwdancer@eerdnas n yang ga exist in twitter world!! :(
4:15 and the dog needs more benadryl :(
aww, poor you :( i'd love to look after the baby :) xxx
hey guys! i see that everybody is preparing for easter.. here the parking is like.. empty. everybody is gone :(
saaaraa where are you :( where does the good go?
why did i get married too.. idk how i felt about it. the ending screwed it up!!!! :(
just got home from hanging with my friends from japan :) they are flying home tomorrow i will miss them :(
omg its so boring. and i cant reply on my phone, sorry :(
weather forecast is crap again :-(
shit. i shld control my diet! i've been eating fatty n heaty food. ohno :(
yeah i had fun, but not the puking part!!! i was puking half the night away, all the salmon sashimi gone!!!! :( :( :(
oh shame i forgot about that ! :( tonight im finna sing to youu !
so bored.. watching fresh prince of bel air and too tired for my comp tomorrow :(
stupid rain woke me up :(
yo no he visto brokeback mountain u.u #maricaya :(
i can't im going to the movies :( maybe after if your not out we can come say hi hi
nah i've only got for windows, sorry! it won't work with the mac version :(
