yeah it really was; the ending sucked ass :(
bosen rumah muluuu .. huuuu :(
why am i awake ?? the only opportunity i get to have a lay in since january and i'm awake at 9am :(
im good yaar..im in college n have examz frm 9th april...so stressed a bit..mera b'day plan bhi spoil ho gaya coz of examz :(
i'm awake so early due to a certain person txting me frm streak of dawn u no who u r & i have a tad of a sore head :(
dear economy, you suck. :( still looking for work. can't find shit. fucking stress sucks.
not really! go, sleep at my house! please! :(
estoy... en... mi... casa? lol i forgot my spanish already :(
eye's are stingin to f*ck! :-( ...n i don't think a mcdonalds at 4am was a good idea! :-s
its not being repeated :( just checked the tv guide and it isnt on. it should be on bbc red button though
ooh dabit! im sick :( i cadt even speak correctly oo
yeah the last song came out on wednesday! it's so cute, but sad too! i cried :( haha and i didn't end up going last night!!!
it is! :(
and msc miraculously drops down to 7 :( #f1
#nowplaying britney spears-out from under :( :(
i'm awake so early due to a cretain person txting me frm streak of dawn u no who u r & i have a tad of a sore head :(
kitty still not here :(
that sucks :(
quite disappointed with the ikea breakfast...not a meatball in sight :(
yes we are :( i think i should stay up all night in case mike's doing another chat xd
no, and even usa are not keeping their promise to take action against companies not applying sanctions to regime :(
chainsaw should be banned. especially on weekend :(
grrrrrrrr i hate my brother :(
wattup! i cant sleeep :(
why i love a strangeeeeeeeer? (@tophertalley) hahahaha... joke :(
just arrived from a hot spring resort named mainit... mainit na tubig + maiinit n araw! = masakit na katawan... :(
the ipad isn't in hd though :(
morning, silke!! have a good time at the gym! uf, it's been like ages since last time i went to mine :s i'm becoming so lazy :(
had an injury while swimming..accidentally stepped on an oyster..have a big cut..good thing im flying back to manila tom :(
aye, but it won't have the full movie on there :(
oppa, you havent been tweeting alot :( very busy?
gnight, sleep well sweet dreams, ilyamu. xoxo<3 mishu tons. :(
formula1 q1...what a disappointment :(
single apanya nih?? single again :(
arey y so chlow re... :(
:'( god i hate her :( ya rb ya rbbbb la t'9ay3 t3by ya kreeem ya r7eeeem :'(
the rapid descent through the times has begun though :( that was exciting for a little bit! :)
am gassy now.... all my chinese is gone tho :-( (no checkers or wendys / boys scoop us trip :-( lol )
aww crap, my 100th tweet turned out to be one of my pet peeves. :(
uff these xamz!!!! :( :( :(
i know, i can't stop thinking about that poor girl too. : ( soooo glad lb & cj didn't go in the end. x
damn. :( it's raining.
i live in europe, so i downloaded it. the hungarian tv aired only the 1st and 2nd season so far... :(
aww, poor you :/ i know, sorry :( i was in scotland and i couldn't get on :( xxx
good morning everyone! long day today: finish one illustration, edit my blogs, continue my comic book ...and ... clean the house :(
i hope so:) 'cause i really want to live in america, but i think my parents don't want, that i go alone. :(
and sorry. :( and i have plans already on tuesday.
i miss youu :(
why your sad?? :( what is it sweetie ??
is it morning already :( i feel like i only had an hours sleep. :( oh wait i did!!
who the others??? mclarens and hrt??? that teams means "all"? ma dai, ragazzi! e' uno sbaglio dei bambini! :(
what do you do when the one you love is so close to your heart, but so far from you? :(
:( // ♺ songbird linux support discontinued
why must you be so ridiculously good looking? it's killing me knowing i'll never see your beautiful face in real life. darn you :(
u shud have not worn the cap, we sure wud have won then :(
i'm on my way to kenilworth today. looking forward to seeing garry tie the know. got a bloody cold though! not good for my 'reading' :(
no , it's dark and da lights are off and stuff :(
why no?i think i'm going :)but i don't have date :(
haha i havs not enough net usage left :(
haha. i'm not that mean today :-( probably lead to me getting my crb revolked!
scary... this is also happening in germany :(
still no luck today all closed downstairs, even starbucks :( back to crackers. *sigh*
mine's against me :(
thanks oooh fun where in the us are u going? we have had wednesday -friday off back to work monday :(
highly unlikely for me to take one week leave :(
boss won't appreciate being locked out of the office though :(
i'm having a baad day. :(
huhu i need ya :( i'm here :) :( butuh lo banget demi ish
:( good-night..
