yoi..! harus! berenanggg ? berenang yah??? :( ajakin papi kmu ke lipo (cont)
maybe it's time for us to move on guys. :(
npcc cpl test tomorrow. very nervous! think im gonna fail considering i didn't go for most holiday trainings :( damn
hope you get it fixed soon :( if all else fails, grab a mallet and hit the fuel tank under the car. should get it started :)
awwww, that double sucks :( i just ate too though!
and for some reason went to put my foot between their food bowls and that started me off crying too :(
but i need a better delivery mechanism for my weekly fix :-( #comics
knapa km ga blg drtadi? :| bawakn :( dont forget to wear raincoat xp pulang dulu ah.
after going to the zoo, i still don't like visiting the lizards and snakes. :(
costs too much tweeting from my phone here, so i'm tweeting from my laptop. :(
left my calvin at the club :( i miss him already.
oh i hate this feeling. :( but i love it. ugh. shoot me.
weather is rubbish :( it's meant to be spring! :s how bout your end? x
lucky--neil would never come within 300 miles of where i live! everyone gets to see/meet him but me! :-(
at frost i'm wasted!!! u my nigga fo life i miss you more :( #nohomosexual
way to put me on the spot, man. :( my tweets are life changing. 0:)
well im off again :( back to boring, lonely mandurah....
i was saying hi to you kukubird :(
kak udah gakpernah dibuka lg ya? :(
insyaallah wit, takut ga di bolehin nih :( eh liat icil deeh ayo atuh cabut yu soreanrt
:(
*cuddles wit pilow* :(
iya sya egi yang sakit :(
okay.. i'm not liking what's going on with my iphone right now.. major crashes and restore errors.. :(
everyones still asleep :(
just had a great talk with miss him :(
i wish josh wouldn't get a piercing.. he looks so wonderful without any piercings. :(
ym : kangen hey baby please be on-line on your ym :( my bb is off , totally hoe! :(( i miss you
o snap. i'm sorry lady, that's awful :(
babii bosenn :(
i have tried and tried to go back to sleep but my body is just not having it at all. but i'm still tired :( this break i need a pattern bac
my life just isn't complete. i wish my beloved daniel tosh would say hello. :(
sorry :( also, niko keeps scratching at the door. why am i haveing dog issues?!?!
that sucks :(
cant sleep, got a cold and feel all horribleee :(
dat hurt :( <~~ n my hunger hurts hold dat
i hate flu. :-( i dun like having nose block, i dun like sneezing, coz it doesn't mean someone is missing me. lol.
bored. i can't sleep! :(
#nowplaying just my imagination, the cranberries :(
on my way home had a great nite ;). still missin him :(
no one pick me up :(
the harsh reality of life :(
waah...... i just got chocolate on my seat :( #fail
my body startin to hurt :(
celebrities never notice us malaysian :(
the worst part of that is that most of my family doesn't like hamish & andy :(
sedih ngeliat wtw lo sama cewe lain ! :(
oh i am the 'most lonely' person in indonesia on this long weekend , i swear its me :( :( :(
why dont i get any phto comments :(
fuck, a new commersial follower added. it's needless for me and is just only eyesore. :(
so when i open my eyez in tha mornin u betta be in queenz lol u not gonna cook for me :(
tak bisa pakai twitlongerr :(
lost contact with him :(
had a real good, chill ass day. and now i'm havin some sorta allergy attack :( fuck pollen n shit.
my dad would let me get the 41 oz skittles. :( sigh
on my way home had a great nite ;). still missin him :(
142 followers, barely anyone replies o_o :(
don't you see me? i mean my tweets? i feel so sad :( please follow me back?
sea france went on strike so now i'm not going skiing till 1am sunday, resulting in 1 less day skiing :(
talkin to save me :( lol
13 days from now will be 1 yr anniversary since u been gone baby sis , i miss u so much brittany :(
damn i wish i would have played club vball my senior year :( oh how i miss it.
you!! uv abandond me on fcbk.. abi? :(
that s no fun :( good luck
hiks hiks gw siy da daftar tapi blum bs aktifin krn kmrn bank account gw jg blum aktif :( i want my
no i didn't get to get mine. :(
i know hun...you're kinda wack for that one! lol! i think that routine might get retired soon. :-(
morning-still full of cold today :(
i was so upset :(
i think he took all the criticism personally mehaki :(
no celeb has pulled a no show before :(
no i dont feel like getting up . :( pleassee lolss
bullshit.! but shit if you "hate" me, then i cnt possibky do your oage..hmm, soo sad! :(
i only can have 3 eggs :( but i got one i wanter. the moon!
sun shinning here this mornin :-) but theres some big black clouds loomin ova the cathedral :-(
oh and my train is late so this time i probaby really will be late for work!! 3rd time unlucky apparently :(
aee. :(
before i go....what about roman?!?!?!??? :(
i feel like giving up on u. u never follow nor reply on me bcuz u never notice me :( darn it.
photo: day 82 krushers the most expensive drink of its kind. man but it tastes so good :( march 31, 2010
haha aint shit , laying down kinda hungry :( & you ?
please refollow me .. bec. i blocked u :(
sorry i cant come on time :(
hmm..ups shows ipad is in kentucky. that doesn't bode well for chances of on-time delivery. :(
omg worst day ever :( fml
dsandymariee aww thats mean to say :( yeah i know it is haha
lol its ok. was just saying hello :( dont be a stranger busy man
it's killing me how slow has been lately. c'mon guys, step it up! :(
sorry to hear that :( lemme kno when it happens lol
you forget argentina :(
twitter's deadddd :( nighty night. iloveyou andd
*marah ah ceritanya... ooouuww..iya2.. tp,wktu itu aq tak membawa twitternya :( (cont)
my feet are all cut and sore :(
im so sleepy and i cant open my eyes :(
yess, new moon :( aaand eclipse. im obsessed :) eclipse comes out 6 days b4 my bday-yayy!! i wnt mum 2 tke me :)
my nose hurts and my eyes are red and dry :(
:( go to help??
ughh i give up.. you'll never gonna follow me :(
yeahp, why? what happened? :( i wish i could help you..
hope you have a lot fun today. unfortunately i'm sick, so i can't partecipate :( but i'll see you tomorrow (or i hope for that)
hmmm :( so stressed out but everything will be alright yeah
lol, cause your right next to me! puh puh puh please dont do this to me :( < i forgot, jk! haha
~~ is not feeling well and numb :( ~~
u blocked all my friends? :-(
this is true but they're not gonna keep all 3 :( i think a barber trade,while sad,is understandable.
i wanna have sex, i need sex, i need to make a blowjob, and i need a blowjob too :( i miss my sexual active life :(.
cant log in in my ym :(
lol ya we really had good times as kids #backintheday :) && aw man i sooo didnt kno tally didnt have smoothieking!! :( so sorry
+100000000000 rt: imagination is hard to come by these days ! :(
rabbit cage be cleaned. now i need a shower, but dad used all the hot water :(
haha,next gig mungkin yah.jngan lupa undang alaskaq di insom yah.rt abis gw lgsg cabs..takut telat insom :(
they don't :(
i think i got problem with my right ear... its feel numb today...urmm... need to seek doc... :(
better then nothing :) obviously or we wouldnt talk :(
cen angel ditebak mblem :(
walkin to work :( cant be bothered lol
my dad wouldn't let me get the 41 oz skittles. :( sigh
my last day on twitter til friday :( no internet for nearly a week! i'm going to die...no access to technology full stop.
my little girl has the chicken-pox :(
henn on my shirt :-( <--- i literally just spilled some on my shirt too bro lol
km ajach :) lu follow eyke doong :) enaaakkk :( udah barusan :) udah nntn?
i can imagine!! :(
i have nothing to do :(
naaaww :( that sucks tom that really sucks! ohh any news about yo melbourne shows?
hah i wish i could, but i cant :( poo maybe going to a co-ed will help me get one :) :)
i when i'm alone in the apartment. :(
alam ko inadd mo na ko dati eh, pero nung inaccept ko, nagkaproblem yung social city :( i want to expaaaaaaaaaaand badly!:))
phone is dying :( its k. i got my cup! hahahahahah :) so dont text me! i wont answer. unless i feel like it. peace
oh no!! what's wrong? is she poorly? :(
fuck the reds! :( i wanna goout and have fun :'( miss my boo...come back rew rew na ka xx
when i was 18 it was just a layover frm here to cali...i aint get to explore atl :(
photo: faindylicious: :(
damn...i can hardly walk....and not for a good cause this time :( #notimetositatwork #worked6outofpast9days #hellhole
