ugh bored tryin 2 say up all night but im gettin sleey :(
me tuu : ( i need a night time hobby!! lol<<< umm tweeting rodney!!! #soundslikeaplan
i missed you tooooo mayoooo. i'm good. wbu? :) but, i kinda get sad when i see all the talks about the tour, & :(
siii! :(
one of the worst day of my life :-( video of the day: #liverpoolfc
posesif bgt cieeeee :-(
if you think should go to your country :(
aww, sorry babe. :( i hope the funk lifts soon and you can watch it.
i woke up on my birthday to her snuggled beside me :( i woke up yesterday thinking where the hell is speeeech ahhaa oww:(
yeah, he is the best but trust me it blows! worst movie. so disappointed :(
ireland needs you !! :(
emmm , follow back dooong :(
i slept my whole day away today!! tt woke up only at 3.30pm. :(
what a fuck? porque apple :(
wedding yesterday... the weather transpired to ruin plans for the group shots :(

had to take bride and groom out for shots between courses!
chest is killing :( x
what r u doing now? i'm bored today :(
if you think should go to your country :(
damn it, this cold is still not getting better. i'm coughing insanely. :(
i agree everything seems strange at this time :( i am up 2 hours earlier than normal!
lover had been working so hard this few days & keep injuried himself. :(
if you think should go to your country :(
oh... i've never had any problems with downloading. it's uploading that's a bitch. :(
arnie!!! :) i'm not sure if i will, i have no clue if my tv is still glitchy :(
me too :( sux ass..i also missed the video chat some days ago..
its official spread the word is gone to soon :(
lbd! hahaha gd one!!i was half dying under the sun lol n look now it's drizzling :(
in case anyone missed the news last night, the consensus of and i was unanimously... winger were poor :(
iya nin, tapi orangnya yg ga pernah aku sangka bakalan suka sama dia, and you know ? he is my bestfriend :( any solution ?
morning world. the sun is trying to shine but i can tell it's not going to last :( come on summer!
i know :(
me :( lol
man i'm tired, morning world. best dream ever, wish i didn't set my alarm though :( :( ha.
i need lab rats for my latest baking endeavor :-(
me tuu : ( i need a night time hobby!! lol
i cant find the video respond button :( (youtube
i have to pee :(
teh tya cepet sembuh jgn sakit :(
sick of all this fucking bullshit :(
im sorry :(
thanks :(
dua2ny lgsg,,kn dktn tu t4 beliny..hehehe..aduh,,jd pngn jg hahahahaha.. ttp pgn kebab ka.. :( atau surabi..rt mmm..
be back in 5 days from fort william :(
yeah :(
what happened with u? u have changed... :(
if you think should go to your country :(
listenin to flood with a belting sare heed... proper confused... tad angry at myself tbh... ahhh am jst pish the noo :(
can't find my phone :(
:( was looking forward to meeting u :( u sure u okay?
i thought it was sunday and practically killed myself falling out of bed :(
aww, i wish i could see the countdown. :( adam at #2. that's great!!
ya? din din din?????rt on the way to heaven :(
sometimes, it really juss is the end of the road :( still tho lyfe is difficult, but god is always here for us, to show us da ryte path
#f1 omg here is the red flag again!!!!!! this is like a repeat of last year happening all over :( this will be intense tomorrow!
terrible weather hear in plymouth :(
that's terribly sad. how is he now? :(
otw to imm alone now :(
i miss justin bieber please tweet :( x
i got so thrilled seeing my favorite person in the world here, but just realised you haven't been here since nov!! :( :( :(
damn you,sore throat. :(
i can't sleep! my bodies telling me it's 10 not 5 :( and i need a pee too lol xxxxx
had to have ice on my hammy all night last night, so so cold :(
how come my posts from my phone doesn't appear on my feed? i tried to register again but got no reply. pls help me:) :(
...its raining :( i hate the rain!
well... i kill juu! the most i've won is like 16 at a time :( in four days i'm up to 185sb :( makes me sad.
huh aku gk diajak ngobrol, kalian itu tega hiks :( heiii kmi suw pke crunch ‎​☺
bovvil just woke me up :(
mauu diperhatiiin g mau, disayang nolak, dibilangin yg baik blg"g usaahh", ckckck, sulliiiit yaak :(
i badly miss him.. :( it’s been one week di kami nagkita.. :(
aaaand i just read your tumblr :( i love you forever!
schoool is in like 2 dayysss , well dosnt this suck :(
is watching performance at the kcas! i'm actually screaming! i wish i was there! :( x
i am deppressed :( i need medication?
sbr y cinta,dy emg gt.hhart : ( nahlo?rt iyaaa ka hehehe ==; tp krn kyna msh
awwwhh i am sorry :( i hope you feel better soon
really dont like it :( lol
tsk* wanna go out already, then suddenly rain :( spoilllllll mood of going out now !
:( come onlineee <3
ugh my body is so warm, it hurts and i have this excruciating headache...where's my doctor im catchin a cold! *lips poked out* :(
5) the saddest thing was the kneejerk rudeness, people's quickness to judge and insult. which is why i must now unfollow :(
…crashing 4-5 times in an afternoon, and general sluggishness. :(
just got home from pan pacific hotel... and i got sun burn :( :)
a well earned night out with the 'chicks' in my fav pub last night with dj spinnin sum top tunes...oh how i miss ware :(
*sigh* looks like aperture 3 is buggy as all shit! :(
loving the features, but not loving missing images (that're still there)…
hate it wen i fink of all those ppl frm uni in bed whilst i'm on my way to my unhappy job :( #jealousy
i got in to my flickr! there is not much there :(
an not in the best mood :(
qualifying red flagged :( saaadface
heyy kay zhala re.. kuthe aahe tai ?? missng u di : ( whr r u
i have a sore throat too!! :(
think my msn has been hacked :( can't sign into it but i can get into all my other accounts! if any of my contacts see this, am i online?
nope :( he waited too long in the garage with the other big teams, and then it rained harder! #f1
ow my spring break's officialy over had a blast, great time y'all it was a dream including u f....(i love u hahaha) now back to reality :(
if you think should go to your country :(
a thousand entries and this was the best :( labours ashes to ashes poster
i'm going to miss u dominiquie a i swear ily <333 we are all going to miss u i wish i was the lasted one u hugged but it wasn't me :( ////s…
oh that sucks :( i'm so torn on whether i should go to bondi blitz, or shorefest :s
kaga gelo si onta din din din?????rt on the way to heaven :(
but who'll come to my swayambar :-(
i wish i could breathe out of my nose :(
very unimpressed that a certain someone wants to pike on tonight plans. :(
but it is so not fair if q2 pos stays :(
iyah maap de maap :( huh yeah you must be sorry!
fiuuuuh... what a pilot project..... :(
now is 150 tweets, after i tweet this becomes 151! yay <3 but still much longer to go than :(
i wish i had 1000+ followers but i doubt i'll ever get that many :(
hello :)
soo sorry i never tweeted you back i've been proper busy :/
how's holiday going. i miss you :( xx
will miss and all #parodiartis so much :(
wedding dress! lady gaga inspired! including a can! ran out of time for smoking glasses :(
im not replying to annyone right now!! sorry :( i gtg
i'll watch the night turn light blue, but it's not the same without you :(
no i'm sorry like sorry :/ :( i don't mean to get in the way i just really like you more lately sorry :(
no i didn't! :( he's been crying on and off since 30 mins ago :( he's not cute now cos they shaved his head and brows! hurhurhur!
it was a good night today, idk why but my body is tired but i can't seem to fall asleep :(
i must be awake cuz i don't have to work tomorrow. that must be what it is! has to be! i thought the vodka would make me sleepy. :(
ek hafte se curfew..mein dam ho gaya...............a riot after 20 years :(
i wantt to see personally <3 too bad its not gonna happen :(
just watching the news but not much going on here. i'm sad that garett anderson went to the dogers, really good at rbi's i will miss him :(
ooooh my god my  lowbaaaaaaaaaaat :( ga bawaa chargeran lg ,,
what's up with it? :(
i'm not impressed with the weather. :( and i don't have an umbrella...
tis isnt it, you never know, we might become okay-ish, i drag down though :( xd
good or bad thing? :(
i would never hurt an animal! i promise! :( *hopes the poor wee kitty is no longer startled.*
ahw :) i miss you too robbie. i wish he didn't graduate alreadyy :(
awww im sorry :( i'll follow you!
hey ladies. i'm up too. :( cant sleep :-( #fakepeople
