sorry but...you never answer me or my friend we're begging you all the time to follow us...but you don't :(
i am so hungry!!!! just found this in the kitchen, but i don't know how to cook :(
the vids not working for me :(
nope :-( i'm desperate for a new phone been entering every single comp for 18 months! some people seem to win loads lol!
heart.fm just rick roll'd me :(
its a japenese thingy .lol no comment (: i miss him :(
church isn't the same as it used to be...smh <-- omg what time does it finish i'm on my way nw i overslept :(
my curls has become limpy and ugly!! :( tat spray don't work! how to go to party like this! :(
i want new books to read. :(
i know! i'm a size 9/10 :(
hadohh .. feeling unwell ... :( shito !
i feel incredibly depressed for no reason at all :(
my bday was yesterday 2 but i got no happy bday 4rm u and i wished ur mam a happy bday !!!! x :(
i am crying inside as someone 'tweeted' they've kissed misha!!!! but it wasn't me!! (*crash*) that is the sound of my heart breaking! :( :(
is testing a new compaq laptop. am a diehard mac user but need a wintel for web design checks in os and browser platforms and versons :(
moo has just been sick again not keeping anything down & looks like cottage cheese coming out :-(
i need some followers :( any idea?
arrive concert #frappe at springfield on time but seems so quiet, no incognito play on list :(
-> pity the pig :(
next weekend i am hoping to cut my hair into a style. maybe dye my hair blonde/ or lighter. i want my septum back. :(
what tour you on? thought you was gonna be on aao tour the other night :( missed you man! love
dipaksa mkn drtd, i'm too full bt they dun believe me :(
didnt study today :(
chacoy glee ampe 18 . hiks gw dvd baru ampe 12 :(
sumpahh.. jkt panas bngt.. omg, can't stand da heat.. :(
kelewatan ntn icil.. gg liat perform'a alvin dde.. huhu :(
is the farm shop really going? disappointing! :(
try to hate you :(
poor wee ty has woke up with a lovely shade of green gunk coming out of his ear & eye & a temp. nhs 24 has been called :(
misses my best friends. :( mad and alex.
damit...damit!!! all they had to be is in work by 10am!! grrrrr guesss it's to much to ask :(
happy easter ;) xxxi wanna go back to bedd nd sleepppppp :) so tired :(
microeconomics22 examination tomorrow!! i'm dying!!! :(
:( maybe they were spam bots or somethn
whaat? :( haha. i'm sorry mummy.
spring break is almost over. :( i don't wanna do any homework.
i worry about you two :( hug hug, kiss kiss, hug kiss kiss hug kiss hug hug hug hug kiss lol
i am pissed of. got my bike together again and i have a prob in the cables. i had to push the 300 kg bike about 5 km. cant find the prob :(
last night was my last night in the bathtub :( gonna miss that babe :(
are you serious, its ment to be spring :(
although i know i should be in bed... :( maybe i should try
at times like these, i wish your phone worked. :(
facebook acquires divvyshot: <-- gutted :-(
fancies getting shit wrecked....mooloolaba sucks though :(
i wish i was at easterfest too :(
i hope everything is going well. miss you :(
no my mom is scared of almost all kinds of transportation :(
i just realized that i've neglected travis for a while. :(
i was speakin to peiler noir on twitter and hes like totaly famous! why cant or tweet me? :( (ly ast and miranda)x
no, i stayed home. why didn't u invite me :( you coming to the billiards tomorrow? i'll be hosting.
evelien :(
i miss uber twitter... :(
oh dear theres bugs hanging round like hell :( ah is the bobster better?
an easter bonnet, yay!! d'you know, i don't even have an egg! :(
visitors in such a hot afternoon..what were they thinking before getting out in this heat and coming over to our place :( huhh..gtg
wasn't productive this day. . fail. . :(
basically mr cook off dwm called alun a c*nt for recording an audio clip of the filming. bit much really :(
sorry :( i'm still growing
pusiiiiiing :(
wah a shocking message. and again, oversleeping. :(
why am i all sick outta no where? :( goodnight !
it really does :( a well old the buisness made it & went bankrupt.. i aint suprised. it's shite! my room is silent when it's off!
can someone help me to tell and follow me. i'm an avid fan of them. :(
lia...i can't understand that games :( huh...
:-( hang in there, lady. you know all of #phx is rootin' for ya
got a cut across my wound, freaking pain now :(
cape, mau pulang :(
so terribly bored that i signed in on msn, but there's no one to talk to. :(
i only have 70 signatures on my petition, i need more :(
oh that sucks :(
uggh . who has skype here beliebers ? i don't have contacts yet .. :(
