imiss my baby :-( . goin to sleep w| him on my mind .
annoyed the game was only on fox today :( #afl what a match!
i have tummy ache :-(
why won't you notice and follow us? im really unlucky :( ...
missin my nigga already. hopefully i can kick it with him again in this lifetime :(
ok :( ily <3
we had to write an exam about a novel and i havent finished it yet when time is over :( i wonder how many grades will i get!
shit yeah :( i was calling u
then i'd shortly sober up and realize how much more i could have done with that $600+ and be very disappointed in my decision. :(
work today again hasnt had a day off from work in 4 weeks am so tiered :(
up late. cnt sleep once again.. :( needing to be held right about now.
is a fail :(
mac my mac is old, tired and slow :( (youtube
why :( do i have too ?@stupidfreshnook
why is nobody on msn? why are you hiding from me? :(
luckyy i was supost to go :(
gosford station is a hole. im scared :(
wtf how old are we!!!! wtf y y'all fighten in the club wooooowwww!// sorry :(
crashing.... :( 
wow, snaps arghh :(
i neeeeeeeed to stop forgetting things... home to get id, back home again and left my tab open :(
urgh that's made me in a bad mood now !!!!! :(
aww..thats sad~ :(
effin gay man, can't sleep at all :( everytime i try i keep waking up, ugh i give up all nighter i guess :(
omg can somebody bring me some medicine plz...i don't feel good :(
haha no hats :( just shoes and jeans :)
i.have.to.gooooo :( but i never stop to think of the #jonasbrothers ♥
i was actually born in the us! i haven't been home yet :( but my fam is from bulacan!
now i'm doing 'nothing" :(
i don't like the sound of that. : ( what's wrong?
what a long and crazy day my back is killin me my eyes are burnin and i gotta do it all over again morrow 2 :-(
can't walk properly in my slippers.. does this mean i won't be wearing my high heels tonight? :(
when i get a job. coz im not getting paid anymore :(
sorry i feel sleep :( but there really good what u did (: thanku lysfm ninnie <3 <3
we've had words about glenn beck, but i usually just ignore her. she's a mormon and very stuck in her ways :(
great.. hiccups :(
i don't know. . dunia emang kadang kadang gak adil :( hhaha,, he eh,, knp yg cakep yg lesbi
lol thats like my family but my brother downloads all those hate vids of him :( but my little brother likes him :)
back from kingscliff... although i kinda wish i was there for a couple more days :(
back to school in 3 days ! :-(
bang buku #creativejunkies ny ga bs order online gt? hhe.. ato ntah2 mw di ebook-in,hha, ane di malaysia soalny :(
my bruise hurts everytime i bend my knee :(
oww probably it wasn't him :( i'm not a huge fan of the band so.. ah i don't who was the boy..
not a good superbru weekend for me :-(
i made it allllllll the way hm to to be scared to get out my car b/c of a deer in my yard...aint this some sh*t?!?! i'm sleepy!!!! :(
plan of this weekend gotta finish all my tasks then i gotta prepare something special for #yamapi's birthday but i have do idea now :(
nobody goes on here anymore !! :(
not satisfied with that logo u sent :( the x appears to be odd again
unfollowed :(
i want my belly button pierced so badlyy ! :(
i.have.to.gooooo :( but i never stop to think of the #jonasbrothers ♥
i accidentally step on my itouch! :(
yes i saw him holy shit he's mad. you didnt see me with anyone right? i was alone ahah poor me :(
i wish i had a fast metabolism :(
omg! my little monster buddy :( thanq! *hugs*
:( ok i couldn't come tonite , :( imma tell u about it in the am . i sowwy shay
kalo gue boleh jujur cuma lo yg gue pengen sekarang! please understand me :(
yes i am :(
kebanyakan iced thai tea bikin eneg :(
have'nt slept yet. shakly bawa9el :(
probs with my airtel number.... cant make calls or send sms.. :( #fail
so all this time was not following me :( <dnt pay no mind she blocked me! lmao
wtf ii just spilled this drink all over my hands :-(
awwww :(
in sd! washed my hair with mens shampoo and now i smell like a dude :( at least we got ice cream!
up early but! :( the light keeps waking me up, i need some curtains lol
hey look i can tweet once every 5 minutes! *grin* this sucks :(
