why do they make songs sound sad? :(
skype/text/bbm? not tired yet : (
1 theater nangis semua :(
shut up already! you never respond to me anyways! :(
rebecca made me wait 20 mins for her! :(
ow my spring break's officialy over had a blast, great time dudes it was a dream including u f.... now back to reality :(
asked to attend classes this evening.. how boring teachers are :(
why doesn't my town have a cinema where i can watch american independent movies?! wanna be in berlin right now :(
by just looking at somebody's pictures, is that cheating? :( noooooooowaaaaaaayyy.
i was trying to stay up for but its not looking likey my eyes is dummie heavy. : (
who up ? i am<<<mmmeee!!!! im at work :(
:( unfortunately, im surrounded by tons of them in my biology and chemistry class :/ sucks so badly! d:
; i caant believ i dint see yo punk ass all break! :(
deadma te!!! aq wiz tla jos0k!!! sayang ang mga gnit0ng pgkkta0n... monday my pasok n ulet!!! :(
up early loon had his hair cut iv put handles on new doors now to hoover :-(
going to the airport. here i come new york :(
you are a very lucky girl i am home bed on my own :( lol
can't beilve my luck had car accident this morning :-(
haha will see head still not over lastnights drinks :(
skamk hoe just got ragged n tagged #rocgirls style_ why can't we all jus get along :(
tomorrow came & she didn't call :( fall back time?
pfffffft rub it in why don't you?! i have work :-(
on the way to breakfast with dad and ben- i don't know why i agreed to get up this early :(
kinda hungryyyy ,mummy where's my lunch ? :(
soo tired. and no revision done today. shit :(
morning everyone :) oh what i'd give to tweet be im glasgow now :( atleast i've got olly & lloyd to look forward to in may! x
i'm going to riverside tomorrowwwww :( how long u gunna b there for!?
a big :( to steph, i woulda made u get drunk heading to work on about an hour and a half of sleep. i don't drink coffee
metro station was good :( but 30stm will cheer u up ;) let's hope they are never gonna stop!
mom's gonna sell our house... no! :(
super tired. super hungry!!!! ahhhh my tummmmmmmy :(
i accidentally fell asleep around 8, now i'm gonna be up all night. :(
still has to buy beach shorts and some summer dresses and has no time. :(
sad to know that... :( its a creepy feeling
omg, it's almost 5 and i'm still reading... but i have to stop. *sigh* i hate that i can't finish it before i go to bed. :-(
if you miss the old youtube layout :(
not an april fool! :(
thou shall not forget :( kahit sabi mo last sem that you'll laugh at/ignore me when i'm wearing different uniform alrdy :-j
i had a ledgendary night, but now i feel like absolute shit and i'm thinking... why drink? :(
i think i deff wass :-(
been trying to transfer a pic from my htc to mbp. the bluetooth pairing is failing all the time! was able to do it before the sl upgrade! :(
im freakin out.. im scared :( for many reasons.. i dont wanna be alone anywhere in thie house so im following my mom around like a puppy
if you think should go to your country :(
:( i have another sad broken heart story for you:( hope ur ready to listen :( hawaii+hot+korean+guy+broken+heart= :((
good earth organic mint tea gives me asthma attacks :(
another bad qualification from mclaren :( work to do tommorow
:( lol
#f1 me watching telecast :(
darn. :( well... night then...
i get mad too. :( mannn... i'm so pissed!! i just say this phone (the samsung jet) and its not available in the us...
: im screwed! i have a sac the first week back >< and i still havent finished homework :( lol!
missing you too baby :( x
piru is that ah street..eyyy! lol..shit i wish i was there.. :( <-heck nahh piru is ah gang better yet ah nation
i miss my father so much! :'-( <-yep i do too for 42 years now :-( me2 20 years now:(
don't like it when ppl step over my kindness :( but wtv it is, i will cont to love the unlovable ppl
lmao no :( it went more red! lmao i wanna do it blue again but i dunno wot to choose blue or purple lol x
i don't know if i'll be able to get it on dvd, i just won't be able to stop watching! and therefore crying! :(
it's my dad's birthday today,..no celebration because he's not here. . :(
head. spinnin :-(
wishes i could break this funky mood i've been in the past few days :(
i have no life :(
buka twitter di web :( buka apa sayang ? gabisa kebuka, shit
holeeey craaaap. just came face to face with a huge cockroach. woaah. :( x
hic ups :(
ah ani :( muuph ya muuph... syini syinooo peyuuuk sampe yemuuuk...
waaaa i don't wanna be like 'summer' . i'm so sorry :(
haha :( i'm so sad lol. i even had a dream about the game its stuck on my mind hah!
have made the bambinos favourite dinner and he's fallen asleep on the couch before it's ready. :(
pretty bummed the fuck out :(
my baby cut his hair :( i love it when it was in a ponytail my baby cut his hair
ok he said no cause thats fucked up that im just dropping him off and we argued :( a la verga i wanna cry..
eeeek >.< hiccups suck. :( xxxxxxxx
just got up and i can't sleep. :( booooo
twitter api not playing ball today :( messages time out and now searches (tested in seesmic and tweetie)
fingers crossed for it, sometimes they just die of shock later. but nothing you can do about it :(
boring saturday at home... :( no power also...
me too. :( i should have made a point to talk more.
by the way, we had to "walk" from pomo to nafa tcc because angela shifted over! :( and vincent no longer works for tcc. :'(
chips gue abis :(
thanks but i feel horrible :( ugh!
i've missed you too! stupid exam timetable :-(
miss you too :( aeldaaaaaaaa miss you deh :'ort yeyessssss
damn it. chemistry mpr on monday. no fun! :(
the muppets just broke up..... :-(
mikhlu, i'm nervous. you're not helping. :(
morning bitches.. catching up on all going ons from last night.. seeing as i miss everything :(
sian_123_ have i missed my 1000 tweet !!!! oh no :(
whats wrong with my eyes :(
all of my storyrt bout what? huhu i need ya :( i'm here :) :( butuh lo banget demi ish
i know, u already did a big thing for me, but could u dm it to her? i think she don't saw it :( (im sorry for my bad grammar )
always wrong :( *sigh*
if you think should go to your country :(
tomorrow came & she didn't call :( fall back time?-yes
pain pain go awaaaaay!! tummy ache :(
how can you have just one album as a fave?? i can never choose just one :(
deleted her twitter ?! :(
i juss had to get out my bed now i'm wide awake ! :( terrible .
ugh.. another commercial about abused animals. :(
sabar aja ceem :) , pasti dibales kok :) :( jangan gtu dong :(rt (cont)
home at last! sad that sade's leavin thow :(
feels like shit today :( he needs , new look, topman and a mcdonalds to make him feel better :)
xx
i think i've bruised my lips :( ? i mean purple? "thats off to work i go"
my god my tummy hurts :(
i want 's room! :(
not at all.. boring..rt oh no. yuh doa like it? :( statesboro is lame son...
lol aw thanks kyle! i can't get over it though! fml :( lol at least ur having fun in cali lol
:( i have another sad broken heart story for you:( hope ur ready to listen :( hawaii+hot+korean+guy+broke...
but i will admit some company would be nice :(
pfft you think you miss her! u got to spend camp with her! :(
flu. cough. flu. cough. no fun for a long weekend :(
oh, yeh. guess my tweets weren't enough to keep him interested. :( did unfollow you too? lol
a freaking tiny spider scared the poop out of me! :(
i hate your absence :(
gah, i just vomited again :(
i am devo..your not following me!.i dunno wat hpnd but your not anymore :(
am running out of things to watch. :-( oh wait, is disney channel showing jonas today?
they were in your fridge :) pluss someone said i'm anerexic today :(
lowbatteryyyyyyy!! :(
you inda belikan me baju baru ah :( iatah. hahahahaha
shit i woke up late :( gonna go read the last song for an hour , tweet then <33
nah big day planned as much as i'd like to stay in bed i can't :(
my homegirl finally left! i fell asleep when we were watching famguy....i'm so tired i can't even watch porn :(
if you think should go to your country :(
#shoutouts to my own bl leavin me :(
