i just called & they having breakfast :( :( its not cool....have your own and pretend like you are with them.
oh my goodness. :( that sounds horrible :(
hi to you 2 :(
i'm so glad you have that job tell me about it early starts and late finishes :-( all work work work
look forward to seeing your pics over the weekend, i'm having to sky+ and watch later. :(
pulsaaa mao abiss.. preparee belii! :(
shinee's hello baby ending... :(
i woke up to find the video but its not thereee :(
makasih tante... hihi get well soon ya yaaan ☺ ianthefatboy: gw baru sehari :( (cont)
wow guess i'll never go :-(
i didn't get to say bye :(
im sowwy gina :( i forgot you jst disappeared outa nowhere...
rare occurrence now of pob waking in night to feed...which she then proceeded to projectile vomit everywhere! fun at 5am :-(
woke up at 6 today and hates it.. i couldnt go back off to sleep :(
and with that, gentle tweetian friends, i bid you adieu. nitey nite! text me sometime!! i miss you and :(
lol i hate that part of this movie :( .
*hugs back* :( baby i have to go i will be back 2morrow okay *kisses u* i'll miss u and i love u
lotr-i time yesterday! 3+ hours sauron and the free people of middle earth fought on the screen. yay! ( and that's why i'm sleepy now.. :( )
i'm so confused right now. i don't know what to do :(
any ideas on physios at the weekend? tim & east cliff dont appear to be open :( thanks
its official won't dm me :(
ohh :( but i will make it as soon as possible :)
oww stupid stomach flu :( i know what you mean, i got it last week... not good :( just rest and relax, hope it will pass soon!
teuink. radang nampakny. sakit opo tin? ah ko2 gmn seh, mo misa malah sakit :( ke
i can't believe i feel this shit without alcohol being involved :-(
my 1st easter at home while nursing a bad back. :( am certain that impact won't be diluted by the com screen!!
kmu mau ny ap ? hehe iya kak :( main apa? ksepian y ? main yuk hehe
reading what you posted just made me sad about my fandom :( i get the joy of ranting about fox, but there's a line...
sick of change :(
why are you not replying to my txts you wang! hahaha. im back in perth atm for 30mins :( we forgot shit x] x
yep he lives in hobbs though :(
wow my missing sulcata tortoise (5yr old) looked just like that! i miss her :(
chillin wit the boyz about to jet and go to bed... long day 2morrow :-(
i followed 527 people... a hundred just followed back.. :( huhuhuhu) t_t
okkkkkkkk. hahahahas. before my school starts on the 15 of april. :(
i dont think you'll ever see this with so many followers like that. :(
yer i no :( poor christian i luv him to bits
no, the one with gerard :(
i know, i'm a bad friend, i've just been sooo out of it for awhile.. everyone in my life is suffering from it i feel :(
nuh yet...• mi feel ready fi road---) nice! where to? •me nuh kno, bed :(
i hurt myself! ouch!! that's gunna leave a mark :( i need ice..
:'(((( td pagi wafat :(
i dated a jamaican too :( every time i see a bottle of red strip i get an urge to bust a bottle over somebody's head.
met at ssc today! what a lovely surprise, i miss the 987 crew loads. :(
remind u of sumpnrt dnt mind my lcd, they say gotta buy a new one :( but this is it!!
speaking of east coast its late and i didn't get much sleep last night :( i'm going sleepppyyyyy! i love youu soul matte ♥
can't sleep :\ watching the 40-year-old virgin .. rip :(
shucks :( 2-hour curfew relaxation in riot-hit hyderabad
dinosaurs help me omg eat the scary things..... :(
this guy's shirt says "whose baby is it?"...and his girl is pregnant :(
i am bored. :(
i like how u was ignoring me to earlier i'm upset with u :(
public enemies jugaa belooom,..ketinggalan,.. :( public enemies,asalnya mau ugly truth,tp udah janji ama mw nntn brg
omg hostel t.t did you ask your mom?!? :(
what's nts? :o my group only ozz and junyu do but they do 10 only and all crappish. can share wad programe you use for flash :(
gosh. bored rights now ! going work already. :(
finally off to sleep. cuddling with my body pillow :(
awww grandpa wanted some fun :(
heyy not spam! :(
i miss you :(
mahirap ang ma in love sa taong iba naman yung gusto :( (via profaneinsanity) true, true, true :|
managed to sneak away but my punishment was comin in at 8am :( manic last nite! if ur working this weekend?...don't! lol
off work :-( ... with a manager like that who wants to stop?! lmao
imagination is hard to come by these days ! :(
i miss them :(
ugh, my plants are not yet ready yet :(
lost my iphone in a black cab last night. gutted :( #fb
missed it :(
enjoyed why did i get married too! but i left the theater feelin kinda sad! :( ....awww why
wtf! u fucker lmao bad chinky butt! she's(@lexcy_pooh) a rapist :( that's why i get relaxed on cruises
