good friday ya'll. went to mass w/ sis. then prayer. left early :( cashier in long's has super long false eyelashes. work it old lady! xd
never knew saying farewell to andrew was going to be so hard :(
school's starting to take its toll on me! exams next month already! wtf?! :(
oh maaf mbak kodok, :( i'm sorry to hear that
i regret not bringing a jacket for myself and for my sons. gosh, i didn't expect it to be colder tonight when we went out :-(
wishes lindsay lohan was still lez :( sexy crackwhore i love her
just watched clash of the titans, it crap. soo boring, the dude's not even hot :(
ate medicine but the fever nt getting any better je. saded. cannot go play kiter with boyf and his friends :(
today im in village and in here is very bad weather its raining and i hope tommorow will sun rise... : (
no direct messages :(
sudah . krang mo bspul iny ! wkwk : p berenang nh . pe laparr ! : (
sore throat :(
oh dear not good :( all the best for malaysia big hugz xxx
nooooooooooooooooooooo thats a really bad 1 :( lol
aahhhh i so want to go :( please come to alice?? lol
good morning twitterville. up early and on route to work :(
ea itu confersation ya rin? gw tkut ga bs ngikutin kl lngsung ngambil itu :( dites lah. lo ambil ea aja. byr cpt lulus
ok, now skype is connected, i can see people online, but my messages does not seem to go through :( fuck ntra
br tidur jam 5 subuh td :( pemalas!!!! :)) baru bangun..hoaemm -_-"
:( where was the city i need to know so i can make sure that i couldnt of gone
happy wedding day!! wish i could be there :( much love to you and justin!
just watched the last song and cry so bad. what a cry baby. i miss my dad :(
what a great saturday..so bored :( :( :(
i miss you guys already :( thanks for an amazing show! love you more than jim loves pat :)
so sad i'm not in atx :( my boy said its crazy!!!!<mannnnn its on fire tonite..
aw i really want to see muse live! i've heard so much about them and they were tipped to play at reading fest! they aren't :(
aww u got 44 followers :-(
haha, if only ur dear friend can drive u to hv cs. n along the way we cld have awesome aftnn tea :(
nighty night ...hopefully tomorrow will be a better day :(
:( emf now but i can't watch that vid too many flashing lights
and sleep ditches me now... have time but no sleep in eyes.... :(
it's painful :-(
not me! cause you guys suck and aren't playing in melbourne. :(
ang bagal mag downloaaaaaaad :( :))
i think has given me his sore throat! :(
nope. didn't work. :(
i miss you :(
this dude is on the floor vomittin :( goodnite
boo to that :(
rtrtrt mimpinya hachi yg bikin nangis :(
we're here but lil miss is sleeping poorly again. which means i'm sleeping poorly as well. :(
o___o are you comin to milan? when? o___o i wanna meet you! :(
awww #jonasbrothers was number 1 trending topic aww :( sad i missed it :(
optusssssss :(
i miss falling asleep to my ipod :( now i can't sleep
happy ipad day u.s only- :(
pelajaran :'(rt ajarin apa yooov ? lo mesti ajarin gue dong please :(
oh my gosh. too many unfollowers. mr. i really need your dms :-(
whoops i'm learning my bad :( ....speakn of which what u still doin up?? couldn't sleep???
damn i can still feel the drinks from lastnight on my head and haven't had much sleep :-(
up bright and early and on the grind! sooo tired but its all over at 6!! ryt now the weather is not saying much at all :(
yeahh. i've been doing a lot of that lately too. it's getting kinda tiring though. i miss the lunch crew. :(
is too busy to answer us... :(
yeah i think its unfair that the golden ticket is only for usa :(
i want to live in la or nyc or... texas! god please... : (
oh, well that sucks. :(
taxi uncle drive the wrong way. making rounds and rounds.. i am feeling giddy and nauseous now.. :(
i need to start jogging! but how to start?! :(
alice wasn't as great as everyone says it was. should have watched when in rome :(
