"rt "hungry hungry hungry hungry !!-_-"/yung maii gin lor sis? o_o"》yess,,waiting 4 khon song kao arr :(
noo passion plays gonna be over tomorrow :'( gonna be sad :( tomorrows last shows are tomorrow :(
i miss him sooooo much, he'll never understand.. :( it makes me sad that he acts this way towards me.
if u wanna meet like seriously! :(
why won't you notice and follow us? :( .
i wasn't around in 1986 :(
just heard about the shooting at the concert in tampico :-( may god bless you n return u safe to ur children
please follow it's my other account t and i really need more and more followers :(
sushi!! so near yet so far. :(
i have to go to supplementary lesson :(
nah cus mine break every week :( i wish they would last me!
i miss my :(
i recorded true blood last night and really want to watch it but the boys are playin in here so i'll have to wait till later :(
amin.. get well soon ud cha, doa jg ga lpa :( ya allah sembuhin dy :( disupport trs
gue pngen froyo heavenly!! tp msh skt blm blh :(
up for real this time, morning tweeps!
time to face the ugly music of solo studying :( wish me luck!
mine too : ( let's go!! haha
so justin dbiebs is fake??? i found it on facebook :(
i suspect itu deleted the clip of talking on the phone. :(
i took out my snake bites :( time to grow up i guess
i just can't stop loving you :(
okay, :( goodnight.
have fun babes!x love the new pic:) .. oh & follow me pleaasee? :( yuno u want to (; xx
tolong add fb aku lg , td fb km ke apus nii wktu aku lg remove" tmn.. kepencet. hehe, sorry lani :(
so bored, everyday at home ! damn it lahhs :( neh mind , have to find sometime think about school work.
cup cup cup. nang ning ning nang ning nung. kan masii banyak siswa siswi yg lain yg lebii menyenangkan kk #suasanaharu :(
i left my shirt at home :( gutted!! /via aww :( x
hey mee luvly followers x up so early!!!!!!!!! zzzzzzzzzzzz..... cause i gtg 2 a funeral :-(
watched new moon just now and its one hell of a heart attack. i hate how the movie just keeps me torn versus edward & jacob. :(
jfc. i restarted my laptop, not realizing that the mac-turning-on sound would be like deafening in this silence. way too loud for 4am. :(
-i know, i can't believe i didn't get to meet you! :( tour is going well. really busy but good :)
with c-dawwg. who is fat with her mega roses egg, :(
i feel like an english breakfast. bacon, beans, scrabbled egss and toast . stupid of mice and men :(
why can't dreams come true?!? :-(
gue malah kekenyangan abis makan bakso nih mill ;p baso mp please :(
up like blah i need to go to sleep cause in 2hrs it would make me being up for 24hrs & i'm not sleepy :(
just woke up from my name..why are my eyes burning?! :( i'm not even sleepy anymore
nope, i'm working here... :(
..nice day off 2day, but even on my day off loads to do :( but anyway, am enjoying my family today :) wish u a beautiful day, tweeps
ugh. :( please follow me
fuck off red shirt :(
aku masih nggak tau mau jual apa buat market day nanti :( padahal kan tinggal 5 hari lagi! d:
but yeah i changed my pw. they logged on with their itouchs so they'll still have access to it until they log out tho :( fmllll
i'm sick of your bad reason :(
i see ur still up!!!....my phone died :( still wanna come over?????
because i got if off this deathcore blogspot [ lolz ] and it's not mediafire or piratebay. :(
youtube, pleaseeee :(
wlao feel damn pekchek now. im sad coz hbb is finishing nxt week, im bored coz im stuck at home and i finished my fries :(
why am i waking up so early :( whos all coming today?x
lmao, i accidentally threw the weights across the gym, luckily no one was here :( bahhhaaha
ughhh fell asleep earlier now i'm up :-(
ughhh the justin shows on now but my sister wont change it cause the parra games on :(
was actually winning before it hange :(
