actions speak louder than wrds.. damn is cheatin on me on my timeline :(
is fed up!!! :(
oh ok. yea that's more than a roadtrip away :(
well i tried... :(
on my way to semarang with , ayu, and dutaaaaa. kok rasanya ga se semangat wkt ke jogja ya ren :(
so little time so much to do...have to pack..make my hair...get kanyo sumthing...then move down to lekki..all b4 3pm! long ass tingz :(
no i'm not! :(
so good :(
i am going to have to go to bed too i have to be at baseball field at 730am i wanted to sleep in :(
packing for providence then bedtime! not looking forward to getting up at 8am tomorrow! :(
cold and my feeties itch. i can't fimd my locker key for work :(
splurge2x! wish i can splurge w/u.. :(
fuck u biatch!! u sittin down with us!!! lmao u guys are wall flowers y :(
uhh im going to appear offline on msn! because of you-know-who! :(
awwww :( i wish i could be more entertaining..
well you could have tried a little bit harder i'm beginning to doubt your powers it s pouring down and on my day out : (
heh .. !! eeerrrrggghhh huufh udahh :( kenyang sekaliiiiiiii hhe.cie kmrn adda yg kngn bgt ma kiky
wow #babymama u didn't invite me? :-(
i will see it again with you. i'd basically do anything with you. why are you sick? :(
aww ive been eating chocolate alll day.. im expecting a chocolate hangover tomorrowww :(
i'm wide awake and nobody wanna party :(
yeah but i havent really talked to you in a while :(
they paid for travel, food and way too many drinks! was a great trip but sadly back in the uk now :(
annoyyeedd! :(
otw to yishun hospital with my mum and dad. :(
omggg..my ipod just died. now i'm really about to be just lying here in the dark. :(
seketika pengen mati di tempat , kejadian deh hal yang paling gue takutin :( good bye every one its time to switch off every activity :(
i lost 3 followers... :( and i can't find them (that i unfollow them)... :'(
awwwwh : ( what are they dooing?
i wish i owned slr :(
cheers i'll keep an eye out on your tweets was planning a little trip with my 6yo into town but don't fancy bus fun today :(
you're like a melody in my head that i can't keep out.. :( ♥
seems like it, i always tweet you when i see your on but nothing :(
that archer guy is a jerk! poor dude wuz shot with 4 arrows :( let him die in peace jerk!
whoa! steel panther is gonna be back on the 28th!! i really wanna go, but it's totally on a wednesday :(
i want him here but its not that simple. :( no car
i hate crying. <- me too but lately it's all i do :( fuckthat tho
i'm just not sure if it's my old iphone showing its age or if it's my hearing (too many concerts?), but sometimes i just hate phone calls :(
my cats need to stop fighting so much. my poor alfie has three rather large cuts on his head/face and it saddens me :(
apadong?nuraty bakrie apa? iss dont say that!! :(
i had plenty of sleep, but i just got an overwhelming feeling of exhaustion :(
stop it! :(
i been watchin for hours ... :(
i got a free ticket on my own, then my housing fell thru! still not going! :-(
on our way to meet alvin for movie at bugis. we are cabb-ing again.. running late.. :(
whoa my laptop just died :(
its no fun at all since i lost my ipod :(
i cannot believe how bad my head hurts :(
ipod cable on desk at work :-( might have to go in and get it! so wrong lol
but please! visit poland this time! we've been waiting to see you :(
got a cold and feel ill :(
i cant believe he is on my mind.. after all da pain he caused me i wanna see him :(
gonna go to bed soon since no one is on youtube anymore :(
what happened :( it was wack anyway but i was cute!
idol update: didi benami has been eliminated this week. huhuhu : ( sad...
dreams can bring back so many memories... :( it just proves that u don't just forget about things or people..
nada what ialways do at this time stare at my ceiling in total boredom :( y tu why u still awake its past ur bedtime >:o
aw tom that's not nice :(
nysel bgt gw ntn remember me :(
aduuuh...cheer up yaa....maybe next time will be the champion...rt dapet sms: cleo tidak menang :(
hjdfsklfhjklafhsjkl idk what to do :(
big girls shouldn't stay up late, we get extra hungry. :( can't wait for breakfast.
i was looking through some pictures from last summer i looked anorexic :(
ryeowook takut anjing ??!!! yess !! toss !! tapi donghae suka anjing gimana dong :( .. tp gw kyk ryeowook!phobia anjing !!(-̩̩̩-͡ ̗--̩̩̩͡ )
hrrrmmmm. i just don't know :(
what's wrong with laptop....... :(
hoi ngomong2 pantat! sudah lebar ini :( yo wes yang sbr mba yu hehe
orang sbr pantatnya lebar haha piiiss din
:''''( yes. i haven't studied at all :(
dnt do that :(
must've been through a lot, if only i could've given them more moral support :(
i already miss them! i miss my mom and my sister :(
drank too much water :(
enough? (: i have to go to bed it's 2am :(
i totally went to go visit you at work today but you were already off. :-(
i was reading it and then i was like "oh i'm going to favorite this" but then i was like "i really shouldn't..." but i did :(
i thought you understood :(
miss you too~ :( gw sms lo ah~ haha miss haha
i hit a bunny :(
damn...turnt down :(
someone bring me something from café breton, please. :(
tell what has to happen now :(
its still not working well ? :(
-18 f (10) <- (68) usm vire hb :(
up early to go get the hair done. hubby working again :(
bluh, woken up by a cop calling at my door at 9.15am :(
hahaha, yeah they're too cute. too bad people make coats out of them :(
says not in the mood to go out. but have to. :(
still no tweet for me! :( goodnight, anyway, cutie! lol <3
lame doodles :( oh well. if you have plans tomorrow i shall see you when you return >:}
burnt ass fukin mission my #sexiusher fuked me no ky :(
lol damn i just finished the last burger sorry :-( <we're no longer friends.... smh
cant seem to fall asleep :-(
i am downstairrs if anyone cares to join me :( pml
raining heavily at harbourfront. :(
soooo tiiiired! i need to rest :(
im not sure...i like calling u by ur normal name jasmine but i cant think of a nick name 4 u soz! :(
mpe siang, kyanya. sms yak? o,i see.mpe jm brp?rt eijke ngajar dl pagi2 :(
just got home :-(
is so sad i missed the baby turtles on the beach today :( my favourite!
sorrrry to for leaving you lonered at workk :( ily
noooooo he didn't say goodnight to me :(
i'm so damn boring. my itouch cannot sign in to facebook. :(
i was just in the kitchen cooking and cleaning. feminists around the world will now cringe and hate how i've put us back 50 years. :(
stop talking about nathan like that it's not cool nor funny at all! :(
no good? :(
what about me ?! :( ;)
suprisingly i'm soooo tired. :( good night everybody!
so i lost $30 at paigow. :( paul won $40 at roulette so we're alright. i'm getting a martini now.
#sumbodyhelp i need a swisher and if i dnt get my gudnite apple juice and blunt mixture i can't sleep :-(
something wrong with my stomach,, :(
whyyy did i wake up? now i'm not going to be able to go back to sleep! :-(
ohh okay i see you in brooklyn :(
gotta say my computer is broke. im not at home. im at my cousin's house. far away from home :(
sin sueño :s :(
knp kau tertawa di atas penderitaanku? :( ahaiiii dingin.dgn se (cont)
my cup is empty :(
apartment hunting for my dad... some random guy crashed into his motorhome leaving him homeless :( #aptlist
can i cry...? :(
but i prefer to wait to my mom, 'cause i hate to sleep alone in the house :(
i know, i know....! :-( was epic this morning around 6am, feel sorry for going to work in it!
can't find one :(
i think i won't be going to the concert.. :(
big girls shouldn't stay up late, we get extra hungry. :( can't wait for breakfast.
wea r u n ur brotherr :( yesterday n today
anak 76 siapa yang lagi ol twitter? mention gue dong bosen sumpah, pengen curhat gue :(
ive never liked april fools day. because i always believe everything everyone tells me :(
why will you want to do that re ? :(
that bt album i sent you was a fake :(
