has food poisoning, great :(
where yu at my gyal mii miizs yuh :(
mau nonton remember me :(
why r people unfollowing me? :(
unfortunately the market here wouldn't support it. we fight just to get a trader joe's :(
which i dnt posess!:(..bt ur no ans means no vdeo i gues :(
ahhh man i can't find my itouch. :( how i'm supposed to brose the net from bed? my phone is just not as good.
np matey. work/uni work! :(
daddy went to brisbane at 7pm yesterday :( and i just knew it hours before he flew off
u're right.. his eyes say it all!!he couldnt hide his pain in his eyes..no one would ever recover fr what he been thru. :(
no flash rule makes things blurry :(
liat sesuatu huhu :(
yer i know we don't no where to go though :( xx
another email + another password = nothing :-(
pelit-nya :(
ingat : orang pelit kuburan-nya sempit !
bbc aren't showing the press conference? wow, bbc tv you've sucked ass today :( #f1
i have to hurry up and take a shower now! :(
if not now,then when? :(
hmmm :( wats dat spose 2 mean?
oooh! that can never be a bad thing! silly play.com for getting it wrong :(
can't sleep !! my stomach hurts :(
hate hate hate hate hate business ethics :(
awwh. :( that sucks. yeah i don't wanna go i wanna go to grafton but that's too far away apparently. >.<
hey puppy! is this for tomorrow night? we have easter weekend visitors :-(
i hate u gd! you always make us worry! :(
gue lg melow :(
suci tuuuuh emang bener sihhhrt astaaaaag suci mah :( sombong bgttrt (cont)
just spent two hours reading the faa's regulations about medications and different medical conditions. i'm not flying anytime soon. :(
i'll only stop trying to get your reply if you tell me to. :( just one reply from you mr. bieber, it'll complete my life.
i should really go to bed, but branden is in illinois for the night and i'm lonely. :(
yah the camp abis,biasa nya jam segini waktu nya #kepompong :(
i wanna go to illwords tonight! amsterdam, who's coming for me?? don't wanna do da train thing :-(
o to the z to the y :(
i wanna get an industrial piercing reallyyy bad, but i'm too chicken!! i've seen ppl get it but its too much pain!! aw darn :( lol
icant , imight miss something haha . -- lma0 . its 0ver n0w . :(
on my way home, goodbye californiaaa! :(
shall do work now :(
burst my lip :( it really hurts :|
i have a strong urge to play on oz world, a game i haven't played on for about 5 years. why did i delete it from my computer? :(
knapa icaaa? :( why? :'(
what avril song are they playing? :(
my stomach hurts :(
just blew a tire in the middle of the freeway on my way back from link lounge :(
its almost 6am and i have been up since 2 with a sick puking little princess :( she finally went to sleep. now if only i could
maaf ya acit k bdg ya,take care.. maaf saya gbs ikut :(
my copy won't. :( and "bits and pieces" is not very specific.
nope coz i don't have eyeliner so much anymore : (
wondering what tweet i'm gonna write tomorrow :(
phonetiks paper 2007-2008 is so hard :( -pull hairs-
:( im sorry for you.. so now you're in holiday?
i know. i hate at. all my peeps are over there. : (
thank you, need hugs :) yeah been here before just need to be firm but easier said than done, want the fairytale :(
got lots to do this weekend in regards getting my house in order for isabelle's 1st birthday party next saturday! 20 kids ekkk i am mad :(
i know :( she's seems a bit more stuck up nowadays.. and that's just the thing she said she would avoid!
ok so my phone just died and i plugged it in but idk how to turn it back on :( and i was on the phone....deep convo
oh. i asked dat only once.. may be som tech prblm..den i must be disturbin u :-( really sorry
twitter jail again -.- cos i keep tweeting too many times. he's still not following me :(
ok my brother just saw my results.. and he said he has to cut down my bball training no no no :(
*hugs* that's what happens to me...i just think of things that hurt and then it all comes out :( lp is working it's magic tho.
