at work bored :-(
my heart really hurts tonight :( whats wrong with me
i think i found a reasonable place to fix my window just gonna have to wait till next friday :(
yeah, but i had to kind of rush before they closed. :(
i'm a belieber and a #jasminator (: i love !! <3 i wish she would follow me :(
just got off the xbox with bou just lay dwn n listen to iheartradio but idk wat station. :( hopefully i find a gd station.
i only had 3 cookies :(
when will it ever stop raining :( #rain
c'mon everyone help me get to 1000, i look at 's amount and wanna cry :( hahahah
muaaah juga-_-rt muaahrt kiss me kiss me say that you'll miss me :(
hope i can be that one...rt i need someone to hold my hand when i'm cryin'.... :(
so sick and yucky :( i need to get better for tomorrow!
wanna cook tonight but bf is in china working and i can't eat a rack of ribs on my own :-(
oh how i miss the free-flowing coffee at brews almighty :-(
i can almost guarantee that has never seen my tweets!!!!!! :( i might find my self crying myself to sleep :(( but prolly not
hmm, my neck hurts. :s sorry i haven't been updating twitter :(
can smell ma delicious breakfast but canny be bothered gettin out ma cosey bed tae get it :( breakfast in bed please thanks?<3
:( sorry i was in the bathroom. what's wrong??
oh well, he's gay! hehehehe! grrrrr! i'll check his twitter, he's been insulting noynoy rin :( good thing may lumaban :)
our host has been a bit sick and needs a night in, otherwise i'd love to come down and catch up :(
hate sleeping w.o him :( trip was faster than usual king of prussia mall tomorrow hopefully! *fingers crossed*
c'mon everyone help me get to 1000, i look at 's amount and wanna cry :( hahahah
me too :(
u guys look fantabulous! sorry i didn't make it to the entire show but i was soooooo done! if u couldn't tell already :(
where did the best picture ever go? :(
fell asleep on me, looks like she screwed me outta spooning :( god damn i was looking forward to forking too smh
subhanallah perut melilit hbs mkn somay+bumbu kacang :(
i am not feeling the amy love from the cast y'know, i feel bad for her :(
dnt mind my lcd, they say gotta buy a new one :( but this is it!!
ooouuww..iya2.. tp,wktu itu aq tak membawa twitternya :( uuuhhh,maap yaa
christina!!! why auto-tune!!!! spoil lah... :( new single just like gaga n britney!!
off to work now :( laters x
:-( love one another
ya dude... now wat to do??? :(
you tricked me i fell victim to the siren songs of you two and ye dashed me pon da rocks! i'm going to leave now. :(
aww i miss you too :(
goodmorning, cleaning sporting, visiting that is my easter !! baby i miss you :-(
i wish i was born earlier man... like maybe in 1996. stupid one year :(
allready awake :( waaaaay to early but so excited for tonight!! wooooooot..i'll do a powernap later :)
i should :(
that's mean.... :(
had a lovely time with all the family last night, now up for work :-( sooo tired! can't wait to get home for early night with lee x xx
hey i wasnt mean :(
miss-x asked: hellow.. i’m bored to! :( what r u doing?
she's(@lexcy_pooh) a rapist :( that's why i get relaxed on cruises
true fact :(
i just got in the crib...my phones been dead :( how was the movie?
damn! outside of studio they say it's closed amd won't let me in. can someone come out? :-(
oooh no it`s the part where they kill the women * covers eyes * :( .
:( sometimes a girl isn't enough...i need a big tall man to help me sleep better...i miss the comfort of spooning
not good, i haven't being able to study since, i've being swamped with work :( mostly front end.
i meant the tacos bro lol ....oh :-(
no, honestly. my bff's dad just met with a horrible accident. :(
night guys. i.. um.. dont have a girl waiting for me :( but night. -nick
i need him rite now and he doesn't know it :-(
i hope you gonna follow mee :( please jasmine #jasminator
boo..... i wish i were there too :( just had a photoshoot..wish you were here :(
what weekend curse is it? never ending sleepy eyes... :(
i miss you, where are you now? : (
just landed yay...but in dublin, stupid 2 hour coach now. i just want my bed :(
