whuah..msa sendirian??? gk ada cwoknya??hhe.. paling sendiri bel..hiks :(
can't believe it's now over two years since andy hallett died... wow :(
bummer :( can't sign up to cobracrew
really soon! i'm so sorry been so busy latley :(
hey,i'm here :( !
photo: comic-relief: :(
i don't know why i don't like people using iphone and use facebook. is like am i jealous or what :(
wants 2 put tatu :(
ugh. can't sleep. gotta go fishing in a few hours :-(
who???? me???? :(
:( inaaway niyo ko lahat. ajujuju. i really fail at this. hahaha pa-cornify ka pa muna lalo. whut. xd...
huhu. thunderstorm. :( hirap tuloy matulog.
hold on :) that's yummy! but for a while i can't eat something sour :( :( rt: sour sally??
if i could have the mentality of a guy and not show emotions, i'd be good money. =/ <<<same here boo :(
ain't ask me if i wanted to see a movie :(
ughhhh i hate how short this break is. it's not fair!!! :(
lol! i really wish it was still going :( i've seen all the episodes but they're still funny
i want to live in la or nyc or... texas! god please... : (
:( jangar tihrt hahaha ah lemah nih moseees kayanya pindah kuliah :((
yeah monday foshoo! neta bitch dont talk shit if you dont know! the moms gunna fuck me up :( night (4u)
just made paancakes, tough job though!! when i was flipping it...it fell on the floor and splattered everywhere :( had to clean it up
aww what stuff have you gotta do :(
brand new makes me feel better. semi. wish he would've stayed. i'm so cold and lonely. :( now i get all the bed like i've been bitching for.
think maisie caught my bug! :( trigga is just eyeing up my digestive biscuit i'm enjoying with a cuppa watchin formula 1!
me neither :(
yeah, i'm coughing up lots of nasty stuff :(
come backkkk. :(
feeling like a schmuck for possibly leaving it too late to register to vote for uk elections :(
the link doesn't seem to work :( i wanna hear it!
idol update: didi benami has been eliminated this week. huhuhu : ( sad...
i'm not gonna lie i'm jealous of ya'lls happy hourzzzz :( invite me next!
i don't want hello baby to end :-( what am i going to watch when im bumming around at home? yes, i'm selfish that way. i'll miss yoogeunnie!
i owe and all hugs from earlier today :( cause i slacked and acted like a stranger. sorry guys !
me either :( wish i had a j to put me to sleep
good morning.......feeling a lil :( this morning but i spose it all comes down to choices!!
ironic how hes stopped playing now im awake but wouldnt stop while i was asleep :(
ugh, it's pretty horrible when you do catch them though. :(
$oh, kool yeahp im just working trying to stop my bad habits which is spending money and not saving it :( but ima be coo$
dear buddha,help me pass this 1 course.i'll make a promise to u &! myself that there will be no more slacking!my word on it. just please :(
turn it up, and hallelujah = right path to take. not this hands up shit :(
shut the fuck up! asshole. :(
q:this tree came down and took out the power for 10 hrs. i had to b... a:awwwwwwww im sorry :(
i waant my hair like this again i miss my purple hair :(
ohshit! somebody made a fb account and used my name and my picture! damn, i hate posers. :| i only have 1 account. :(
that agape love is what god gives me...could a man really give me agape love 2? hmmmmm >> won't ever compare :( :)
listening to angels by karl christop. i am literally crying. :( saddest song i've ever listened to.
i hate how i always lose things :(
i got a new phonee :( no contactsssss! new number /0423596398
why are you single?? :(
i understand... its not easy, but give it time, i personally am having pbs with the deadline... :(
i love and i will mean the world to me if he followed me but i know he will never notice me :( but please justin follow me
lagi ga mood nge chat he he bales ym saya dong :(
today's the match of the year in english premier league manchester united vs chelsea and no rooney :(
i know right... :(
just got home, had a funn night :) tony and his friends making fun of me :( but its cool! haha
i feel
left out the eeeeeeeeeeeeee party :(
funny, until you realize it's true. then it's just sad :(
i know that dumping my boyfriend was the right thing but still sad :( is there anyone that will make my life happy again?
but no :-( there's no place like home....
i cant do it all week i have stuff to do :(
lol.. unfortunatellyyy im in semarang... far far away from surabayaaa :( have fun with the photosession ,,with jeong hoon, right?
my braces are starting to hurt :(
my head is starting to hurt. no bueno :(
(well...to be fair, no one wasn't sure if it was armored. :( )
none of you would understand :(
so much of so many bad things piling up i'm losing it :(
i never thought about that... i dont trust me at all now... thx alot : (
tomorrow is a holiday again...hurreyyy....but spcl classes :-(
i hate themm....
i miss youuu aaaa :( #qft
well, we have naman but my favorite one's on vacay :( ohwell.
whole day labs..morning electronics...and drawing in the afternoon :( #fb
mimpinya hachi yg bikin nangis :(
