oh man i can't sleep. i keep sneezing :( i'm totally going to sleep in tomorrow. allergies go away!!!
not fairrrrrr! :( so emo right nowwwww! :( :(
not felt this hungover in a long time and i have work, and being on a till means no escaping to the toilet to whitey :(
good morning to you! looking forward to this session, though got a hangover :( #f1
:( get some rest babe. ill text you a funny story tomorrow
three texts.. thats all im werth :(
i got one of the doo da doo bracelets! i wanted to show you but you left when i got up to you :(
my five year old cousin broke her nose skate-boarding :(
nah..... :(
where the fuck are you now that i need you? :(
just awake. couldn't sleep actually. my cousine died yesterday, she had the cancer disease. i'll miss her :(
i burned my tounge today and it still hurts hella bad :(
it just feels so different, now. :(
not me. i wont be able to make it. and i cant drink anyway :(
hello when r u going to reply my message :( :( :(
anyone know the degrees tomorrow?! i cbf checking :(
because twitter worldwide is too big :(
i apologize. i have failed you :( next time you come, you need to try the food though!
home alone again :(
lhooh :( yg tak maksu deaaa ak kan? yampun makasi lho :') ini yg dipuji sapa yg
oh please my dear jasmin, i'm begging you. please tweet back or follow me :( i keep on tweeting this whole day.
sis said im fat again :( she say i'm hopeless. looll. got so bad or not?
just got home and my legs hurt. and i feel sick again. i thought i'm ok na.. :(
lolz man i just got over a kold now this :(
ok well yep my voice is completely gone today! :( that's means no good morning voice notes again arrrr lol
it's cold :(
riiight. hate when that happens :(
i cant remember the score. the eels havent scored yet but, and the sharls have. so the sharks are winning. :(
there are no all ages clubs in vegas punkkk lol :(
boseeeen :(
yeah i no right :(
xams starting from 16th april!!! damn scared!! :(
got home about 10 minutes ago, im exhausted. tomorow i have so much to do in so little time :(
hungry! knew it would happen. :(
shower felt great, but my arms r sore as hell :-(
my ears hurt :(
twiteran paling enak tuh pake uber twiter aza bro :) why can't i post a pic with t4bb? :(
need to go to bed; gots practice earlyy tomorrow morning :(
yayyy! you included singapore! reply me please? :( i loved your dress at the kcass!
revised literally all day. not much fun, but i'll have to live with it :( it's getting hard to fill 140 spaces. i'm too boring for this now.
todo los dias se bebe!!-- too bad i don't like to :( haaahaa
fuc*k with my ego..again and again..!! :(
i'd love to adore in concert... i keep hearing how brilliant he is live. sad that he's not touring perth! :(
you didn't see my tweet :( ayee? bulgaria loves you jasmine <3
i want to drink with you :( while blasting brokencyde :)
sureee u in the middle? wrddd all 3 of us lol when we gonna cuddle up? :(
:( what's wrong?
its 12 o'clock and i have to be up at 7 tomorrow. why am i not asleep? or better yet, why am i not tired? maybe it was that coffee...damn :(
it's only 2:21 am :(
dear sg-u why waste a perfectly good episode with a sappy musical montage ending? :(
no no!!!! please don't do that!!!!kasian yg liat :( ...rt@tubies: lagi nunggu dimobil diluar hujan (cont)
i feel so bad noww :(
i was looking for classes but they don't have the program i use :( it's all the advanced ones.. i'll try youtube :)
my best friend's leaving for vacation to myrtle beach sc sunday... for a week, what am i gonna do?!? :( seriously... >.>
yg betoii?rt pg klaot ma cew2 :( knpa lg wanda? ma kwanin dy mata" in wanda --"
why im not beinq followed baq :(
ehen buh u r not here now abi?? :( lmao..u knw dazz nt true!! igba ti iwo na fimile si (cont)
arrive at yangon airport.... time to go back sg :(
but u didn't see ireland :(
i tried to i've went thru 2 tubes already :(
i hate the bew layout. it sux and its confusing. just like how the facebook one was :(
