tp seru abs cath.. ya khan? we only went to safariii :(
can you stop making me smile so much!! my jaws hurt :(
all shops r reporting tht they'll get stocks of #5740g only after 10 april. my purchase plan is now officially postponed. :-(
yeah i know but idk why she can't follow us :(
hope it's just a few spots :(
heavy rain was amazing. the only bad thing bout it is that it ends! :(
much pain :(
kaulah segalanya by ruth sahanaya... : (
i hate being in situations like this. get me out of here :-(
yesssss :( .
really is one hoperess case. cannot like that lah, averil soh!!! :(
dang it! powers off... :(
is trying to handle dutch temperatures :(
crap, i think the hard drive is dying :(
single apanya nih?? main bulu tangkis?? single again :(
i've been teaching kindergarten too long. i cried during kindergarten cop last night :(
:( awww
mimpiku kayak flashback. omigosh i miss it so much :(
still awake.. didnt finish all my homework :( in need of my man and nothing smh
good #fridaydrinks last night, bit of a sore head now :( about to head to leicester with for my nieces 2nd birthday good times..
my money's back, but the thieves havent caught yet :(
so..jgn pernah blg gw ga prnh ngajak ya ismail saleh :) besok pagi take off ke surabaya :( (cont)
back to my toxic world!! :(
can't find the mirror :(
i am upset now : (
oh no. yuh doa like it? :( statesboro is lame son...
another sad night n eishaville :( #freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight.
i look like a kid. no more volume sia. :(
my ls pla kanian?? haizt! sayang nman.... :(
says this acknowledgment writing is getting me nostalgic.. :(
yah! studying will make this so called holiday at my 2nd home great fun!! lol, miss you :(
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. << :(
watching chelsea lately now :) i got woken up by a delivery man :(
been awake for 4 hours then i'm watching the grand prix, what's going on in my life :(
dude, i really wanna see him and make this up to him ! (; lol jay kay but i do wanna see him so i can apologize for being a retard :(
found an old picture of me. when i was in standard 5. hmm. i still look the same. :(
cardiological darwinism.// im waiting you hun :(
haha no ! done but can't watch it until tuesday..xms :(
last night to go to bed late then sleep in :( i miss spring break already haha can't wait for summer....night
too tired my eyes are sore only managed 3 or 4 hours sleep last night :(
lappy pls be ok :( and yuppp, it's really ending.
oh no!!! :( quick get to a chemist & stock up today while u can! calpol, camomile, & newsagent 4 lots & lots of chocolate :)
anyone have a #k1 stream? :(
soo boring :( & chris sabin 4 ever ♥__♥
yg cwe mel :( yg ce apa yg co din? sengsara yaa hidup mel :(
not the best day guys :-(
this is the day wherein the titans clashed :)))) waaaa. i can't wait to watch it! :(
wow. 63% of people have never had an std test. if only that same percentage were in monogamous relationships. :(
lol i wish, it has rained none stop for last week here :(
i want cereal , ugh ! richard drank all the milk :-( #blown
totally essential, i just wish i didn't feel so cemented down by mine. :(
aww :( wish i could help
sereem bgt orgnya pada jengotan :( aart hahaha copoo nntn clash of the titans ampe tutup mata wakakakaka
wishes you to be here with me. :( especially when times go bad :(
soo i
can't sleep now :(
yup something bothering you? :(
yeah i know. just have some bad memories in there :(
that was the waterboys, not radiohead :(
oh! sorry my bad.. :( next time i will try ur favorite.. thanks saab!
teeth feel like they're about to fall out, but they're not really too sore? i tweet about sore teeth too much i'm sorry :(
>.< my hand hurts :( such dry skin that its cracking on my right hand nd bleeding...i hate my skin everywhere but my face
how was it? <- good look. i missed nas & jada though :( about to hit cafeteria.
aduh bad mood :(
ahhh too much food sooo full :(
mampos lar pulsa nya abis :(
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight. >>. :-(
