so i wrote something nice for jensen and he couldn't sign it :( #jibcon
everyone knows that you an i like each other except, well... you and i. :(
uh...last laps...shame that lucas wasn't able to go to the track at the beginning :(
:-( u jius left me like dat! lol... damnit man!! now ima have to follow u 2 keep up witcha. lol. and yea was get'n it in!
chinese makes me feel like dying. so much for living like i'm dying. :(
okay jasmine fever is finally over :( too bad i do not succeed on getting her attention.
this brings a whole new meaning to 'wish you were here'! :(
oh great, been woken up nice and early by virgin media men! thanks :(
:( îƒ #freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight.
napa kamu tiaa??rt feel unhealthy :(
i just caught the last hour or so of lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring, and the effects were so much worse than i remembered. :(
hella shitty night :(
seeppiii :( bo" ae uiss..podo q io iki y__y
baby that says the same thing lol :( i feel slow
sorry that you are left alone :(
ze aches and pains... i'm growing old :(
i am :(
we're going to leave this country exactly in the next 1 hour :(
i'm sorry i am sad i'm still here :(
looks like a disastrous call by #mclaren :-( left it too late
haha thanks :( boo crap day alert! last night wasn't too bad actually :)
is gonna have terrible skin when schl starts cause i'm always too lazy to wash off my makeup before bed. ohman :(
i like koe o, i just dont like that big bang are the ones who sang it :( this image is so not them jfskdlfskdjf also in their
:( idk. i also don't want 12 :(
my easter weekend alone with has now gone down the drain :( stupid brother n his gf >:(
lol i'm not upp zzzzzz!! i just came from brkfast :(
:: miss ma dedy :(
1.54 from lewis #f1 :-(
sitting in the kitchen at work. i just took a really bad dizzy spell and my head is pounding :(
i cant get used to it :(
so i have to wait a couple of years :(
omg juss finished plucking my eyebrows! hurts so bad....ugh cant go to sleep!!!! :-(
i'm going to the beach today. :(
i wanted to see that today :(
soooo dissapointed on how "why did i get married 2 ended :(
ahhhh throat hurts :(
rip my long hair :(
thank you, i'm sorry for you too. :( yes it's true, i agree with you !!! lol
we didn't find eachother!!! :(
taking public. :(
i want nicky on :(
#nowplaying my heart. huhuu gak rela josh nikah :(
too scared to sleep.. that is one big ass bug on my wall i just saw.. boo :( :( :( soaivnas'odvsadv gah :(
crossword puzzles are not for me :(
i need a pain killer rite now .. erghh :(
silver!rt brown? you mean light green? just came back from the bengkel with my mom, poor brown co innova :(
didn't mean to wake her :(
:( whats your url there ill add you
see i event spell twit wrong :( i know... is tweet
:( wtf! #freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight.
milk, yogurt, and cheese are okay. but cream, ice cream, mayo, and apparently cheesecake can hurt my insides. :(
but, i don't want to make you even more tired. :( i'm just afraid of letting something so good slip through my fingers. i'm
think i slept on a funny position on my neck last night because it's absolutely killing this morning :(
my teeth hurt :(
this is da momennts i really wished i lived on my own :( ughh
its been way too long since rose & i talked on the phone. i miss it :(
my god. how rude. :(
it's the only drawback really too many settings... :(
damn twitter is #dead rite about now.. smh :-(
ouchh.. :/ that hurt.. :(
at work now. :(
just caught up on last night's ub, i loved it! sad ending! :-(
yuuup i created it and now she's following me on both pages<oi i beg u convince her to unblock me :( lool
lmfaooo noo ! they all dead :(
on the way home back to manila from tagatay, oh deary me :( i am so tired!
last night on the west coast :( getting a little shuteye before the early flight..
