fml i need to read #f1 tweets! :(
belom, belom gue mensen ah ah! please please :'( jgn!!!! ah jahat :( ah! ngapain *jb sih lo!! ketauan!! bangke!!!
haha, damn, it's halfway through here :( how's qld?
i do s enjoy her company. sad days :(
; & how you know if im sober foo'? :( but i am so ima #hush on that. lol
or stuff is going to start being shipped over to canada next week :(
make it there (n) :( <3
me too!! :(
let it go :(
oops. sorry! just trying to help. :(
i've been dying to comment but i don't want to be offensive or hurt anybody's feelings, so i'll keep my mouth shut. :(
i want i.thai.t.m so bad :(
darn it, wanted alger-whatshisface on pole :-( #f1
timetable going to release soon. hope my last lesson will not end at 6pm! :(
yupp!! disgrace! not how we are at all! :(:(:( how could he even say that?? :(
work, la & back, drinks with j-lynn, & now chillin' at home with a bunch of crazy kids... i don't wanna go to work tomorrow!! :(
i want leave. but don't really know what to do when i get one. :(
noooo #jonasbrothers è sceso :( daiiiiiii
f******ck!!! what the hell happened?? your poor car :(
nah, can't find the "parenthood" theme anywhere :(
guess u dislike me :(
yup :( not even a chance of sleep tonight.
wow like no ones tweeting :(
if you found happiness with another girl yeah hmm me too :(
i know!! im like praying right now so hard! :(
im not feeling too good... :(
nia sm ardi bakrie honeymoon ke afsel nonton world cup??mauuu :(
omg i hate you :( here are my beloved albums which arrived today, after 1 month of waiting!! ^^
boseen abis ya tuhan :(
i havent kept on my promise to not get online for 3days. the internet is just too hard to resist. :( *slaps self* but i'll have get off soon
:(
#f1 i got up early dosed up on painkillers, hot water bottle on bad shoulder n neck & thought quali wud relieve the pain :( now in pain 4 jb
i know i have some of them too : (
my mummy changed the channel :(
yeah. at last got connected again haha still here at the party, bored :(
i want a boo :( someone i cud lay up wit. it'll b like im ur girl wen we together
in phoenix, one in 124 homes in the metropolitan area received a foreclosure notice in february, shat : (
nothin just too much tiki perhaps. seriously wish u were here :(
one more princess down the row :(
noo power cut :(
hey! get well soon!!! i got up jus now!!! what? u r feeling worst???? :(
i think too much :(
yo no he visto brokeback mountain u.u #maricaya :(
um 3 weeks but ive beencontrolin my self very very well but now i see how edward felt with u im gonna try n keep my space :(
my bad mane i didn't even kno i was gonna be in there till thenlast min and i did have my phone i had my cuzins :(
trying to upload pictures to blogger. hope it doesn't dail again. :(
if he's stupid like you're say, i'm stupid too then :(
if you found happiness with another girl yeah hmm me too :(
ok.... numbed blank... one of my friend is getting divorced :-( also... her husband is beater :-(
totally irritated n pissed right now...! :( grrrrrr
at home finna hit the sheets...alone :( lmao
why am i awake so early been up since 7.30 :-(
to me! ppl unfollwing me :( i would have way more right now lol xd
my secons pair of papillio ohno :(
another variety of paalada payasam. instead of paalada they mix rice & caramel-> enna onnu konnutharumo :(
:( how long did you sleep? 11 til 5? x
my twitter app has stopped working :(
dropped off june and sam. tonight didn't go as planned. :( but i had fun! :)
why won't anyone follow me? :( i'm just as much as a belieber as all of youse & no one will help me :-/
aww man right before the top 2? lol escape girlie! awwwwwwwww loreletti is in jail :(
nope :( it's weird tho he was #4 last week and no one slips off that fast, maybe they just took it down
knp si? :( aku badmood bgt ndes
coughing myself to sleep.... gosh :(
sooo i feel 10 times worse than i thought i did yesterday :( back to bed & just pray i'll wake up tomorrow and feel fine!
want u to be there :(
#freakyfactsays retweet this if you didn't have sex tonight.-- :-/ --- its horrible :(
so ur spending ur time by jalan2? :( rafting: done! milk factory: next!
my eyes are burning :( i think i'm goin to sleep now
sssssoooooo bored. blah. its way too cloudy and rainy to be summer :(
omfg iphone? last time it was a firefox add on :(
can you see that? as if i didnt spend years tryin to make her an sunderland fan :(
can u get ur bberry back : ( hs
haha, don't member alot either. a chipped my tooth :( and my jaw is really sore. how long it take you to get home?xxxxxxxx
cattitude! god i miss having a puddytat. :-( rt: she attacks me for attention when i visit.
rain rain go away :(
oh men, what a hot day talaga dito sa pilipinas. i estimate na 35 degrees na ngayon. wow, grabe, too... much... dehydration. ugh. :(
gonna stay home for the whole day then :(
ugh i don't feel good :(
is there someone you love an they don't love you back ! :: i think so :(
:-(
ihate falling asleep with the teevee on :( cus iwake up w. a headache >=o !
back to sleep x3
my hand is paining after the tennis match with #ferl :(
i'm really sorry about last night. :( that was really selfish of me. and you're right. i'm just afraid losing everything.
pet shud have made it :( #f1 q2 is over. nico p5, michael p10. out of q2 pet, del, bue, alg, kov, glo, but
i'm so jealous. gossip was gross. i wish we had fondue with you guys :(
al parecer sip charlie sheen; renuncio a two and a half men? :(
its light out. now sleep is just moxking me :(
what a pitty- jenson out in q1! i cannot believe it! :-( grrrr...
i was looking forward to playing fallout 3 over the long weekend, but i'm finding it really irritating. :(
wants to go back to bed but my beds taken lol :(
omg!! just got off work! i'm so tired :(
damn i missed dat.. :(
uh, i got called fat, for asking a guest to move down to the next gate. everyone was soo rude today. :-(
head hurts :(
feel really sick :(
what do you mean "help"? i dont want to spend my own money sorry :(
soooo.... ill today :(
is such a nice person i want to meet him so bad :(
i can't believe i have to work all easter weekend and am missing out on my grandmothers polish easter feast :( gutted
who needs to sleep. me :(
ahhh having cramps :(
new shoes got fucked up. boooo :(
people please pray for manu today. please :(
work is dead this morning! so no point in being here... 7am wakeup 4 nothing :(
the end :(
closed my eyes for a minute and fell asleep. woke up with nightmares of voices coming at me from all angles. must be what schizos hear :(
ouch! pounding headache. this can't be good :(
both of you guys are gay :( not me though, it's not like i'm reading gmh or anything
i should've never tried that one :(
on my way to work :(
kailangan ko ng ayusin ang multiply acct ko, maxado ng vintage ang theme. haha must make one for myself, but i dont have photoshop :(
just got home soooo out of it :(
no she wasn't :(
#peopleshould stop hate miley :(
they forgot to give me butter for my baked potato. :(
bad. i need to be cuddled :-(
skype, aim shit someone talk!!! :(
ckup buat stress ini dek wah sabar kak hehe.pelan2 dikerjainyart bnyak kali dek, ada 4 tgs :(
in the hospital... wanna go pim ahhh.. :(
it's face looks like a bum :(
sad...very sad...i hate hurting people. :(
:( every woman needs a man that will lovingly call her out but appreciate her for everything (cont)
should i ? really. :(
i feel like shite today :-(
jealous, have fun! take pics please. i miss london. :(
iyah hri ini pgl so sweet pake lilin, huksss,, ama ayangg pasti lbih so sweet. huaaa. :(
jaaayk no, it isn't. :-( who is it, if i may ask?
