bohoo :( i wan u-kiss badly.. i think even if they come to spore, i wont get to meet them.. u-kiss come my hse hahaha impossible
richard gere de, dia anjing" gtu de :( siapa yg main yes?
, when i watched the kcas at home in the uk it didn't show all the awards and i didn't see you! wats wrong with it?? :(
i'm afraid i might have to close the windows with all of the pollen. :( the weather is so beautiful too bad it makes me sneeze and itch.
oh yeah, i need to reply to your emails...you reply too fast :(
i think i'll be staying up again tonight :( :( :(
aduh pake request.. :( iya donk mi, bosen nih, butuh cerita baru iya betul yang request tutup buku
urgh i knew i had put on weight :(
dadaaaah jakarta, i will miss youuu muahmuah. uda boarding nih huhu :(
if that e!online poll means something, then heroes is doomed. :(
photo: littlemisshappy: :(
yeah but i'm def goin to hate today lol :(
iin , t to the o to the l to the o :(
someone unfollow me :( so i need 4 moreee :(
aww i had to get off msn and you were upset im like tlk to me on twitter but you didnt :(
it hurts dude!! :(
i really really wish i had vivienne westwood perfume again :( it's the nicest stuff i've ever smelt..ever! it's just soo expensive /:
sleeping pills didn't work at all!! i'm exhausted and have a terrible headache!!! :( #fml
something wrong :( ko sedi? knp tayang :(rt ayok tayaaang :( yuuk cama akuuu yuuu . . jgn sedi dong
okay, what a rough day. and my period come in wrong time :(
alright, heading out. won't be tweeting because my bill turned out to be a whopping 4,000pesos for march o___o stupid twitter :(
finished movie, thank god, now i'm working on hft chaptr 6, please anyone, if you like it, tell your friends, coz i've only got 115 views :(
same here.... :( .. y boss come up with work on saturday evening????
ahhhhh!!!, i cut myself,, im bleeding,, :(
is listening to sorry by jonas brothers. it's sad. :(
:( it's been too long since i've seen josh.
someone has stole my sofa in fridays :(
u haven't tweet for the last 24 hrs :-( missing u sooooooooooooooo much!love u my friend ;-) take care n have fun!
ga kebayang gmn perasaan fans x japan pas the last live dulu :(
they woulda had to somewhere there! bet they got a bit scared :( lololol
thanks esp. for the info since all we'll hear abt today is the ipad. :(
very painful when a long holiday but did not go on vacation! pathetic! : (
i know its so terrible... :(
i want the boat shoes from renegade folk. :( soooo pretty.
justins gonna be 17 next year naww his getting older :(
i wonder that too.. but all i know is i can no longer log in.. :(
you're a bitch. i dont love you anymore. :(
rtwt: the sickness come to my life, say goodbye to happiness :(
i knoww right ! eww no bueno :( isit busy ? xo
how dare you call me an odd child :( lol
< and no, i cant make use notepad++ or any form of scripting lol, thats 1 thing i couldnt do :(
rip terry(dunno hs surname)... bt he was tobe's frnd... :(
i lost 5 followers !! :( plzzz don't unfollow!
well i seem to have all the side effects of the painkillers :(
merendaaah.. padahal byk bgt yang mau sm debay 2. laraaass!! hahaa ga ada yg mau sama aku,sedih yaa,huhu :(
awww sweetie smoking is badddd haha i won't knock it cause everyone does. i just don't like it cause i'm allergic to the smoke :(
i have a class till 12:30 :( how about weekdays?
poltek senin-jum'at full . hwhw . peace iyaaa , tp hati ga mesti *curhat* haha . besok ajaaa :( senin kayak e aku fu
1 unfollower :(
bad, bad morning... my stomach is in shambles and i have a long drive to agbara ahead of me :(
i can't change it >_< it emminates from the ceiling in the office kitchen :(
nope it's still buggered :( just tightened the port with a spanner as well, still no joy. bums
reggae & too little sleep now yoga won't be lucky enough to have an all शवासन savasana class.. :( zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
missed my nan and granddad this morning because i was asleep :(
awwwh :( how come?
to be honest i took 8 drops last night cos i was very anxious but i'll really be careful with it :( promise <3
merasa km itu makin nyebelin.. makin jauu.. so confused.. geje!! :(
dear jool, sorry my phone died last night and i passed out. :( text me when your awake.
hating news channels...there's much more than sania and her marriage...its all abt trp :(
byk doa ya nak (?)rt ketinggal rumah payung ny :( hahah unyunyu kacian pke
i wish :( x
where'd go :( it won't ring through now
how come? :( i just wanted to make sure that ud be safe from ur mission whatever it was i wont give details.
hate seperating from my bed :(
cuma sms ke mupida yg pending. what the... :(
lol i still can talk shit !! i don't let nada hold me back !!! it just hurts ; so i rather not lol :(
si somboooong :(
:( emoticonnya gaada yg laen trid? itu mulu --" jgn salahkan bunda mengandung
the house furnace isn't on and its real chilly right now :(
argh.. not feeling well already. slight stomach ache. :( had been eating porridge stuffs for the whole day lol lunch+dinner
iyaaa mar :( hachiko? huaaaa.. ada ya anjing setia kayak gt :'(
i wish i could dye my hair :( stupid school rules, you suck
well i feel depressed again fun fun fun :-(
sapa mumu? puppy? hahahaa. i want a puppyyyy. :(
malam minggu sial! huhu :(
so you're saying if and scarlett were getting it on you would object? i don't understand your logic :(
:( been so caught up w stuff tt i didnt realise that sims3 world adventure is out.. need to have it
going to the hospital now again :(
awww, sorry for being a party pooper, and but i have to go. :( we're watching a movie eh. tweet you tomorrow. :)
i hope they dont break 218 run mark by mi...but it looks certain now !! :(
i dont have one :( haha
i'm really cross with royal mail despite having written instructions to leave parcels in a safe place, yet again they've taken one back :(
i feel really silly now :(
i didn't get to see them either :(
i been breaking it down for you baby... been running arounnnd and still no love for meee... somebody #rescueme :(
if i can rewind the time, i'll choose you, not him :(
that's true :( but you have off monday, right?
i hate this day. :(
got nothing to eat for dinner :(
my head hurts so bad and i don't know why. :(
yah gabisa dong gue nntn :( bawa keluar tia tivi ny hehe. tlf si arip suruh ksitu jd kan gue ada temen ny. iya cedera dy
btw, i miss tweets :(
working tomorrow.. :(
i have no clue :(
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-( me too
just left imh-icu. visited dokito. i'm so sad, was stopping tears from falling. please pray for dokito's mom :(
'fraid so. :( :(
tentative plans for korea in december. i wanted disneyland. but poo :(
but that's so long lol. :( and by that time, it's some crazy touch screen phones that is 'hot'.
i so want that to be a late april fools joke :(
ahw. i don't, hahaha. good morning happy saturday!! ihave to work :(
i hope lil wayne comes out with some new music even though he locked up.. :(
oh its ok u at indonesia n still u dint go to bali :(
sayangnya di rumah jkarta :( dirumah yg mana, kak? hehehe
who? 'yes yes yes yes' you always say it but you never do it .. :(
whats wrong dear? :(
i'm like serious fmling right now :(
my bf doesn't wanna explain to me the purpose of mandi belawat and what it is all about :(
idk. but. that's one of the reasons why i can't go to sep. :(
why can't i send you a dm? :( i have storyyyyyyyyyy to tell
whyyyy :(
do a follow thing for me too , i havee hardly any :( x
fvck ! hilang satu :(
dude apaan tu? knp dirimu tdk follow back diriku :( what's wrong dude?rt si tdk menepati jnji :c
wellness --> 48.59 :(
heyyyyyyyyyy so whats wrong with mine :( :|
went out to find danny byrd supersize in hmv useless! no dnb except some awful 'ministry of' compilations :-(
sakit apa my?rt plg² mama dirawat :(
of course you can ☺rt i hope, i can :( km pasti kuat beb ☺rt (cont)
i'm loosing hope on selling my phone :( maybe i'll be touching screens for some time pa hehe
thank you darling bobby , miss you madly,wish you were here :(
wow i caught a nose bleed the other night nd my nose is fucked up ugh it burns :(
iya tapi serem de, uuuu takut :( kan kamu solat pasti ghost takut pray magrib, uu mushollanya gelap serem :(
hier is net de post geweest... no cd though :-(
