found letters from a good friend. she moved back from sweden and lives 2 steps away fromme. haven't seen her 4 ages... miss her loads... :(
oh my gosh, i pity my grandparents! :(
i just hate those four letter words now. cause i have spoilt its meaning by misusing it..... :-(
lmfao its not my fault :( :( :(
been twittering too long 13% power left :( f***, i'll have to read the paper now!
i still haven't had breakfast. or coffee for that matter. not good :(
feels bad for lee wilkie tbh :( too young too young x
ugh,i hate that,i live in europe and it is not availeble in my country too :(
nape lo? uwouwouwo opo aee -_- icicicicicicicirt miss u :(
watching the bride of chucky. man i wish i had some taco bell :(
madly in love with someone impossible!! :(
boooo super disappointed!! sana may pa-contest tong seminar nato tapos yung manalo free registration fee! huhu :(
please leave me alone :(
:( :( :( :( poor dbsk fans. and ugh r00d comments are r00d. >[
awww u didnt get any eggs!! :( i send u an imaginary special one :l haaaaa xx
i wanna get back on the road. :(
woowww :o lucky, how did you get him to follow youu ? (: i keep tweeting him and he don't reply or anythingg :(
madina lake will be performing next week in the netherlands! it's so unfair i can't go. :(
please this if you have a heart!!! #welovesteph !! <-- she's a belieber yet people are telling her dad to die of cancer!! :( #welovesteph
says shem! posted pa sa allkpop.com ung gnawa ni dj mo sa kpop fans. :(
oh, didi. :( she was one of my favourites. i just didn't like last night's performance.
spending my satirday in the library :( #sadtimes
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
my box didn't arrive on thurs as scheduled. suspect fruit may be inedible :-( blooming royal mail!
facesland itu apa?rt facesland tu enak .. tapi sayangnya sepi :(
just keep thinking #atleastimcoolerthansteph. it works, it really does. i'm an idiot :(
so sweet :(
me too :(
i dont know love, just am. :( but i miss youuu!
that plane was loud. i can't sleep :(
ok off for now. for some reason my home don't clean itself :(
there are waaaay too many adverts on your site. they distract from the content and become really annoying very quickly :-(
hi! im using my iphone. that means i dont have adobe and cant log on 2 ur page and countinue.. :( farhan from stockholm
crap. tvxq! to stop all activities? :(
stupid tweet limit :(
please this if you have a heart!!! #welovesteph !! <-- she's a belieber yet people are telling her dad to die of cancer!! :( #welovesteph
i'm having serious ed withdrawal :( & this guy called derek's just asked me out. will post a pic and tell me what you think
oh poo! :( {{hugs}} xx
no way at all :( i could try n'd skip the train, although can't get through the terminals like that.
, what katie did next finished last week :( where is my thursday night gonna go now ?! when you back on? ly x x x
good evening. i am cleaning my room. it is very hard. and i am tired :(
mupeng dh td liat orang pacaran :(
i have a new problem *again* ahh my life full of problems :(
just family shit :( x
our female goose got it's head bitten off by a fox last night :( #fox
i can feel pst kong's broken heart talking about the building issues... i feel sad for him. :(
lost a bunch of followers! :(
the joy of getting my ass kicked! :-(
i feel like playing grand theft auto , but i really cbf to plug in my playstation :(
itu tal..yg anak ipeka car accident di menteng :( gue suka iseng baca wall2nya gt
papa pleeeeease i need that car! pleeeease :(
i miss talking in the car infront of ur house, crying and all :(
i hope i don't have to kill my farm ville pigs because of the swine flu. :( but cha gotta do whatcha gotta do.
my ubertwitter is acting like a biiiitch :(
well i'm gonna try and have an early night, couldn't sleep last night, and i'm feeling sick :(
hey zac! can you please tell to reply my tweet? i'm the biggest fan of him. please, i beg you :(
took my sis to ballet lessons, going back home :(
is missing someone and now i know that i will never get them, why is life so unfair :( more funny statuses:
odheeee stomach pains :( ' i want it to stop'
i like you, but we cant be. you hate me :(
where have u been? 20 days without comp. :( miss you
my ipod is runnig really slow for some reason :( another reason i'm pleading for an iphone
it is a bit of a god morning... or is that tomorrow? *giggles* how are you, sir? <apart from the fish incident :-( >
