heya i'm back in bed >:] bleugh got work to do though :( but then i get to go out with my friendsss <3
i'm thinkin we were both screwed on the pole shoot out then? tomorrow should be interesting, had money on ham for pole like :(
manutd and chelsea match today..don't want to put high hopes for it...no rooney=no win... :-(
if anybody tells me the united vs chelsea score today before i come back from town they will die. i'm not so hopeful with rooney out tho :(
awake and sad :( < cheer up love might never happen. <fols i'm sick
pijit dong..bs dpanggil ke rumah solusi sehat want too :( massage time...i need (cont)
it's been almost a year. i miss him so much. i didn't even get to say how much he meant to me before he died. :(
wonders why never replies to my tweets :(
it's 6 am and i was awake the all night! ... im tired now but i need to get up! :(
please reply to me + u hardly do anymore :( we love you loaads :) ♥ (cont)
cooking chikuteh and now that can't come :(
i'm a a12 man. prob worse :( can't persuade car of merits of dale winton so it'll be switches between various #heartfm+ #radio4
the only bathroom open within 120 miles is a portapotty in garberville :(
aku gak kaya gitu :( akukan baik ^.^ i'm dissapointed with many of my friends, this is what you called "friends"?
wayang kulit.....??? its so far away from the real me :( for the sake of the future..yaa ok lah
do i have to hurt one of them? :(
ikut ka..rt okeee!! i've decided to watch dvd all night long!! #poorsatnite :( syp yg mau brgabung??hhaha
fucking great. every store i go to milka choco bunny's are sold out. fuck you milka, konzum and billa! wtb milka choco bunny :(
mwahahahaha!!! i was being serious until i realised i would just be lying to you ;)) feel your pain buddy :(
my jerry is working today. :-( i'm gonna go to the store and then sleep til he gets home. it passes the time by faster.....
please reply to me + u hardly do anymore :( we love you loaads :) ♥ (cont)
what's going on? :(
i can't feel my right leg! :(
i dont think my laptop will run bioshock 2 :(
i want my driving license :(
just did..."sorry, that jpb could not be founf please die...ähh join another job" :(
someone me, i feel lonely :(
one of my best friend's mummy died last night. :( she was a lovely person and didn't deserve that. rip paula. <3
i feeel sooo shitty. :(
i think we was deleted, i clicked on ur link and it said it didnt exist :(
#alwayskeepthefaith i belive what i belive :( god pleeaseee t t
these downloads r takinig forever :(
josh of #paramore will be married. and hayley williams is the bridesmaid. :( #congratsjosh
i think he's gone without us :(
long journey's with family = hate. kay bye, hopefully there's internet where i'm going :(
why are the tweeters that i'm following all posting emo nemo angsty updates at the same time? cheer up :(
woke up. idk why. turned everything in the house off. cant fall asleep now. :(
miss my boy :(
just waiting for te maimai to come over and get what she needs... >>offline : (
i am soooo tired. but sleep is just not coming! :(
uh oh! i spent ages drawing that line :( x
one dead laptop = no lost :(
so damn hungry ryt now. didnt have my lunch before. awwhh you making me hungry with that chicken teriyaki :( me want too
hmmm.. set off now and buy the stuff i need before work or watch more jls. i can't decide :(
hmm..... bored. i would type up some pages for www.clubpenguinsv.com but doesn't want me anymore. :(
hahahay...di sms'in om2 ??wkwkkww@echiepanda: hey om... jgn sms mulu dong.. serem :(
omg for some reason i've lost 2 followers! :( x
semarang semakin padat..seharian betis berkonde ni huuhu..coba pake matic :(
still tryna figure out what is making mad... !!! :(
unfortunately, your question highlights how badly people understand foss. we have done a bad job educating people :(
i miss my bf :(
ive been having a bad night :( you're sweet. if only norma would come visit tonight. maybe with your help. xox
where is my :( i miss her so damn much --- i miss you mooore my bestiee :'(
is so sad because i've already finished watching cougar town. :( it has been my life for a week. what should i do now???
optimis dwong :) pesimis :(
wiii bolos last day at lombok :(
