i really try not to curse.. but fuck.. cause i'm still over 20 miles from the airport and traffic is solid stopped as far as you can see. :(
aww, thought i sold this but non-paying buyer. :( back on the market-bright blue orange pink green birds pillow cover
no, couldn't get them... :( i have a pic:
i know! i'm sorry i couldn't come :( i did get all my stuff done. i'm glad i got to see u tho i wish i could've seen u more!
you! :(
:( im there with ya on that. i'm awful today.
colourful one with the quote about the nhs and doctors. we moan about tories negative campaigns then do one ourselves :(
tararengkyu, yo, bantuin gua doong, kasih link itu ke temen temen lo, ato ngak promosiin di wall group yang lo join :(
teddy is about three times the size of maia. he tried to kill me. :(
listening to the gentle tones of u2 and a screaming 3yr old in the carpark wifey wifey & miss 5 do the shopping. bliss :(
damn....i didn't mean to nap that long! now i have to rush to get dressed :(
you are officially on vacation. i am officially jealous. :(
i look like a tomato. :(
but she's fat and she's stealing my amazing bed :( haha
some pathetic loser hacked :(
why does every love interest have to use the same handful of cliches :(
im kinda disappointed at my camera. everything i recorded in the concert is basically trash. stupid sound sensitivity. :(
i'm not an "it," i'm a "she!" :( it's odd.
pass over. its horrible :(
dude, i have no pics of you on my cam! :-(
a) sorry dad took the phone/ipod away, b) that sucks :( and c) what kind of netbook...do we match?! xd
oh man. im sorrry :( think that could be why.
one more period go halak go habs!!!! cammalleri will score again...one day? :(
lmmfao why is chelley bean meen two me?! :(
on duty for the weekend. it's too nice to be inside!!! :(
do you think nicki wuduh got signed if wayne wasn't on the map?? i truthfully don't think so.. :( but she's still a badddd bitch :)
oh don't rub it in! some of us plebs are stuck at home :(
i miss twitter so much (: , i've been bussy this days .. :(
if youve never met justin, :(
strange.. i see that.. :( ... i'll restart my phone and try to re-upload. question: i can't seem to dl the new twitter app?
i got a headache :-(...and im all the way in la so i dont have anyone to take care of me :-(
latoya was gorgeous...she didn't need any plastic surgery :(
i kno i really like #symphoniclove but oh well :(
some pathetic loser hacked :(
great tweet about donating to orgs. big orgs don't give anything to the little people. :-(
why are you gonna delete? :(
blrrrrbbbb..... my brain is officially fried! 4 logos this week so far and i still have one more : ( #wine, where are u when i need you???
actually i should go to bed. cause in only two hours i need to go to work :(
yup and u know it!!< tell nini i mad her :-( poooowwwwww
in that case you would need to make that call i'm afraid :( not much we can do. i'll try and find the fix though ^jm
me sorry :(
is mad cuz my smoothie taste betta den his n he keep stealin mine :( fuck yo smoothie
good thing the sperm donor isnt talkn to me but i still wanna hear some music cuz the radio not on :(
1-900-wheresmyboy? ugh im sick of arguing, i just wanna watch the movie :( #spoiled smh oh well...
i miss you so much. :(
it's the only thing i took *tonight*. last night i took an anti- histimine thinking it was allergies, but it's a cold. :-(
lol whoaaa nice dance moves!! mmm chocolate.... i jus made a drink gona c wat films on, il prob b up allnite nw :( do u sleep?
then i guess if you're counted twice and i'm not counted, it balances out and it's even. or, they just like you better than me : (
i'm insanely jealous darlin :(
in bed just woke up lmao :( and i just got warm and now i need a drink -.-
the person i loved was a #cancer :( #zodiacfacts cancer least compatible with: sagittarius, aquarius
i'm so hot (behave) :( both my windows are open and my heater is off. what the frak? is this me getting better? oh please..
yeh... i saw it th other day n i as slightly disguisted... :(
i dont meet you :( but maybe a concert!
the worst thing to do in a relationship is hold on to sum1 who doesnt want to be held on 2 * sedi amat si :( ?
i heard about that, yes. so awful. :-(
hope you get better soon :(
lol lissten listen u beeen mia :(
i read half of it but then had to take it back to the library :( good book though
i know. i been a bad homie huh? :( how you been?
i miss you so much. :(
learned that the hard way :-(
leaving the phone home all day...geezus i was naked and looking crazy!! who doesn't have a cell in 2010...i did..well for the day! :(
my left leg muscle is sooooo sore! actual agony. i don't even know what i've done. too much, maybe? mmmph :(
i cant believe you were putting me in the garden like some lost dog :(
i'm so tempted...but i promised myself i wouldn't any more :( regretting it now...
never followeed me :(
i haven't spoke to tom in ages :( he's always out when i ring. and he's on holiday over the next 2 weeks :(
i bet she didnt binge on siss challet :(
i'm so hungry lucy lol// awwww we cooked owt! :( we still here chillin too.
#zodiacfacts taurus least compatible with: libra ,sagittarius « noooo that can't be true!! megan's a taurus!! wah! :(
its so good! i saw the premiere » damn i'm jealous :(
