serius gue kedinginan jadinya :(
welcome back!sad news, hindi nga nag-end sa episode 11 ang hello baby... episode 12 daw.. :(
broken-hearted girl here... t_t broken-hearted boy :(
yes it's the one but thn oos :( hahahaha ohhh thn not creating another one anymore ?
this kinda scaryed me :-( still really good tho even if it totaly creepy. (youtube
seriously; fml. :( life just isn't going to plan right now. why must everything turn out crap :(
went at sta. barbara with mum. i was wearing purple. when we went off the jeepney, the tricycles there were painted purple. embarassing! :(
haha...da pqr apa so kng so bingo2? ^^ nd tau leh.. nd nyambung ekh qt ini :( ckckck ^^
btw hey twitter world :) even though i only have 18 followers :(
phew, i'm sorry... :( i really wanted to do it well...hahah ^_^;;.
seriouslyy i can't take this :( i feel soooooo rough !!!! it's not good lmao xxx
duch plis dong jgn sakit :(
man dat track outta my system is me right now ... danmmmmm its hard as fuk to let go of da one u love most :( how did u do it bow
rusak kak :( gak bisa dipake jadi dijual dehrt where's your phone ?rt i miss my phone :'(:'(
even by car ? bcuz we're going by car ! :o it's a nine hour trip .. :( (north england)
i am ok thanks. yes we just got post but not the yarn i wanted :( lol
so cold. :(
arhhhhh, #welovesteph shes a belieber going through a struggleee, :(
nothing? that's not good :( wish i could help you ...
where are you? :(
i've always wanted to do porn. cause i get hard in a sec.. well atleast once i rub it :-) but i dont have the hook ups :-(
well good morning up really early :(
i really miss those reese lines :(
good morning! :) look at the weather!!! :( back to bed to watch some tv i think ;) xx
i've sumtin untold :( ai napa? koq "weak"?
:___( hmmmm goodbye amgonnamissyou adek :(
justin biebers not on tv now :(
i didn't fall all night until i walked in my house :( lmfao.<lmao i thought i had 2 get the (cont)
bugger, i always miss out on the good stuff. :( lol
i don't even know how to put pics on twitter... i need that inq phone now :(
ooo you're making me hungry ady!! :( will be free around end of the month.. :)
nti ak bawain mak yg bnykkk yart :( huhuhu :( dtinggal kjkt.... huuh sediiihhh... gara2 besok jaga siy,, hiks
hate when people change and they aren't what you tought. :(
#f1 qualification! how was the result??? i missed it :(
yay it's easter & i feel like shit, i guess u get that :(
:( husss calon sariawan gede nih kayanya, susah ngomong, susah makan, susah cium pacar
would like to be in bed like every1 else! :-(
i want to send to twitter.. :(
soon going to work :-(
no one is gonna help me to get 900 follwoers today? :(
i want to send to twitter.. :(
i need to rearrange furniture & rooms .... it's frustrating for me. i just want it to look great & i'm just stuck in a funk. :(
rt: thanks shame for though :-(
my itunes just randomly played a song :( i'm a tad freaked out i think needs to check up on me :l:l haha! ♥ him x
sigh. car was clean, now it's raining :(
ponyo sold out?! wtf kids club never sells out! ha, thats an indication that work is gonna be busy today :(
wish i never woke up :-(
now wishing i hadn't eaten all the hot cross buns yesterday, i have a craving for more now :(
on the way with adhi ke blok m. ini pertama kali dlm hidup gua pake helm! huhuhu rambutnya... :(
ahaha, i really should of :(
why i keep overblowing? :(
hope so otherwise no egg hunt tomorrow :-(
miss you too zka ;prt "i miss you so much huh :( i need your hug i need your kiss and i miss you crazy much"
says have a desire to own htc desire huh.. :(
i would think so...bummer if they're not i wanna go shopping in bath :(
james told me last night. i cried so much. :-( i'm so sorry.
cant be arsed getting up to study :(
bastard man took my ticket now i have to use oyster on tube. waaaaa :(
too bad :( hope it will be up and running again soon!
only been at work an hour and i'm already booored :( it is dead today and there's nothing to do.
is it? it's cloudy here :(
walao. my hair now like aunty :(
aww wats wrong? :( i jus got in the house...u need to tlk>? its watever u kno me i'll be iight lol
i need a new guitar :( (emektar geberdi) ::(
it's ipad day!!! wish i could get one :(
i wanna buy one of thoes figurine thingys. :(
hope dads okay :(
you bring me go eat :> hehe. not going to eat today :( my dad refuse!!
brother paiyya kandittu vannu...highly disapointed :(
aiiink cape naek motor dr kmpus ke rumah :(
strange. lost a follower overnight. down to 11 :( #jesustwept
i just wanna see my boyfriend :( but every time he asks me, i'm either out with my friends or i'm allowed...
blonde streak?(: i still have it ,you can just never really see it in pics :(
awwwwwwwww either will mine >:( i think he is bringing us to france then on purpose :(
watching the realworlddc reunion episode now. i miss the show already. :( love the honesty.
so night 2 was awesome but broke my camera thats not even 3 months old, no pics or vids for night 3 :( #asot450 #asot #trancefamily
wheres spring gone :-(
someday! but till then, you can watch live at (no access for me!) :(
lol nooo come back :( i will give you my chocolate bunny? #pleasewiththepuppydogeyes
if you think should go to your country :(
i miss bbq-ing with my family :(
:) i soo wish i saw them last year when they came :( or was it the year before? i forget anyway /continues dancing
comment new photos :) i miss selinaaa :(
capeee ! :(
so am i :( also missed the video chat on wednesday :/
dapet oleh2 from my sister, bracelets from jogja.. aaah i miss that city :(
ugh : (
and i'm not on tv at all :(
yah gmn dong kalo sold out :(
siniko mba hehehe sm caca huaah mauuuu :(
yeah yeah, run it in :(
i missed all the fun :(
everyone is dating/engaged to someone except me :(
i need a new look. :( probably after summer. i miss you too! my summer is bohriiing
yea that's what i thought :-(
i'm bored :( who wants to talk ??
whom do u think m gonna cheer for today?... #ipl wait...who all r der in rr??..the si8 of dhoni csk piss me off :(
don't be like that :( so, having fun?
sounds like hella fun....i'm headed to work :-( lol
wtf no one's following :(
i am *very* jealous of your #retro #smartie mug, my local #waitrose didn't have them :(
he has bought & sold bikes & each time says that's it no more!!! here we go again :(
makasih cert bukan elooort jangan unfollow gue ce :( pengen gue unfollow
hahahaha tp kmrn kartu credit gua declined mampus kannnn pdhl bnyk yg hrs dibeli :(
i think that's becoz i am tired and sleepy. bad mood :(
no twitter, no blog, no facebook, until i hit 10000 words :(
hey my sweetiiiie tweetiiie lol i miss u sorry im not on twitter so i cant reply u back miss you so much :( !! love always
still havent buy my chocolate. :(
looks like ill be missing out on the easter egg hunt tomorrow :(
you suck then. i have other things to do :( i played it all of last night, and a bit of today.
needs a cuddle : (
if only this weren't an april fool :( seriously gutted!
:( where are you i need to talk to you lol x
yup, i love doing it but somehow it feels like a chore :( it keeps me busy and unorganized lol. that's why i decided to quit.
damn!! there's no available cd of "only one" with version 2 poster of u-kiss! in sm clark! urgh!!! i want to cry. can't buy their cd. :(
head. spinnin :-( < is it #alcoholicsanonymous
i am freezing :( its too cold in wales!
i didn't fall all night until i walked in my house :( lmfao.<damn i wish i was there to see that! lmfao!
hahahaaa. cieee dinda ! nyesel bgt salting kayak tadi :(
this saddens me :(
??? i don't get it :(
made me cry :( wish they were together still & xo
just got to birmingham, im bored :(
my friend moved away and she hardly remebers me and we use to go to jb concerts together and she said she hates them :| :(
i'm eatin siomayy neh :(
moring all, maths revision here i come :(
this game is pissing me off. both eagles nd port are playing shit :-(
i have a headache :(
poor sam has a tummy bug and is lying in bed feeling poorly :-(
