up wit noone to talk to : ( come on ppl
bloody joy! all the boys fancie her.. :(
what channel & time is the rangers game on today? i get the feeling i'll end up missing it anyway :/ :(
apa ada di bath kan? :( this is too early man
back at rent rehearsal. i miss saturdays :(
looks like we are in newcastle may 31 (1day shy of june)...<thanx was hopping for a glastonbury date :(
visiting grandpa's cemetery in such a lovely weather, but my grandma still crying though :(
:( i gotta throw that couch away.
u ain't hit me up --my bad :( we out next time deadasz!
headin to bed gotta go in late today suppose to be a rough night i hope nite :(
#cesc has a crack in his bone :( poor my bebe!
:( shut up -.- you just tell me lies and i don't want to here them anymore </3 i know it hurts
omg! i'm so silly..i put my hair parting on the wring side and i've started :(
waiting for sms :(
baru bangun tidur, masih keleyengan. i wonder why, and my skin transfer to reddish :(
not allowed :( dad said no :( grrrr
awww, so thats why onew dont want to hold yoogeun :(
has to take my phone into repair today cause the camera still isn't working :( i'm actually gonna die without it.. i can't use my old one.
bwahahaha welcome to the club! i'm a champ on that! don't know y :( have been chattin in hausa on (cont)
hey unfortunately its black... cudnt get red one... :(
really misses benji :(
ada apa ama tvxq?bubar? i think it's over 4 tvxq... :(
i am sso boredd... my bubba fell asleep & myo best friend is pasd out! :( so sad! but im still gning out with matthew, matt && shaka!!
:( thats honestly all i have to say
i'm enjoying singapore slings in the intercontinental hotel's club lounge, f-ing fantastic, shame my iphone isnt accepting the wifi here :(
season 2 hasn't come out yet here in the uk :(
is a bitch she didn't take and me to the concert :(
some people may be strong. but should be strong for the right people and right time : (
d*mn it! my jimmy choos got ruined becoz of last nights party! 2 ppl threw beer on them and there were broken glasses everywhere. so sad! :(
is the best :) i hope ukiss' concert will not be moved because of the current issue. :(
really? wow youre sooo lucky! id give anything to meet em :( aaw i bet they are ;d i think that would would like my life? haha x
im so stuffed from dinner :( i can't even think about chocolate ! that's really bad for me
haha it was so lol. but fun. i saw it in 2d though when i could have seen it in 3d. :-(
deberia star aki rocco :(
we went to the beach , picnic, ferry ride.. today's yardwork :-( very nice hannah would have loved day out yuk 2 yardwork:(
blooody uni libary was shut! why don't they put the times its closed online!! gonna have to do loasda work next wednesday onwards :(
sorry for silence had a migraine yesterday afternoon / evening and having to take it easy today :-( normal service to resume shortly
woo "yoon eun-hye" inspired tutorial up! hehe, but the video quality isn't great :(
if u will cry if really does have a girlfriend :(
please pray extra hard for layla tonight. her life depends on a miracle from god. <=little girls only 2 yes old :(
thank you all again for continuing "happy birthday" tweets. so far real life has made no acknowledgement of the date. : (
you should be made to work whenever i'm working. i want pings :(
#saturdayaccumulator ipswich to lose, stick your house on it :(
ooooh its suddenly got really dark over here more rain on the way again :(
yeah. :( next time then.
'different all over' can't type. bodes well for my article :(
smfh :( hahaha #shithappens i am extremely creeped out by but strangely turnt on.. x_x
why do my dm's go like, insane? :(
sebel deh gue item :(
it's mostly my dad who makes me eat, she's given up coz i don't eat much even if i'm told too :( xxx
loooool why u gotta be evil :( finnneee *thinkin what to do to get u back* ill figure it out sooner or later but its gna hurt u more
i didnt getta say byee :(
lol i don't have shots.. :( but i have orange soda. ha ha
my last day with food for a week :( uäk...
no sleep is going to = grumpy today :( sorry baby.
my exzeemas all sore again yuk :-(
yeah :( sian. i'm hiding at the shelter now!
no, why? you offline? :(
back into the college work and missing the bf who is currently in prague :-( arg
<-- follow her or i will not be your friend :( lol
why not in australia!? that is like ... discrimination :( omogmogmogmgo. link me :)
today is doctor who day! i can't watch it till 10 :(
fuck you :( i want my burggerrr.
easter sucks without a nice sunny spring break :(
awww :( have fun. ily moreeeee. xd
suuuper late, but i'm so happy to have seen my prophyte last night! first time all week :(
i want to cry but that would be like admitting defeat :( it's so selfish but it isn't like i can stop it. :/
get well soon baby abbey....tatian skalirt my abbey got a fever :(
devoo :( why doth nobody look at my fanfic today? it's good i promiseee. lulz
why did u unfollow ? :( go follow please and i'll give u 2 massive shouties and dm jb 10 times
:( today i'll say byebye to my toupee... so much time together, i'll miss it too much!
this weather is sick! :(
thanks! no :( waterford yesterday. dublin tonight. did you enjoy limerick?
#superfail ie8 :-( i agree ie 8
:( i need a riley huggg!
omg. beautiful. i can't believe it's been 15 years. :(
youtube tos'd one of my videos :( lame man, lame.
aaahhhhh, can't go tooo sleeeep w/ooutt :(
i'm rlly damndamn hungry :( ugz i wanna order macs, dont know what times my dinner :(
beli software 25$ blm bgtu berguna :(
r u still alive? ain't heard from you lot in a while :-(
i wanted to speak to you in manchester but that security guard was bullying me so i had to jib it off :( xox
awwe why??? :(
:( what was that tweet about your parents?
did you hear abut the 1 year old happy meal that didn't spoil? ruined micky d's for me :(
just showered o: i hate knowing my cyclus.. so did not want it today :(
my nature burger does not have durable outer casing to prevent fall-apart :(
nukkaaaaaaaa my mofo right side of my mouth is swollen :(
ahhh that guy/girls name is like, krona or something. aww he/she is anorexic :(
:( louise...oh my god...really....my heart is shattered to a million little pieces..he is being dragged down the stairs now.:(
:( awww man! i had to go to my girl's bday party. hope it was a success!< may 7th is the (cont)
hey boy , i miss you again :(
if u will cry if really does have a girlfriend :(
aha, amalina! you watch bbt too? eseh! that, idk coz we downloaded b4 mininova but now nada lagi. :( i'm in season 3 dah :s
thought it was for the kids :( not sure where in ni you can get them. will ask twitter as see?
i'm plugged up and sneezing like crazy! damn allergies! :(
i really am stupid ... i had orange juice... i feel ill :(
yang tadi te :(
i have to agree, sirius's death touched me :(
found letters from a good friend. she's come back from sweden and lives 2 steps away fromme. haven't seen her 4 ages... miss her loads... :(
i am so sad... : (
eating slush ice... but i want ice cream :(
my heart sounds like metal *melow total . :(
oh yeah, the director of this movie and legend of boggy creek died not too long ago :( i can't believe i forgot about it...
me checked the price for u na :(
16.... 19 saya ujiaaann... :( jumat kapaann?
i miss playing pc games the whole day :(
if u will cry if really does have a girlfriend :(
ooh it says bcos your not followin me, it cnt send the msg :(
that's more than i've done :( and i'm going away day after tomoro for rest of the week... i'm so gonna fail the biology prac
awwwh! me too babe! sorry but school has really been stressing me out recently :( and yeh no more metro station ever again!
no! :( will it be on listen again?
hey, can u please follow me :) you unfollowed :(
serrrriously bored outta my mind. i wanna go out with the fam, but they wanna sleep in... :(
just got home phone line still lyin in fckn ditch wtf!! bt??? no internet :(
fuck hairdresses they're meant to cut your hair not fuck it up everytime :( #fml
oh no, u poorly sick?! :( that sucks. i miss them too due 2 no internet, in the middle of a 3 day bender tho so no time either!
its shite isnt it :(
i just wanted you to be here :(
says ang dami kng gus2ng sabihin,pro pag ksama na kta hindi q na masabi :( as long as i love u! i dont care wa...
if you really care about me, please you understand me just once :(
really sorry to hear that, i hope you and your family are alright :( my condolences are with you
pple on my timeline shuld wake up n talk 2 me but most of yall jus went 2 sleep lik 5 minutes ago :(
aku aja ga kesampean :( rtdelivery ke akuuuu pgn ayam wendys pake cheese sauce..
don't have to dress up (or rather, down) tonight after all. i'm a bit gutted now :(
oh bologna, how i miss you :(
pspgo, think its a bit small for adult hands, dsi gives me pain :( #mhi
miss you :( come back to pa soon
