: (
country. :(
to be overhauled. overdraft policies get overhauled: new york overdraft programs for checking me out of nose drops :( /at nights/full
why are you grounded :(
no pueder ser pitbull hecho a perder one two three de britney spears :(
a little wet from the rain, but lovely! i am just sad they're moving to va in a few weeks :-(
im sad now :( i needa drink like right now lol can wait to see my bff i miss her and shes mad at me so we have sum talkin to do /:
omfg ! i got a new follower & i thoght it was so i screamed but it wasnt even him :( </3
she said my buns aren't good enough :(
ummmm i'm ready to leave work gosh... :(
u shld have flew w/ me 2 kl ystrday from jkt. :) me wnt,but...huhuhu :( formula 1... anybody going 2day ?
**lets skull! haha**rt me neither :( don't feel like going work tonight at all
man there is a spider terrorizing the shit out of me by inhabitating my side mirror... someone (@kidobamaybe) was supposed to get it! :(
i dont drink...but i really need a drink right now smh :(
omg. i just realises my rainbow stocking sockss have a hole on em. :(
ughhh, im so soreeeee :( i wanna stay in tonight.
:-( goodbye john forsythe... )-: he lived a long life of 92 years! best known for charlie's angels and dynasty.
hey, search for me on facebook, i can't add you :( lol
aye in september when it's actually my birthday mate :( i was only joking, floored
just looked. i can't see it :( lol
i gave her the last of my cookies & creme :(
i'm going to cry. i have no phone. a new one is going to cost $400. :( :( :(
phaak haven't been on the train since 94... :(
i ain't goin to varsity yep its at varsity bt imma b at club amps n n.o :( hve fun 4 me!!
why must my damn "sun" burns hurt so bad?!! i feel like death! :(
awww :( does he know you still love him?
but i'm really sad!!! :( i just wanna cry!!! :'(
at night? boooo :(
:( why not
today def is not my day. how i just spilled the whole bottle of freshener for my uggz on my bed :-(
it's been a month i'm trying tweet to follow me but he isn't following me yet :( that's so baaad :'(
i wanna see the boots! i'm stuck at work and didn't get to see 'em on tv :(
ooooh, sad face :(
repetition will do that for you. #justsaying // tyler perry movie getting bad reviews :(
yeah... i have stuff everywhere cuz i've been busy :( and not wanted to clean
she doesn't feel good :(
ugh sorry about the cramps and migraines :(
god this place is like a place for overgrown frat boys... in the 'burbs, 5 min away from my house. :( i miss and their hotdogs...
healing up ok... just don't make me laugh, that hurts. no news yet, the shop is being jerks and keep giving me the 'tomorrow' lie :(
lmao oops did i tweet that-lol yea u did! smh cheatin on me dammit :-(
today's segment not there due to technical errors :(
i totally inspire you to write cheesy love poetry. don't lie. :(
just finished two heads of braids.. my fingers are on fire... :(
how weird!!!!! :o twitter must be hiding it from us :( thank you very much, none the less! :)
please pray for my boy josh. he got shot :(
:( well, then i dedicate part of my great day to you! ;) we don't get good friday at my company.
haha ;) awesome! xd : / nope! :( is he following you? x
poor baby :( i hope you feel better soon!
wow!!! thats awsome!! very lucky lol. noo hes not coming here :( sad lol
they don't even have a bakers...smh! or forever 21! :(
on the way home :) i miss my big sissy poohs already :( home safe ma> aww
my lil brobro is 18 :( damn i wanted to go
oh yeaaaah , i know ! he told me. :( i feeeeel bad!!!!!!!
haha i don't put things in my pockets :( lol i'm a girl i have a purse for that!
i feel also hungry... umm envy you about you have a co-communicator thru english... i'm always studying alone :(
i am so bummed too :(
ever since u went to la u never talk to me :(
wow dont be so harsh with me :(
i finished my lollipop today. : ( i need a new one.
i have a weird rash and i dont know what it is :(
my car it's better. it look exactly like wonder woman's car when it turns invisible. ohh.. i'm the only person with it ha ! .. :(
not well :( i haven't started the vietnam paper yet! let me know how the ybf products are...i just had a field day at sephora
it's a beautiful night. i wish i were outside enjoying it. :(
leaving seki. so sad to hear of mrs. seki's passing- it just wasn't the same without her. :(
okay, i'll dust off the teleporting device and...oh, wait. i don't have one. :( boo, i want to do drinking!
:-( trey at gsu right about now...booooooooooooooo!!!!!
someone sent me something mean to my formspring and its just got me so upset. :(
sometimes when my phone rings i secretly wish it was you calling but it never is #ohwell :( < you too.
i didn't get a pic from :( did he laugh asking for ootra girl? lol.
this puppy was just found, anyone?! it needs a home :(
boyyy....i just watched this tv show & i promise it got so sad at one point i seriously burst into tears :( actual boo-hoo tears!!
lol >>>rt i wanna wife somebody but im moving outta the state in a couple months , so i guess i have to wait :(
why when i come in twitter i always lose followers! :(
