my bad i knw u cant see my pic its iphone language lol but it equals :( u cn see tht on the curve loves u 
ugh i really need a back rub :(
the signal completely goes inside the ground for some reason :-( get latest news from if they aren't too busy!
:( what's the matter? x
i need my cosmo :(
you should have left right beind me it was targeted at you as much as me. :(
aww i know there's loadsa horrible ones they use to see your reaction :( x
what?! how did it take you so long to drive? :(
sadly havnt came across a persian restaurant so far :(
gaaaah! my ear! fuck sake! :( so painful. (n)
watching 90210 before we head out for our last dinner :( -amy
i'm jealous. i left the house before the mail lady came so idk if i got mine or not :(
i know :( this is so depressing. but yesss, hopefully his next tour!
i love jesus, can't wait for sunday, the day jesus rose, good friday is soo sad! :(
twitter is dead. :(
good for him! too bad he's not closer to celebrate with you! :(
my girl got a check up and its not looking so good :(
i think im coming for the movie. but theres no 'remember me' anymore :(
cycled?! mental! i drove so no drinking :( awesome show thought right?! you wasn't wearing a fest 8 shirt were you?
omg. corrine is hacked. not coool :(
holy shit, just saw a bob cat on the other side of our backyard fence. i only got a glimpse of it before it walked away, so no photos. :(
thank you! sorry about that & sorry about our call. i didn't get to say goodbye. :(
carolina hot guy count: 0 :(
aww. i'm trying to get on, but our internet is slow atm nd ive got a crap load of homework :(
boring..... i didn't feel good :(
she refuses to get twitter :-(
#nowwatching the movie 'bringing down the house'... revising my bio & my cup is empty! :(
oh no! i hope it's not too bad :(
we never had random tweet time :(
:( what's wrong?
not thinking about food for a while :-(
i think i remember you posting some granola recipes a while back.. but i can't find them :( i wanted to try one of them out! :)
i adore imogen heap's hide & seek. wish i could have it at the wedding. :(
jtg gonna be the new hbk. you gonna be the new zeke jackson :(
ahh i dont wanna see the shawn tribute again :(
"let's talk for a lil bit fucc that, let's fucc for a lil bit, nd that's that" :) rip dolla, that used to be my jam :(
yes all is well... i am tired and emotional drained right now... i am logging off shortly :-(
new degrassi tonight! prom! ...i might be eternally 12 like mariah carey. :(
wow what am i going to do on the weekends now! :(
feeling sick :( going home 20 mins early
twitter isn't letting me check dms or seriously common now? :( ughh. going on twitterbreak for a couple of days. :) x
you should believe in your own talents, and not follow what other people say :( you should confront them about what you do!
hungry as hell! :-(
when i had three kids from a rapper their should have been some type of disclaimer proceed with caution you will get hurt :(
do i get nothing if i unfollow her :( ?
some pathetic loser hacked :(
i have that :(
needs a cuddle buddy :(
i broke the screen to my phone :-(
ughhhhh i feel soooooo sick ! *cough cough* :(
had a nap after work and can't sleep now :-(
:( i realllllllly want him to text me right now
i'm so jealous!!! i want to go so bad :(
seriously woman i'm shaking i have soo much coffee in my system right now.... not me :(
miss you :(
me and is beefin!!! :-p * :( y? i didn't even do nothin!
come hang out at my place soon? i miss you :(
just woke up bcos my office boy was calling me,, ah menggangu, ngapain siiiiiih :(
:( i wanna come back now tooo... i miss you already.its been like 7 or 8 hrs since i seen youuu
lol kk. odaz goin 2 tantra.yall hv funn.me dnt thk so :( i don't even know o! my friends insisting we go to mirage
start a fever again. god, i want to be cured :(
i miss the philippines :| i miss everyone there! everyone is nice(: i miss my friends&family :( & the mangoss , aha.
and waiting for shah till i'm perspiring like a mad dawg! :(
trying to sleep so i will look nice & fresh for tea tomorrow but somehow i cant fall asleep! :(
done with pushing daisies... :( need moar.
work is making me lose my marbles :( today is just too crazy :t
*hugs* that's so dumb :(
missing ghost whisperer. :( boooooo! don't tell me what happens!
follow american idol cast-off didi benami who should've been in top 3 :(
i just eliminated my dweeb. don't feel as great about it as i should... might just whip out the 'p.s. i love you' and haagen-dazs soon! :-(
i dont have service :( f west greenwich.
i love living so close to st. francisville...such a cute city with some gooood soul food. too bad all the antique shops were closed :(
i miss nick so much :( get on...topofmeandfucktheshitouttamebabee
voce ta em sp? :( *eu morrendo de inveja*
im so tired of working friday nights :(
im like beginning to start typin ppl names wrong :l oppsie :( hopee i dont lose you guys over that.
ughh i can do it too: =p =d =d :) :( but better!
havnt had my phone alll day :( dont know where it is... so i havnt tweeted at all in like 2 days now.
would like a visitor. someone to keep me entertained. :( on the other hand, i got a bit of time before i should get ready. shopping. :)
what hurts? :(
hi there babygirl i've been busy today then my car broke :( it'll be fixed tuesday cause they hafta wait for a part *sigh
shit, hackers suck. i miss my followers so much!!! :(
:( i don't know his number or anything. or else i would.
my god gurl it be hurtin :( an did we get new seats?
txt: seems u r too busy for me this wk :(
kids have not even taken any breaks :(
u know, i never thought of it until now, but why haven't there been any deaf themed shows? pretty sad :(
he was supposed to come down for these holidays, but he was busy... and i'm not gonna see him for about 4/5 months :(
iight yll im leaving at 9..!! smh black ppl anit never one time :(
imy2 :( how's the beach?
lol! actually sadly i can't evn compare gpa stories. i only met 1 of mine once whn i was 5. :(
being an adult is expensive. :-(
awesome can't wait !!! i know, miami got kinda messy. i was meant to come to see you guys at w but i never made it :-(
q::( i'm sorry. a:i dont understand :(
fuck a sheep :( im so sick of it :(
i couldn't donate blood.
my veins were flat :((
i couldn't save babies. :(
lovin the easter holiday so far. i want an egg hunt! i miss getting loadsa eggs like you would when you were 8 :(
no fair! you lied and told me it was green chocolate! :(
is mean. boo you whore :( hahaha<3
did i fall last night? my ribs are all sorts of bruised. :(
yep i agree its sad that its so predictable now : (
i wanna go to your easter bbq waaahhhh :(
i miss you :(
i know :( they just have to keep showing it...
1 unfollower :(
nooo $$$ :(
whhhaa eugene is over and you didn't even invite me?! :( hahahaha. yes he is!!! ;d
um yeah....that big ass salad is moving thru me already! :(
aww thanks potensky i will miss you too best friend :( ly
wish i was there :( and the hottest. go go dancers in cali are here for your entertainment.
awww babyy !! :) but my throat hurts really bad :(
aww but not many can say they are 10yrs in, can they? you're a veteran, sir. :(
nooo, i haven't yet :( :( hopefully i will soon. if she's online later i might tweet her and ask her! haha, i'm excited for you!!
haha im good i asked esmeralda if i can go over but she didnt write me back :(
wish i could drive to modesto right now & be at boomers. just to see its a 2 hr drive from oakland maybe its too late :( .
missed my goal time by 30 seconds. :( good thing i have 6 more this month.
so tired. gonna head to bed early, i think. :( good night, twitter! :)
i only have .95 cents :(
rain's a cancer :(
imm backkk, and i'm not sad anymore.....i'm just sleepy now :(
the local, a pub in minneapolis. i was in chicago a couple weeks ago and was going to hit you up, but there were no matches :(
i wish :-(
i thought the point of today was to not be alone and to bond :(
it's not over yet. we might still get lucky ;) don't give up hope. this is not romantic at all #smallville :(
crab legs!? i wat some so bad now :(
6 years is a long time :( ...........
thats the song i forgot to put on my ipod :-( but i'll do it before i go to sleep
:( true the worst thing to do in a relationship is hold on to sum1 who doesnt want to be held on 2
oh my genius guys,i had mcdonalds twice today plus bubble tea and i walked for so many hours! my feet are killers now. :(
watching 90210 b4 we head out 4 r last dinner :( -amy ;)
some pathetic loser hacked :(
wow that's just my luck 2 .... truely i suck life! :-(
arrrrrrrrggh why can't i just drift back off like any other normal person can who has worked for 7.5hrs on 1hr sleep :( not happy.
my life officially sucks :( all i want to do is cry...
