sry, i can't speak spanish :(
i want ruddy to follow me too :(
ah damn! really wish you could aww :( thanks for attending anyway x x
yeah i tried soya milk last week. wasn't all that impressed. does change taste of tea+coffee. :(
ohh yeahh i almost forgot i know i'm like 3hrs late but i like how left me without saying bye.. :(
tummy aches keepin me up :(
down side to diet... nothing fits properly anymore! :(
dont know y it happened for the last 2 days ..... i had a dream 2 days back then it continues with last day night too.[full of horror] :(
please help me to create an anime avatar, i need it!! i don't have a pc so i can't create it :(
me too :(
damn, 3 awesome songs for 1 video! :( can't decide :(((((
i liked a youtube video -- earthquake in haiti :(
ohhhh you're making me feel bad for not planning to study :-(
moving my number to o2 :) it's going to take like 5 days though... :(
aww :( is it really?
yeah the last one was in early march :( such a bummer. but nvm, froyo soon. talk is cheap, gotta work it out.
naww :( my vest friend is on but she is away lol. so it's boring
i was following but he wont follow me :(
i miss the fpc :(
i might just try :) i havn't got a web cam :(
#np everybody knows- john legend...mkes me :(
d: nones tweeting :(
udah gue bersihin pake aseton :(
i hate travelling :( not gna get there till twenty to seven apparently! cant be right -x
yes, all you people who can sing, rub it in :(
well thats disappointing :( beautiful as they are and better for me than gorging on chocolate! :)
i don't know what to do! :(
iz not happy .... got woke up at half 9 by a text :( :( x
:|:| someone followed me it wasn't :( i find it funny how i got my hopes up :l
< why are none of you commenting? :(
you poor thing :(
5 fucking hours sleep :( thanks man
baseball season only a few days away, still no tv coverage :(
i miss glee already :(
lol see how your are! :-( how did it go? i hope very well! talk soon? xoxo
haha iya sekarang gue yangtelat -,-rt anda telat :( haha huehehe hello indres:)
tats kewl...but only 2 :( v want 2 c u more...
wtf :( i cant sleep.. uuuuugh
hr ini km gak kmn2 yang? miss you too !!!!! :( mwaaaaach my! :*
i need a cuddle :(
semakin followers nambah semakin following nambah pula :( sama aja bohong dah
same :-( i've got a week and a half off sains after today! wooohoooo! :-) x
:( it wont upload the background i made cause it says "twitter is over capacity" :| fucking whale
no one wants to go shoe shopping with me :( also i didn't sleep well o.o :but church at 9p.m., then christopher's birthday party :)
i miss my best friend tessa :( she tooka three month twitter break, she said i should too. i think i am. i should.
along those lines. and i fear a lot of mess :(
just found out that georgia spent the night at the vets :(
nc. : ( off...
its 6 already :( i seriously am not ready for the mocks! ugghhhhhh!!! i need an extra week!!! my brain's dying here!! d:
why have i just lost 2 followers ? :(
:(
:( i cant become a be more ambassador until im 18 :( that is a major fail i thought i could finally put my words to actions ....
:-( i just retweeted something i didn't mean to retweet but that doesn't beat tweeting yourself.
is up and can't find no good channels :(
just reminiscing on old times :-(
all tweets gone! :(
omg!! i feel so unwell :( i actually can't hear out of my left ear and apparently i have some sort of tonsillitis :( omg! how can i go...
omg i know, if they dont tour for brandnew eyes i will cry :(
i just won't lose u because of that stupid reason :(
lol whetin dey houston? ok......i just really need to get to houston :(
i'm rather well. just a tad shattered i'm spending tonight at home. i really wanted to go rats tonight. :(
loves working bank holiday saturday :(
omg thats fucked up :/ how can survive :( but i heard she say she doesn't need internet anymore. xd
i hate to say it; but was right. he does have only a slight geordie accent :(
it sucks no?:( i mean, living a life like this. hayyy pero gusto kong umalisss :(
im moving my feet soo fast cause im so nervous haha, i dont know what there is to be nervous about.. i aint gonna get a reply :(
i don't feel the vacation.. :(
watching a thing on haiti ,its well shite man :( no wonder folk try to raise money would be worst thing ever :|
my phone broke :( do i get a new bb or an iphone?
ugh so tired. suddenly doing day shifts after a long chain of nights is lameeeeeeeeee... :(
my mood was totally destroyed ! :(
what a pity me, after hear that u not miss me :(
i wish it's not true.he must be really tired :(
wat da fuk i realy diidnt mean 2 say that....merabi92 plzz dnt go :( iim sorry i love u plzz i cnt live witout u i just found out iim emo
i know..my first one was in grade 4...last one in year 7...i was somewhat tall in year 7 :(
is it the steel door versus the volkswagon issue? i still don;t know how jl bourne explains the discrepancy. :(
just woke up :(
love, got your text but wala load globe ko. i'm not fine pa,& still expecting the worst. when can we bond? :(
by that time, i might have small eyes, like a crab. but will be glad to see you with 'em anyway. no drinkies 4 me 2 nite :(
i knoww, but how?? i don't now :(
singapore, why are you so small? :(
it's sad how little retail therapy does for me. material things just don't make me happy anymore :(
did the heavy rain wake anyone else up last night? that was crazzzyyyy« woke me up i was sooo mad kmt :(
want too :( massage time...i need to b relax...
but no nandos :( xxxx just landed in new york, gotta love this city!!! shopping, shows ,steak........
you are my dealer! haaaaaaaaa i feel sick now :-( i've had to leave half the main egg til later! lol x
i'm serious too<3 /via well you don't even sound excited :(
soreeee head! :(
aww did he not :( or did he notice you :)
i'm so sorry for my late reply. i'm fine :) but there's much homework... so i'm also tired :(
ahh, sounds nice! this has got to be one of the most emotionally draining weeks ever. i want to go back to the diff. :(
lol ! i love that song <3 xx sorry my ipods like fucked up & it won't let me tweet sometimes :( x
i'm up awake and alive at 11am ...that's the kind of horrors that comes with being at home. :(
oh ya?? td siang pdhl di rmh baek2 aja loh..rt aduh dinda sakit campak. kasian my princess. :(
takuttt kenapa?? mom, i don't wanna go to dentist one day :(
no ipad yet. we didn't have the money right now :(
thx a lot! english is difficult! :(
omg! why did i get married too was so good :(
i miss my best friend tessa :( she tooka three month twitter break, she said i should too. i think i am. i should.
hey 8 , sms aku dong :(
i don't want to wear pants :(
it doesn't taste the same anymore man :(
haha i can't... :( im flying out to see justin bieber in sydney on that day :( but ill see u guys in may :)
no :( i am working on it thou... ! don't tell me you do?!
he'emb tehh.. sbar teh?rt uuuuhhh :( kea ny ga ada?
awww i miss you tok baby :( xxc
i'm missing someone right noww .. blurrrrrrr :(
i wish i could sing lool// co-sign! :( wish i could sing so bad!
exactly :(
bbmin wit my other half at this hour ..... its times like these when homesickness kicks in realllll hard :(
iyaa sayang, di sini ujan jg..:(t pengen kesitu, tapi masih ujan ka sil :( pantai double six with way...
