i know i'm wrong :( :( :(
was knocked out and now i can't go to sleep :( #nofair
amin, you too mel, all of us sukses yaaa ;) seminggu lagi van :( pesimissssss din
lol took me a minute to figure out what you meant no wikiloop, just extremely long journals for my essay. :(
i wanna go malling tomorrow :(
my nails are falling off :(
omg !! she wanted to take mommas phone !! damn :( nowaaay
byebye adisty amelia .. will miss u :(
my deviantart's pending messages are getting out of hand :(
fucking day :(
i haz reprieve but its only temporarily :(
yeah :( sorry about the other night too hun <3
last day in florida :( but thats ok! only reason i dont wanna go home is to take a physucks test :(
sumpah gue laper banget.. :(
justins gonna be 17 next year naww his getting older :(
remember me. oke!!!!!! ah knp mesti sad ending :(
good morning...i am patiently waiting for this cold to go away :( :)
why is he different? :(
pathetic pathetic pathetic :(
and again i have woken up with you not following me im going to give up you will never follow me :(
god,give me the way for this problem :(
juz wanna catch a glimpse of you :(
birthday countdown :( boring!
satnight = sadnight , without you :( #llf
principles of management pa work ate my weekend afternoon completely :(
that sucks arse :( <- that it does... enjoy that chocolate tomorrow lil lion :(
fuck off rain! was ment to go out 3 hours ago :( and i've got to go visit at work in an hour as well! rarrrr
even i cant meet up or see you at least you knw im yr big fansss! and please follow me :(
blackberry scopes black throated thrush! not the best! :( but i seen it :)
yes.... it's not a car :(
where are you? :(
somebody come save me :(
oh i'm sorry for spamming ur timeline :(
god,give me the way for this problem :(
hello! how are ya? sorry, congratulations for what? lol! aw little paris is 12 today! i really hope she has a lovely day :( x
weekend ni hanya pulpen, pensil, penggaris, f0li0 garis n kalkulat0r yg setia menemaniq. . :(
still don't have the new cod map pack yet :( #cod... #mw2 #cod6
amin :)rt god,give me the way for this problem :(
sitting in caravan, it's raining and am extremely bored! :(
no! mums like 'you're clotes will be creased! not until tomorrow!' :(
yes :( don't feel like going home after that. keke
not happy :(
its probably not, you may have just over indulged, always the way hun :-(
huh??? who unfollowed me?? omg... wats happenin? i keep losing followers each time i'm almost reachin my goal!! :( am i that mean? sori :((
#nffc why can't i see any updates..aarghh modern technology :(
stupid undergrounds taking forever! :(
i had sometin really influential to tweet... but now it's gone ? "/ i had the short term memory of a llama :(
iya kamu butuh brapa to love? tp jgn banyak2 haha terserah km, mau ta love? :( brapa? tp
where is selling the nice clothes? it's not livi anyway :-(
as usual .at jkarta rite ?rt i hate traffic jam :(
kayak gnr menurutku :( bukan tipe pendengar musik spt wolfmother dkk... tp lagu mrk yg far away ini boljugs
except when they wake you up, then they're the worst :(
i was thinking of shopping with my dad but i just found that he has work todaaay.... so saaaaaad :(
i know i mention this every week but god these hockey practices are too early :-( (@ aréna cynthia-coull)
sad thing is that i probably will :(
