i'm watching manchester united v chelsea on 3d (by 3dtv). mobile condition is very poor. :( come on! man utd!
gua pengen jujur ke elu, tapi gua takut lu jauhin gua hueee :( #llf
what is this, what is this, what is thisssssss?!!!! #alwayskeepthefaith :(
:( what time is it there then, you getting one ?
i can never find history! i found it once in a store, but unluckily i never had enough money. :( l.o.v.e
hello, hmm i dunno..my cold got worst, i wanna go out and i miss work :(
someone, anybody out there, can you help me with math :(
sadddd. :(
she didn't even consider what i said? a380,$900+ ?!?! oh ya wait,we don't even go out much.. :(
tweetie is made for macbook, isn't it? hm, i don't have a macbook :(
yup shane watson is playin today:) does not seem to be helping :-(
says whole day at home very bored. :(
i wish! not today :( at my mums so bit busy! maybe a trip back down to london is needed! sort out (cont)
serius te? kemanaaa? mau ikut deh :( udah terbete nih gue
no football today :( i feel too ill
where got everyday emo? :(
where are you? :(
happy easter to everyone really really missing my son everyone seems to be with there kids :-(
my face is sooo burned :(
don't have it :( i want to see it again lol. any other suggestions? :)
no directions at all...... :(
:( stoopid medicine didnt workie very well. i feel a tad sickish again!.
the screen suddenly so small sia! i am bored naooo :(
omg!!! the tiles are soooo cold!!!!! hiss teet shudve carried ma plushees :( they're so warm and comfy
exactlyyy. :( they expect us to learn so much stuff in a month time.
i want the summer, it´s so cold :(
i'm aso trying to be followed by him but he hasn't notice me yet!soo sad :( but don't give up,as wat others say!kip tryin :)
aaahhhh baddd-johnssonnn-timmesss :( :( :( j'adooree laaaa shannonn dammsss ;dddd looooool xd xxxxx
omfg, guess who gets a new laptop!? if no one acknowlodges this tweet i may cry... :(
haha im not a werido :(:( i just dont like wearing it! your a meanie :( lol
da e cam urat afara :(
cant go back to sleep :(
:( i miss being excited about supernatural
oh no, so they're doing the exact opposite of that they're supposed to :( can you rest up today? x
not feelin' so well :-(
i have such itchy eyes :(
hating revision already and im only 3 days into the 7 weeks of torture!! :( :(
gonna cry for days if i cant go to sydney for :(
awww of couse we don't think he's god?!? how could u say that? :( n im nooot obnoxious>???
maaf :( yeah damn im alone, oh no lonely
boo 2 time difference :(
i wish i could afford modcloth :( man, its fun being all grown up ;)
no, i'm not :(
gua pengen jujur ke elu, tapi gua takut lu jauhin gua hueee :( #llf
haven't slept, on my way to lax. denver bound and not happy about it :(
trus nad 'donna hi mo bokutachi wa futari no koi wa owaranai to shinjiteita' yg artinya whatever happens our love will never end :(
ur issues are beyond me officialy :(
i thought u want came back to me but u leave me alone here, huh :(
still no internet. urgh i miss twitter & facebook. :(
her friends mummy died :(
i don't like my major. i'm majoring pharm now :( it's so damn hard!
ayoo dong...!! aelaahh,, please!!!!!!! :(
aaaa please come to indonesia!!! begging you :(
lol where's ur spirit gone? there's no fun crushing u every match day anymore :(
i need you in here with me, i love you please dont leave me :(
i missus you too :(
i'm sooo jealous of emma rigby :(
at ikea what better way to totally fuck up your easter weekend :(
cos nobody jio me out to watch. boohoo :(
i've got tired of it. sometimes hot, sometimes cold. :( i just dont understand why?! :(
wordpress support chimi on "500 internal server error fresh install": same problem here .... :( but i m under wi...
but carry on trying to work the ps1. it won't stop clicking :( ps2 it is.
roar, cannot jailbreak ipod touch 3.1.3 3g! :( faster update leh ><
the thought of that sent an actual shiver down my spine :(
mianhae telat tweet #alwayskeepthefaith :( oppa we miss you 5, no 2, 3, 4 or 1.
amber! when will u make comeback? i miss f(x) a lot :(
i just miss you. :(
rage :( yea i've been searching all over the internet nd still nobody has uploaded it :/ thanks anyway <3
somebody come take this headache away from me, i can't stand it aaarrrggghh...oh ya can't scream will make it worse..sigh :(
a girl is crying, i just want to go up to her and give her a hug and tell her it will be alright! don't like seeing people in pain.. :(
