cheap clothes obviously but not human rights :(
mine is officially like dead and near to deletion due to falling readership :(
gk sring ol t.t lgi ad msalah yg dh bkin gue nangis & stres sharian :-(
:o:o:o! omg, were you alright? omj that's awful :( but i guess him followin you, cheered you up? :) xx
worst part about people coming to visit is that they have to leave again :(
is trying to work out how to use twitter but not being very successful :(
the sound guys say it's working fine. :(
i dedicate my 4920th tweet to b/c she has to study on easter ... not fair :(
i have to study :( wish me good luck
on the hit music network 12 -4pm...no chocolate eggs in the studio :(
feeling guilty :(
awake :( waiting for the gym to open i guess....
d: i hope you find it. :(
that's lovely. :-(
t.t nyebut win tunggu ya ini yazan lagi on the way to pick me up.kita double date hari ini ya :(
ah right, sounds nasty, you should get her something for it. really can't be nice to do or hear :(
it doesnt take alot of effort to key in a few buttons and hit 'send' right? :(
i'm sorry granny,i don't know where to find you :(
i wanna watch diary of a wimpy kid. :(
aww boooo hope you've not got what i had :(
from what time?? been here since 6 :( and usually finish at 12!! and i'm a dirty nothing but wouldn't you like to know!!
i miss the champ of tetris :(
get well soon :(
i cant sleeeep , & all you guys are sleep :(
9 messages on my phone a cant read :(
i know :) but we have to wait till the 30th i think :(
phd.. please hurry!!!! starving to maxxx.. :(
not excited for the upcoming camp..... :(
must admit that mr.lmho is really good& different from bof in his gay's form.i almost gave yp on him :(
out now, in uncle's carrr. i'm like the only kid, aw :(
i like youtube better as it was with those little 5 stars ^^ stop being so wannabe facebook! :(
please follow me :(
capekk.. kepala puyeng sehabis hunting accesories buat ktrampilan trz bikinnya. gk sempet istirahat.. hu'uhh :(
hehe awesomeee xd i'm kinda tired, may sleep early tonight, which means no ninja easter egg hunt stealing :(
me and love.. our last wknd :(
shitt! i cant because i dont have internet on my blackberry :( remember cuz im o2 :( :( :( crap !
sumtimes i wish i culd go bak in time :(
i miss my girl so god damn much. what the fuck... :( falling asleep without her is killing me.
haha it's so bad! but so catchy! i've had it in my head all day! :(
yeah i thought waihoe wouldve been nominated too :(
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww dad just told me we have to leave at 8 tomorrow morning :(
it would've been pointless for me to do it, you know you don't get my calls and texts :(
d': not sure if i'll be able to see you before you go :(
just got back from meet !! worst, she bluff and cheat me never go club :(
i'm guessing mu 0-2 chelsea :(
cadence spring classic ride is tomm!!! ya'll better be there! cobbles, hills, and most sadly, woody's last shop ride :(
looking grown. no more little sweet brandon :(
i miss jessie. and i miss siobhan. anyone that i ever get close to moves away :(
you have filled my feed with tea and crumpets now and i don't have any. #joebonteisabigmeany *sob* :(
argh im in a fight wit my bestie :(
lol i was playing fling .. for half an hour.. and i woke up too early again this time :( sighs. don't care, going back to sleep!
have a bruise on my head :( while i was cleaning my room a candle fell on my head :(
well so am i...had to wake 7 hours! :(
my little fangirl heart is about to burst from sadness.. :( no wonder the meet n greet with junsu was withdrawn. tt_tt
