sad to say, i don't think i understood one thing you said, lol :(
i also really hope that wasn't your way of telling me mr. bunny is not real... :( --- what the???
q:why are you ticked off? a:i owe the bank money. :(
your poor eary, deary :(
okay so i have to clear all the junk off my bed before i go to sleep then :(
is back home :( but wassup
omg im so sad i missed that :( next time they have tiny chat please inform me pls
mhmm :]
but noelle never knew what blocking was and stuff and she's really hurt bout u lieing to her like that :(
workin :( ! i swear i hate this shit ima try & win the lotto! lol
i was crying my eyes out listening to that earlier :(
haha me too :(
aaaaa pleaseee reply my tweet gabe , pleaaseeeee :(
sadly enough; my mom tells me upfront that i need to get laid. :(
its good friday but nothing but bad has happened! :(
unfortuately i think that celine dion makes most things right. :(
lol i juhs wanna hear his voice ya kno? #caketweet i kno but itz true. he prolly watchn bball anyway so i doubt if we talk :(
ada suju sama shinee di arirang? mau liat :(
i wish i had a sassy jackie quote to tweet about :(
im sorry! :( il talk to you when i get back tho!
is it too much to ask for sum conch salad :(
grand leux cafe has a line out of this worrrrrrldd :( #michiganave
like i can't imagine--ten children lost everything :-( #pray for them..<---what u talking bout?
just drove past the old ihop :( rip
great afternoon w/@hmichelle05!! now time to clean :-(
i'm jealous. i can't eat crab :(
i'm an ice cream fiend! i'll eat it year round, but i cut back this year bc i still have baby weight to lose :-(
shhhhhhhhhh its not good! they all come on your bloody twitter oageeee! and i cant fucking get on it :(
it's about soldiers home from war. that stuff punches me in the gut. :(
oh no! hope they get you taken care of quickly. hang in there. :(
i really wish i could help :(
omg you totally should've been in the top 3 w/ siobhan and crystal. i'm gonna miss you on tuesday. :-(
yeaa i was gonna do that lol. i would be so ashamed if i got 4 no's :( xx
i was too late wasn't i? :(
i seriously wanna buy a fucking dress. :(
fuckkkk my work pants just ripped, they're the only ones i got & i startin 20 mins :(
i met a mother of 12 year old lfa girl in dr. office. she was getting her lst gardasil shot. why? same reason she's on birth control : (
crossing the 520 bridge during this storm = death wish
didn't do that today! i could just imagine, how scary :(
i think so too :(
it's taken :(
it is 3:40 am here in iraq! :( what time is in there?
w. liq'z on deck already!_we in there after i leave the hair salon :(
haha i love sydney she is such a sweet cute baby :) i think she does deserve her own emmy :) poor my danloe :(
ur phone is very disrespectful! :-(
#jersey wants u here too yo i wanna be on the east coast ny/nj soooo bad right now :-(
back in indianapolis :(
my eyelashes on the other hand are not my friend. :(
i love how my blackberry decides to go haywire now. :-s and i have no time to fix it before the movies. :-(
.. see if i'm typing right :(
i'm sorry to disappoint you haha, i work for konami usa, not konami japan :(
one of the worst days in a cool minute… :(
can't find my charger & i got one bar :(
damn it. why is there no ice cream in this house?! :( i could seriously use some ben and jerry's right now...
chillin at work :(
chaddy broke my strings to my tennis raquet!!! :(
what's that yellow stuff in crawfish? <doodoo•• noooooo! :( i thought it was seasoning
nope my memory was full :( but i got their autographs
gr at target and chloe wont buy me the almost alice cd :(
my dad is still at work, i miss him! :(
laugh at my misery then :(
awwwe :( how are yu feelingg now ?
selena, brandon, jason & joe......i really wanna see you guys!! :(
i'm sorry you're so grouchy. :(
busy day at work today. was off at 7pm but still here charting at 8:40pm. :(
reaaaaaaaaally when don't tell me i missed it on 4 :(
had an awesome day, 2morrow will be my last day here :( i hate going home- i want to stay in the snow forever...
imysm :(
sadly no :(
my globe phone beeped... someone texted me.. hooray! :) but then it's not you... and i'm back to being sad again :(
if youve never met justin, :(
ahhh my lip is starting to hurt.... :(
lol okaaay.. ima be highly upset if u && my boo get together :(
#backintheday i remember watching shows like growing pains, smart guy and boy meets world. wish i could have those shows back :(
i swear this is some moistin session. feel belittled! :(
