mister murphy's law, u can kiss my white ass. :( quit adding to my demise....
jack mcmillan, no thank you :(
tohoshinki mw bubar? :-/ what does it mean?? rt@tantrak :o serius,mar? :( omo...tohoshinki will
belieber is no longer a trending :(
i actually just went to check! noo there's none :(
lazy git. you been practicing at all? i was really disappointed lastnight, aborted doesn't translate onto recorder well :(
my friend that's now his new best friend it happens all the time :(
you get jrm, my friend got sam worthington, i get the guy from heroes. no one even watches that show! :(
just got off the phone with my daddy. long heart-to-heart conversation. gotta resist the urge to cry right now :( i miss him.
my feet hurt. :(
oh he no well :-(
haha i doubt it, i never get that much :(
kapan gue nyobain sour sally melon mint? :(
shervellllllllllllllllll! :( sigh :( i miss talking to you about my troubles.
what an awesome satnite ! *ses :(
only 2 of u wanna play gts :( c'monnn people!
i seriously wish my dream last night was real :( it felt so real and everything :( :(
hey madame good morning so april 12th are you free? what would you need? tried to dm ya but ur not followin me :(
my thumb hurts :(
the notebook movie made me cry :( i didn't know it had a great story! i love it! one of the best movies i ever watched! :)
yeah. i'll definitely do that ^^ ooooh! its damn warm here. we don't have 4 seasons here :(
shines outward life happens in people's heads? it's beyond comprehension :-( omg omg hahaha. tkpe, boyf can help me a hutterite...
i've been thinking...maybe i hold people at a higher regard than they hold me. i give folks too much power :( if i say i <3 you i mean it
kayaknya emang gg boleh donlod video it :(
isssss hunggrryyy :( buut forcing myself to waait for tonitee :) (well thiis morning lol )
they are playing "infinity" on the radio. flashback!!! i miss "russetiden" and tryvann :(
< funny picture of the bible with a warning on it. well funny but truly sad :(
when do i get my break :(
idk. well maybe she's not the love interest. :( i am jealousssssss.
getting ready for work :( « dr. akpan prepares for the day ahead.
iya shnek duh atid ne :( , dw jatuh? dmn?
gargh, isohunt was down and gave me a game: i won it all, but nothing after the russian :(
no :( bad headache.
iyaa syg dia mati :( ada yg ganteng tadi caaa, huaaaa watching clash of titans with and fathur
on my way for work :-( snif
wide awake... about to watch above the rim... i love tupac! wish he was still here!!! :-( "did you hear what i said, you still here"
they were my own :(
woy semua follow dia deh! jamin timeline ga sepi! ----> eh eh 9 followers lagi dong biar genap please :(
was stalking yr last.fm just now our compatibility has gone down :( yr listening to laura marling interview same time as me!
i'm beginning to think u do not sleep like me here : (
i mean seriously, this is not journalism and i am truly ashamed of all this media hype :( why can't we just let them be!
& im not surprised man . you big scoundrel titty licker !!! :(
good to have the nashers back in business! and gleaming pearly white to boot. mine are beige : (
mine crashed entirely yesterday and chrome has been acting up since the update. :(
rains not hit here yet today but i can't imagine it'll be much longer :-(
5secs to a bottle. if its non-alcoholic, i do not know how to sip it.»«»«»hahaha chai!!poor maltina :(
has got the most ridiculous rash on my face! not impressed! :( x
poor him. :( i wish he always stay healthy and happy
cheers lads. unfortunately i don't even have a tenner. desperatety need a job :(
every time i move into a new flat, the previous tenants were using a different provider. bt make me pay to connect it back. :(
wow this day sucks and rules at the same time! i think my ipod is officially dead :(
i'm bored. ian's at the beach right now. i'm jealous! :(
jaaaaaa :( lame he, so uncool
huhu gak seru have fun ya tg.karangnya bsok dlln, sory kykx sy nda ikut :(
bad day :(
i wish was here already :(
i do not :(
i miss you too honey. i mean it :( i have a loooot of stories to tell
wasup with your bbm?! i left you a big thank you note on your table :) was actually trying to fix your curtain for a hour :(
i <3 starbucks' cheesecake with strawberry coulis! why don't they have this in manila? :(
please tell me, i don't like this :(
disappointed :(
attended black caucus. dinner at prospect house has decreasing marginal utility, coz it's always the same :(
so its 6:09am and i can't sleep too much on my mind ..y r men so dang stressful? ugh :-(
lol lazy! i'm running me a bath! blasting chrisb album! i have a fat ass headache! i wannnnna go gym. but no one to go with :(
nice:) i huged big rob in mine but not :( big rob had loads of tattoos though:l
i hate the rainy day :(
i wish i knew how to cook! :-( pasta is about the only dish i can do!
i hate my dad, he made me watch nightmare on elm street. evil man evil i tell you! :( now i won't be able to sleep!
hahahah!!! :) see i can't eat wendy's like :( it hits the tummy to hard..gotta keep it flat!!lol ..you lucky duck you!!lol
has anyone got any easter eggs yet because i haven't :(
i miss the days where i was in love with brown eyes :-( me and gaga both had our hearts broken by brown eyes :-(
i hope so.. i dont wanna wake up an hour early :(
argh! take me with you! i wanna see it, but says it's gay...not that he rules me... >> what's gay? :(
there is sooooooooooooo many people here!!! no chance alre :(
morning. ohh my days i am tired :(
sleeping at the nanas tonight big comfy double bed, wahooo :') <3
hmmm i realy need a drink :')
i dont hate, i just hate what you do :(
at a's place, he's dieting and i am not allowed to make easter sweets or anything delicious. : (
want to watch #thelastsong , but i need to wait till april 28th :(
very worried about my little pipsy :(
please please please can you sign this :( xx
i'm so chicken baby :(
gtta headache frm drinkn aalll dat wine. need to go gt some water but its drk dnt feel lk fall in da drk. :( im thirsty!
u feelin ne better today? wish was in cardiff :( x
aih bencinya ! ndak puas banget liat maenku tadi ~ :(
remembering the girvan three day bike race, now rebranded the toor doon hame: no more saturday nights at victroy park :(
what the flip is chocolate city :| someone bring me in // :o there's a chocolate city!? the home i never knew :(
edinburgh is so pretty today! disappointed that i'm spending today at the dentist! :(
i usually would have i've been before even when the steelers haven't been, but just couldn't afford it this year. :-(
going to my other grandma today ! have seen her twice since granpa died last year :(
omg....the smallest fish in my pond died :(
i think i'm getting old :-( i can feel it in my bones
finished enter without so much as knocking notes. still sick, though. :(
i'm starting to lose contact with you :(
im running norwich meet so i can't watch til late either :(
fuckyou fuckyou fuckyou fuckyou. thats all i can say! :@ i want to be there....now :(
idk :( i wanted to go buy vanilla cone before going home today then i saw like the signboard was gone and it was empty inside :(
has never seen his bookshop this devoid of customers :(
off to the airport in one hour :(
i feel like shit :( ill ill ill
awake, couldnt sleep at all last night. i feel so sick :(
i hate being ill :( got a cold!!!!
i'm allll alone in teh house watching titanic. heck i'm bored. talk to me? :(
spell mum right. and what's up? :( i'm really depressed now... way to ruin my easter saturday mom!
just checked my credit card. i got screwed with the payment. :( wait 'till tuesday to see what's what.
sadly not :( i live in indonesia. its not available here
paint shop pro decided to not respond >:( just lost like half the icons i was making :(
fancy something reallly good for breakfast. yep, been up for 5 and a half hours and not yet eaten! :-(
why i'm up at 6am?? :( u know that means i have a lot on my mind!!
its raining cats and dogs! how to go home! :(
my calculator is waaaaay on the other side of the room :( i'm so lazy! :l
#omgthatssotrue that nothing goes like i want it to :( it somewhat rhymes well ^^
smoga ga ngulangin lg deh hehert pelajaran buat next time~hoohoort iya hikshiks nyesel :( nah itu dia y
kay. yeah theres even one called 'idina should dump taye for me.' that's just wrong :(
i just wanna go home!!!!!!!!! :( l
nope. back in wack ass west oakland :-(
cant sleep. :( tummy hurts. !me a lion! gr!
i hate this bout me :( i don't like normal stuff! i always want the best!
natalie left the house :(
has nothing to do today :(
hmm.why u live so far away?? :( <3
i know i use to read #betterphotography but after buying continuesly for 5 months my budget got some trouble and i stoped :(
sam... i will never see you again! :(
mass in gesu at 8 love :( easter vigil. hehe!
i'm very well thank you, now off for a long walk but seems like black clouds are closing in :-( hope you have a lovely easter!
hey it's ok it's hard to talk cos of the time differance :( <33
my ubertwitt wont work :(
