oh sweet :) i got to meet them after that one/the overage one.. they signed my top.. but i think it washed off. me too! :(
kok lo tweet ny yg sedih" trs :( sabar yaaaa
oh god keep him away from another girl and keep his mind on me . bless him lord because he's my guy :(
i'm still on my way. i missed my earlier train :(
really unfortuanate : (
did u guys check the shop :(
not for me sist. :( anyway, afterall it's such a very good saturday! ♡ ♡ ♡
i just wanna say i'm sorry :(
hmph. extremely bored :(
i think ill make my fill up my hot water bottle ive got an extremely sore tummy! :-( oh btw .. #imissmrsscoular
what's wrong bitcheeeessss????? :( lovelife is a bitch to me :'( help?
my parents wanna go to my grandparents :( jonas brothers live easter webcast ...
that's okay dear :) oh big sorry mom :((( inget panggilannya dia :( oh no!
yes she's refusing to come out her house :( she's went back to her bed now, all hungover haha
i really like heels thooo :( :l xx
ok, i caught a glimpse of myself in the huge mirror of burger king. me don't like what i'm seeing. :(
lol hope i didn't wake u :(
made choclate chip muffins , why cant i bake like ?? mine re so crappy :(
i'm back from shopping abd eating !»anything 4 me? 55+<nope. lol»so mean :(
haha, i spoke to some of mayday parade, they were really nice! :') i was gonna go to tft but i have no money! :( so idk haha
i feel like a princess with my tiara on...where's my prince? :(
going for a walk... wish i was hanging with di tonight :(
bought a hd monitor to play ps3 on , but it has no speakers :(
omg i wanted to come :( do u wanna go ??
has really done in his back :(
i'll be posting a few less links over the next few days. laptop is dead until i get the power cord replaced not easy on a bank holiday :(
enjoy the last two tour dates, wish i was there :( do some birmingham gigs soon???? xxx
really needs followers , i've been so behind with being grounded :(
ente pazhaya kure mags okke chithal adichu :( athokke kathikkuvaarunnu.. :((
#epic #fail for not taking m vijay in my fantasy team- was tinkering with the idea, but decided to go ahead with uthappa :( #ipl #ipl3
totally agreed should deffo tweet some fans ive been waitin ages for a tweet/dm n never got one (hint) :( lmaoo x
oh noooo! poor u... at least it will be over with for next weekend. knowing my luck, it will be me who has it then! :( xxx
in fact ditch that idea, i just need putting in a skip to be honest, there's just too much wrong with me its hard to get up on a morning :(
sepi mampus . mau shopping online tokonya ga asik :(
so do i...except when i have no credit to reply :(
is envious over friends who are off the beach tonight. hate hate :(
yeahhh im all gooddd.. just tireddd :( aha
hahahaha! me to! it's amazing! no-one here listens to the veronica's :(
oh em gee not flippin football again! :(
damn! shit came 2 mins early ! no food till lunch time! at 2 :-( i wanna cry!
leaving in 39 minutes. sooo excited. i can't believe it's not on until 6.29 though :(
oh i didn't really listen to dbsk at all but that news is sad to hear :( if it was any yg artist i would be dying! t-t #alwayskeepthefaith
they rejected my visa. : (
udahan sebel sebelannya hehe echy sebel ma sapa?? haha :(
hahaha i was in stitches :) aye hailstones here :(
i missed it :( do ya know off hand if it goes into a podcast or gets rebroadcast?
i miss you too :( yknw i saw an ad on airasia promotion, only $20 to fly to spore. i was too late, the tickets were sold out.
i hate waking up in the afternoon. feels like half of my day gone to waste :(
saaii. today is really hard day :(
ohhh okay, i guess im confusing everyone so i guess ill just go :( cyah guys!
matchmaking is still troublish yes, have noticed it yesterday and this morning :(
no i dont like it :( #happybirthdayleona
:( is mad at me again hope i can make her happy this weekend. (aww take care of ur girlfriend ha)
: like shopping, but its not. i'm paying double for my stuff :(
i want glow in the dark nail polish. like the one i saw at tumblr once. i was totally awed. i want :(
major headache today not good :( i wouldn't mind, but i wasn't even the one drinking last night!!
can i say yes to the lift next saturday please, janice unable to come :( i can tho and looking forward to seeing the girls.
morning luv :) ochi missing me this weekend. :(
like your priorities! :) going thru wedding vendors to see what i could cancel to have money for an ipad. :(
japanese houses get soo cold... trying to avoid using the aircon too much. :(
wlak! it's a holiday ata3o el electricity :( i am going out
where exactly po dito sa legazpi ang gig niyo? wala po kase ako nabalitaan. :( thanks.
offline :(
geeeez. boring eh. i bet the babies wont be online :(
if you follow all of your fan maybe life would be better! :(
sick and the sorest stomach everrrrr :( x
tummy rumbling like mad ! :( not goood
rain in the forecast. :(
iya :( the champ #phoenixtop40 iyazz-solo madura agaiiinn..tabaahh eaa kak
ohh #jedwardeaster tweets that's so sweet! i love yous yous are in my hometown! i was gonna come see yous but wasn't well :(
so it'll end at ep 12 :( sedih .
coolios!! ^_^ hehe! & nope we're having lunch soon! unnie are you a dbsk fan?! i'm so sad about the news today :( <3
where are you ??? huhu ckck :(
can't sleep like this :(
i have the opposite problem :( x
t-2 and counting down :(
sedih amat jeeeng :( i wish i was your favorite girl, dad.............................
#jedwardeaster i can't afford a jedward easter egg :( i'm broke have a good easter guys and enjoy your tour :) x
im sorry , i dont meant to be like this to you :( , but i just hardly can control myself being like this and behaving like this.
sitting at home 'cause the weather isn't very good :(
am nat gut at dis now nodedol :(
but he's.. so flirty. :( yes! im mad. no im not in love. okay im nt wishing to talk to him anymore. *turningoff.
on my way to work, weather is laaaavly. :( not fair
shut up smh i can never sleep in :( ** two doses of #goodsex will clear that problem right up lmao
apple ipad out today in the usa, while us europeans have to wait until the end of april :(
miss you... :(
my mom just ran over a bird :(
i don't have sueñin :( wtf u r doing up?
tension in boring weekend! :(
i wish i was there :(
i alwayys ur tweets that sayy if we want u to follow us.. but u never follow me :( lol
feeling rubbish and i didn't even drink last night :( xx
bliin . akakkaa ha ? 5530 xpress music :(
boring day in... again :(
ahahaa okeee (y) remember me syg. maaf yah :( :(
had the scariest dream ever last night about a octopus rapist :(
okay dia udah dateng jemput skrg and i dont know what to do :(
woooohoooo...its my barth day!!!! 21alas...but y am i so sad...oh wait...im old now :(
meat makes me sick :(
uugh. i am sick :(
finally done wd #latex-ing my resume *sigh* ... took a hell lot of time :( bt i m happy tht its done & done 4 good :-):-) #win
kinda boring , got a horrible cough haha boooo :( hope you have a good one!! any chance of a dm? xxxx
tau ah, sakit hati tarus aku dibuatnya :( hahatiwas pacar kyituan woahahaha jelas (cont)
whatever, i miss lf badly :( and i need may asap!!
technically i still have 15 mins to sleep n i wanna take advantage but that would b stupid :(
its horrible down my way :(
i have a cold! :( booooooooooooooooooo
don't want to go :-(
ohh morkel gone run out, a superb innings comes 2 an end, tired legs, terrific knock, ohh gilly laxman's record stays intact :(
gue kangen ama personil 1 the lekongs :(
no :( to expensive for me right now. it's just the first launch in 5 years where i'm not an employee. it's sad.
i don't wanna leaveee :(
:( !!!!!!
the saddest moment! :( putar brulang2 kali proud pas yoosu nangis t.t #alwayskeepthefaith
i'm going to work in about half an hour. i need something to eat before i go, but my kitchen is getting decorated :(
bluh, i think i'm getting a cold. :-(
hotelnya mayan tuh suite room berjaya times hotel...yeaaayyy tapi sekmr ma boss gw.. :(
its jamming at the causeway and i'm hungry :(
the ipad doesn't come with earphones. :(
yeah :( be patient my lovelysistrt
'that should read'. oh arse :(
awww i am sorry to to hear that :(
damn, i missed my 26,000th tweet :(
hahahhha why sound so sad when u should be very excited ?!! haha. sian, no more malay coffeeshop alrdy :(
it's so confusing there are people here with pink hair that i don't know! my automatic hug reaction is inappropriate :(
i buy my world 2.0 but i didn't saw the golden ticket :( :( :(
i know! boo! :( still no eu pre-orders. total bs.
i'm hungry too. if only ember was open :( x
yes! magatsuhi is dead! now it's naraku's turn! i can't wait to finish the series but i have to go volunteer now.. :(
annnnddd its broked again ...poxy msn .... :(
i work there 2day :-(
i'm back home now. :(
i want to go back!
can't la babe.. bad timing.. have to attend to some important stuff :( thanks for asking.. maybe next time?
