is poor for 19 more days :(
uwh my stomach hurt :(
this if you hate people that unfollow you, just because you tweet too much :(
..leaving home again tomorrow.' :( hopefully i'll receive a txt or call for work..'positive vibes.. yeeh..
next time i am seriously bringing headphones for my ears. they hurt a lot! :(
omg!!! what a nightmare... :(
i remember something, when we went to sby, ... :(
this if you hate people that unfollow you, just because you tweet too much :(
and i just saw your previous tweet. hell i'm goin off 3 hrs of sleep and i'm hungover :( its gon b a long day
oh damit! im not following anyone :( tweet me if you want to be refollowed quick go go go !
but...will you reply? :(
ah what?! :( what were they doing? xx
i miss + :( x « miss u tooo chickk.. (cont)
oh damit! im not following anyone :( tweet me if you want to be refollowed quick go go go !
whats happened chickkk? :(
oh shizzle sticks. i really need to change my icon and this computers being gay and wont let me change it. :( so unfair.
i'd been painting for like 2 mins and my mum was like 'i'll do it by myself' :(
where is your boy? and alone :( boring saturday night
fuck! home | awake been awake since 6ish .. :-( somethinq bout me is feelinq real incomplete. . dont know what tho . .f...
needs a new haircut ... a new style fast :( my hair is so horrible :@
but i'm on :(
i want my hyungs back :( #alwayskeepthefaith
i'm lonely :(
if u hate unfolower :( x
ordered my phone last night, but because of the bastard bank holidays thou won't get it till tuesday :( me want it now!!!
i've had that before and went work it was the worst pain ever! absolutly vile, i did no work all day :( go home?!
2 research papers and 1 full magazine assignment due this week. all about 40% done only :( maybe i should get myself a good ramly
not yet :(
its a nther day witout u :-(
dunno, but i seem to have mastered the skill :(
6.681 cha .. what's wrong ? : faraa tolong liatin tweets ku dong udh berapa :(
don't think so :(
yes again :( it's okay it's over xd
i think yes.. but i dont hav e it..sorray :(
retweet :( bete gilaaaaaaa
i'll be there, as always :(
i watched it, but after the show they didn't come out :(
up getting ready for work, get to work with new pregnant employee yay! heard she is a loud mouth, may make for a long day :(
has to do with the tax computation of my parents.... :-(
noooo i sooo did not mean to put that as my thingy. i pressed the wrong button :(
home | awake been awake since 6ish .. :-( somethinq bout me is feelinq real incomplete. . dont know what tho . .fuck!!!
yes!!! doctor who premieres tonight in the u.k. but here in the o.k. we'll have to wait 2 more weeks :(
is oh so cold right now :(
mmmm jelly for breakfast. still feel ill! :( hope everyone else dosnt feel like this! :) x
my hair takes so friggin long to dry :(
dont think this milshakes gin to help me today! :(
yahhhh kamu ga ngmg sih, lagian drtd bb ku error soalnya ga bs ngetweet atau bban :( next time ya!
you and me both jase! suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
folding laundry today ... i'm so far behind, it's not funny :( then again, it's raining anyway, can't get more dreary than this
so i can fix a mistake idk if its a mistake i wish i could go back in time b4 i go to balu :(
yeh there's an open bug. meant to be fixing with update but waiting forever :-(
no postman yet :(
tom i have been failing when writing your twitter name d: i write dips and not dip :( mike pointed it out. hes mean to me.
:( i understand how you feel. its not good that the place is giving u bad feelings
why didn't i apply for halls at uni? :(
i never should have let you go.. :( ♥
ive had the mother of all headaches since yesterday :( so needed a distraction lol x
need sleep :( someone snores! hope my car passes its mot
but you gg with your classmates lah! haha i need to do smthg bout my evening :( hahaha!
not happy i think i've lost my phone :(
this if you hate people that unfollow you, just because you tweet too much :(
