why isnt #welovesteph a tt yet :(
oke makasih ya :) iphone 3g iphone 3g or nokia 5800? #pickone plissss :(
so much #ipad envy today, my us friends are getting them :-(
omg! happy birthday to you once again! sorry didn't get you a present :(
indeed!!! :( sissttt nyusul aku dongg kok sm ya ji prasaan kita?so true they are fake (cont)
:( messenger runs great risk of ruining my dad's birthday if it keeps refusing to let me sign in...
por que? :(
:( i have got the money, the time, and have to shop before 9th april and i don't like it meeee rt: who loves shopping?
aww thanks shirley :) hoping to have some weddingy pieces up there soon...once exams are finished.so much still to learn :(
wants to watch clash of the titans :(
nice..am waiting! reach within 30 mins or i'll have to leave :(
driving to the airport. :(
hah! obvs: lol, take that, heathen scum! feel better :(
good morning!! woke up unable to open my eyes. :( my eyes r swollen like i been crying all f'ing night. (bbm: crying face)
no i'm not! leave me :(
i realized that i always turn down the people i care the most. :(
cos i was meant to go derby with mates on thursday and stay til monday but everyone dropped out and i refused to go alone :(
i knoww :( jst wait, dw trust me !
uh no. i hate back pain :(
good bye mty!!!!! :( /via <--- ooooooooooooon
jus got out of the horrible double shift..so fkn tired..and i come in in less than 8 hours :(
whyyy ? :(
tell me about it .. :(
april 25th is gonna go so fast :(
kind of awake. why am i up before the baby?? oh yeah, my sinuses. :(
i realised i was only putting up 30 second clips, and probably just pissing everyone off. :(
yyaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh! gak jadi deh nonton clash of the titans :( gpp deh . mggu dpn
bagus? lihat cover nya ko ga meyakinkan hhee dira jg msh bnyak bgt belon ntn dvd :( ud ambil the imaginarium of doctor
feels like shit. im the biggest lightweight ive ever met! its getting quite rediculous now actually. hangover central again! :(
omg no not justin beaver! :( *sigh* it was someone else! *strokes cat with knife*
oh :( no problem :)
close tonight and tomorrow...chances are i'm on drive thru window 1 doing the whole days washing up from mackies :( *gutted*
had to leave work yesterday .... abdominal "whatever" hit out of left field ... today it is still flying ... :(
probably because people like myself eat them too early :-(
lol prob, iv jst remembered we went to a club last nite. cant remember arrivin or leavin ha ha, il prob be well ill l8r :(
they stop their activities ni :(
:o no fair. i would give you my spare one. :( <3
awhhh how :(
lol! i'm sure i will i love that place :) missing adam again at gb :(
hwaiting, cassies! remember that if we're hurting.. the boys are probably feeling much much worse. :( #alwayskeepthefaith
knpp??rt dikit smngt dong ya allah. :(
im uber shag from 1/2 day of work and 2 poks of mj. now heading for dinner and then work again! what a wasted sat! :(
ulngn apa? essay! soalnya essay atau option?rt wiihhhhhhh.., enak bgt.., :(
iv an i'm sorry, :( let's get this problem done, okay ? its torturing me, zz
very sad :(
lool nah i dont think so.. but he was telling me how he was laughing for time! damn i should have gone :(
come to think of it. i shouldn't have given her half of my finances.. coz when i need money, she doesn't have any.. :(
thought i'd let you guys know, i'm absolutely destraught you're not doing an all ages gig in melbourne, 2months before im 18 :(
mine kinda have problems that's why you see me using sms to tweet instead.... can only use ubertwitter with wi-fi :(
watched paranorml activity this morning,not scary at all!maybe if i watched it nite it wud have been :(
tommorow is my birthday! my first birthday without daddy :(
would be absolutely over the moon if this pain went away, please please please! :(
my daily carbs for fri 04/02/10 (177 carbs ) not terribly bad but still over my 150 carbs a day : (
off..adek saya udah ngambek :(
awwwww doh!! poor you! makes it hard hey!! :(
#nowwacthing delima cinta 2 hati, afghaan i love you afghaan :(
we're going to attend mass in the morning :(
nearly there. now for tonight... the flicks perhaps, though clash of the titans has been very badly reviewed :(
why did everyone leave fjord, coffee shop? rofl! xd nobody likes me... :( jk jk
ape lu rab? ribut nyok? hahaha robby besok pulang :( eh ada pebi
i know :( lol least it didn't hurt me too much
just getting in from work..... i'm beyond tired!! :( :( and i have to back at work at 11am :( goodnight.
miss the bri and dan monents :(
ckckck. body gede tapi cengeng. canda. hhe #nowplaying my heart- acha n irwansyah :(
oh noooo someone just unfollowed me :( i need 9 moreee <3
i wish that today was 1st of april :( #alwayskeepthefaith
kalo gw, spm, mejik, menbank, etbis, perkind, dll.. ha? apa aja ya? masii.. :( 9 tugas deadline uas! :(
sad....peolple that ive been supporting are not helping me with biebersupport :(
:(
there's a bbq at my grandparents house for easter, fun when i was 4 maybe? not anymore... :(
my heart is broken, because you dropped it, so please repair it :(
working all weekend :(
hahaha but then still thin wht ! haiyoh . yah luh , tuition such a bore :(
ia saya tau :( yeayyeay aku rame2 doongggg hahahha
all this time i think i'm in :(
going home later! yay! been sick the whole day :(
yupiku habiss :(
i am nostalgic :(
omg i want to meet them now! :( immediately! :l x
mai gap em som nha. nho em chiu het noi roi` ne` :( . khi nao day nho twitter cho anh doc nha em yeu...yeu em nhieu muahzzz..!
reallyyy?!? :((( on my on eyes, seeing someone killed his self :( innalliah
i'm being boring and wearing all grey today :( and i have to film for a collab to, sorry but i'm having a dull day,
nice hair day!haha!rt bad hair day :(
awwww, poor catholic church :-( c'mere 'n' giz a hug. #psych!
3 x macchiato's in less than 45min = very bad stomach and not-so-good photography mood :-( better luck 2mo x
big up to the morningside massive! sell! sell! i'm on boiling megabus to manchester :(
i really missed my ex best friend :( i don't know but i think we would be really good friends. what i have to do?
i've been praying for things to get better in the elf kingdom but fuck.. sme is being shit :(
selling my guitar :-(
no way!!!! :( 2010 malaysia gp: jenson button will be starting from 17th on the grid. #motorsport #race
everything :(
i know right :( i wish he was here for ever :'(
miss my bf :(
might just egg ppls houses with my easter eggs cuz i rlly dont want em :(
sponge bob wasn't on that late :( i do have a big sponge-bob sponge in my room though i got in toys'r'us!i'll just chat to him :)
hmm benci abis darikemaren ngirim sms ke not delivered semuaaa :(
longing to be on the road.. *sniff* :(
my big wonderful jawbreaker on a stick broke off of it's stick them finally went flying off onto the floor! :(
:( did it involve pink boxers and aston singing let me love you or was it different?
great no food in my house so carrot cake and come for breakfast :(
i want some ani ani!!! :(
only have a week off of college :(
i miss you :(
it has, indeed...i'll cry with you if you want :-(
...and now they're shoving it down our throats in full force. :(
ikr! :( i wanna get a cab shirt and tai shirt but it'll just be too much on the shipping. :'( i need cab and tai merch!!!!
lol orhhhhhhhhhh haha! no. : ( you?
is having succchh a good weekend but is going to miss jenny v much :-(
worried about my mil :(
iya ni kak huhurt baru" m jg ya syg? :( aduhh senggugutnya to be (cont)
nuhh uhh :( imaa keep it forever :)
and here i was thinking they might have put someone who actually lived somewhere other than the inner city in to agriculture :(
ugh, feel a bit sick after all that. i was close to tears whilst we were in the vet :(
oh my gosh i so badly wish i could meet but no i just have to live in south australia grr :( i wanna be frends wit him
has to go to ict revision sessions during the holidays :(
knowing man u dey will probably win :-(
im off to get ready :( cheerio! xx
aww i'm not:( just charging my batt herert okay,, now they're ignoring me.. :(
went to leopold's last night. the bullet holes actually made me shudder. quite easily the scariest feeling ever :( life is unfair
getting some tablets for the mrs. she's had a migraine all night :(
its raining :( i really miss the sun
where is :'( i miss her loads :( xx
its hard to be friends if you were in a serious relationship :( i wasn't able to stay friends with my ex. you'll need to
hey dollface ! awh, i cant :( i have no pennys do i :'( .. but thanks for askin me tho =] wers yous goin? xoxo
i'm thinking abt work and monetary benefits.. sigh~ i should slog out at work again. just for money :(
why haven't i seen snow yet :(
