fuck! lost a follower :( fuck you!!
oh, he dead. #jesuschristsuperstar why don't they hold the bus for him? :( poor jeebus.
is not feeling wel :-(
migraine, working, exhausted dont feel good at all, miss her :(
ha-ha-ha. they don't practice at all this week i suppose :( sighhh, the komander told me they will practice this week everyday :(
ga adaa acara satnite for this week -.- hooam i`m so sorry beiiy :( happy anniv ajaa deh . kadonyaa bsog yaa , tggu aja (: heheeeee *
yes bro, it hurts.....supposed to be cheering on liverpool :(
i don't want to go to devon :(
let's paint the town, we'll shut it down. this reminds me of floridaaa. :(
preparing the suitcase <3 germany here we go! <3 i'll miss u :(
has such a weird sleep schedule.its 1 pm and we're just now going to bed. haha. is it april 29th yet? i miss my boyfrieeeend :(
i've got for once in my life. it's awful lol! i had all the others too but i lost my ipod and my computer fucked up :(
& award for most patient follower goes 2 meeeee!! 3 days no reply, chck my timeline how many mssgs i sent :( haha hru fa??
will sleep na. i really have to sleep na. :(
:( taxi tell me he don't know where i wanna go -_-"
i miss my piano and guitar lessons :( going to continue after a's. i can't wait!!
stupid ice cream on apple pie :( i shouldn't of had that, major heart burn....im lactose intolerant. this sucks!!
hahaha yes.. ouw :( sorry
ugh! my throat's like closing up and i have to work 8-5... save me : (
going away for a few hours, :( byee
why only 1? i'm hurting a little that pres obama chose only one box on his census form :(
why do i always wake-up so darn early.
:(
just had a bad weekend :(
imma on my way home now!!! you text me later when you free k! tell me what happen! :(
just watched the time travellers wife it is the sadeat movie :(
sebel sama fans manchester united :(
please trend #demilovato :( #jonasbrothers
please give me strength :(
but i was only asking now... :(
i cracked my computer screen somehow. lame :(
damn i missed jamie :( ok let's do this!!
its so early! :(
jane yg sabar.. huert working on my marketing assignment :( and david is going to puncak and left me here all aloneee
aw i got excited there :( well im away to connors, text me if you here anything about the hottie! love you <3
not good.was up at 5.30 am throwing my guts up n then again at 6.30am thought am supposed be getting better now :(
i can't believe i'll cram this powerpoint tomorrow. :( one reason why i hate group work.
i hate having curly hair :(
my body is hurting :( idk y everything is tight!!
prof emeritus still there. but my fave docs have moved on. they're no longer on the staff list :(
ive waited for two days to see you and yesterday you werent there and today you ran with jeff :( xx
my cousins are shaking my house. they are damn disturbing. really :( wish it's 10 pm so then i'm free from their stentorian voices!
hahaha yes okay soon soon ;) i missed you all too i wished i could've gone sigh :( how was the partyyyy i bet it was fun right!! :-d
i really want to go to the cinema :(
why do u do this to me ?? :(
hey everyone!!!! i miss you all sooo freakin much! i'm sorry for not being on as much as i'm supposed to. :( love yalll
is all ill and snotty like :(
huge joy saw my first goldcrest this am, hopping along the hawthorn hedge in garden in corscombe, dorset. not quick enough for photo :(
good show,300 people. venue couldnt handle it! no more shows the lube. :( more venues to come! its all good
reinstalling mythbuntu for the millionth time :(
nope :(
please trend #demilovato :( #jonasbrothers
i need 3 moreee! is that so hard? :(
:( i am sure we will be back.
we dont have it in wa this yearrr :( x
sometimes life is unfair. :(
working 12 hours on a saturday :(
yeah. morning till evening his dad guna kereta. now ayah dia dah balik, so yeah :) rindu aiman lah farah :(
ah si plg :(
what's adobe flash player!!??i can't watch youtube :(
it's indefinite hiatus which means they may never perform together as toho again. :(
awww why do we need to sleep early? we're on a vacation :(
still no email or poster, how do i get in touch with these guys!? :(
i should eat, as i won't be able to eat until 6. but i'm really, really not hungry :(
wah ngaret bgt c reja.rt iyye ni reja lama bg.. :( cepet ka uda mulai .rt
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck! :-(
im so tired, i feel sick and i have a headache :(
paws-bellls haven't updated any of her fics. :(
ooww.. padahal kmaren udah nge tweet #indonesiawantsgaga banyak2 padahal :(
" serious " you is really too pretty i so much envy that you are my big sister : (
goshhhh, these aunties and uncle are killing me :( you're supposed to be here with me!!! hahaha.
im outta awwffff pulsa, sorry i cant text youu back :( but well idk i miss you :')
i hate saying no to people :(
this is so unfair!!! :(
sarang tvxq, dbsk, tohoshinki #alwayskeepfaith oppa. cassie miss you so much :(
1 unfollower :(
i should have given up colds for lent: 1. i wouldn't be sick right now, 2. i would have been successful, unlike current lenten sacrifice :(
i'm at the farmmm, been here all weekend, it's all good, pretty chill. i had 3 leeches on me today :( hbu??
can't believe #thesearemyconfessions didn't even trend, i had loads on it :( damn
this is so sad :(
:@ it's just started raining. i think it's going to be a slow day in work later :(
sighs its ok. :-( i want something sweet to stay awake but my eyelids are drooping hella
its raining sixes in chepauk now. have to be content with just watching it on tv :-(
:o they arent on my timeline?! and i didnt get any sent to my phone :( well keep tweeting them! they'll reply soon! xx
shit i want to trend for double s #501carrotsformal but i need to go off now. :(
he don't follow me too.. :( huff.. >.<
good evening, twitple! i miss... :(
being drunk ain't good at all. hope nothing bad happens to you. :( for now, take care.
its just that we can't access to cyworld if wanna view leader's pics... :-(
awwww! yeah my disc drive died, but evythng else is fine :/ so time capsule it is. my start disc is running out too :(
halah seribu jg gpp love makasiihh :( iya kamu butuh brapa to love? tp jgn banyak2 haha
he aint accepted me either :(
still good friends with holly? tell her, we miss her in public :( btw, you rock too wanted 2 see u orlando, but couldn't
good luck !!!! barricade yourself in the bathroom until your dad arrives !?! unless it's in the bathroom :(
morning twitter ! can't believe i'm at work... :(
jesus stole my disciples :(
gutted! didn't realise are playing the cockpit tonight and i'm going to a different city... boo!! :( bring on slam dunk!!
switch 2 t mobile ur company needs 2 get their crap together, my phone keeps dropping calls :(
ive lost my 'music is power' torch from last years underage :( its suddenly gone from next to my bed :o
aah :( i didnt mean to offend you be more careful on what words they say, you never know whom you might hurt
pilates is ze answer! wish i don't have this back pain. it hurt so much! :(
blog? suddenly my blog can not be opened! aaaaah and for formspring? i have. but i forgot my pass. sorry :(
so tired. :(
family day :-(
is gutted i'm gonna miss lucie in polo/stacie in bennets tonight :-( this djing on a sat night isn't working for me lol
bulan april = prihatin :(
....& so the man sleeps on the floor (me) in this case :( + the ladies take my bed....
http://twitpic.com/1cvag5
i need you penii... hiks :(
not in the rain no :(
gua drtd cuma #alwayskeepthefaith maaf yaa :( lg gundah gulana nyari slip lia
a long day ahead of me!! :(
you better be! i can't believe im missing out on you, coc, brittle, delamare & everyone else :(
is in the town of march, with very little internet access, won't be home till monday! 3 mobile broadband is so unriliable! :(
soorrryy tobe it was a crazy yday :(
two weeks of terror left. 3 papers and one hellish exam. hellish = life or death. don't delay meee! :(
