it was shannon doherty :(
riding lesson in an hour =) after riding i have to go to my dad :(

music♥ and my book♥
stop reminding me!!! lol xx im stuck at home , thanks to the cunts at london transport stopping my tube line :(
lol, i will see it again, but i cried a bit so dont laugh if i do again :l no, cant get hold of paul :( no one has his house
yeah, they're mostly dead already :( goodthing my bro has it on his harddrive in philz so i just have to wait to rewatch them ;p
adeuh kiw. he is always busy with futsal, i wish i had time to have a date with him. :(
if u will cry if really does have a girlfriend :(
make sure you dont wet yourself with excitement lol...oo wait thats me :-(
:( #alwayskeepthefaith
it took me about a year now for him to follow me! :/ but all i did was tweet him last night sayin he will never follow me :(
says twitter sepi :-(
have a sore throat :( not good.... i don't even remember yesterday...hmmm
i'm not ready for <3<3</3 :(
you're such a tease. for some bizzarre scheduling reasons, we dont get to see it for 9 days here in the uk :(
please this if you have a heart!!! #welovesteph !! <-- she's a belieber yet people are telling her dad to die of cancer!! :( #welovesteph
so webber on the pole for malaysia...... poor felipe qualifying 21st :(
his name is sex?! good riddens! or y i fought with sex :( . i think i have no boyfriend now .....
thank you for all the #ff love. i meant to do some today but i forgot :(
lol omg i freaking got a 3 on my ap exam for english how great i got a 1 on us history (lol) :(
i need this book in my life. why am i so poor. :(
yes so early!!!! what? ahah. where are you going? :(
what a rich haul in your post! have you got your review chocolate yet? i haven't :(
my side is hurting me for some reason not good :(
need holiday, not monday :(
yeah.. this entire bag is loaded with watermelons.... :(
why aren't they following me 2? i drink lots of prosecco. :-( omg i am being followed by a prosecco company! yes please!!!
i love you :( a lot i mean it.
wish my computer worked. :(
anjrit rahasia cinta segitiga terbongkarrt ipang! kamu selingkuh?! ih sombong! :(
just looked through my mates pics and never realised just how much she & her little sister look like each other...its quite scary :( xxx
ewww...i'm sick :( can't attend mishel's party :((
ikuuuuuuuuuut :( on my way :)
aaaw :( <3
eels just taste... like fat to me. :( sorry. you can have the bento if you want!
got the hiccups :(
haha, i've missed it actually :( was it a good one? xx
im gonna miss my dad... i know im only going for 4 days but still :(
too much herpes talk.too much yelling and is taking up the whole bed.not how i pictured my night ending :(
lmao, innit thou :(
is telling the world suck my clit today :| :@ :(
someone help! i can't seem to get down to studying :(
need holiday, not monday :(
:( it seems bread n breakfast in kemang has now shut down, only weeks after i passed by and commented "wow, it's still around?"
not yet available in my city :( not yet.i cant buy it:( you?
is tired of waiting :(
i've just come out with a load of spots. brilliant timing. :(
omg. i still have to write journal??? :(
aw :( tomorrows my first night out in about 6 weeks so think i'll be the same come monday x
pengen ntn clash of the titans :(
do i go to town today or not? so much to do :(
i'm not ready for <3<3</3 :(
no phone : ( looks like it will be tuesday when i get it .
off #offline :(
omg! so definetly dbsk is ended? at least for now...wow...so sad! they were my first kpop band ever :(
sianned bodoh . my hotel city no $ ! :(
i hate my job sometimes. i'm currently dressed as bopeep,standing next to a guy dressed as the easter bunny :(
ohh yeah shit so i did.....sorry jarppi :(
ga tw dh g. wkwkw kmn?? ayo pergi. hgaha ada yang ajakin gw pergi donk donk!!! :(
aaaaaaaahh, at this kinda time, i hate those arabian family rules! :(
i wish i could :( but someone else should cook >:o
so sad niley fans can't love miley & her choice]. liam is a great respectful kind sweet guy. he makes her happy but to them its who wins :(
unfortunately im woke :-(
demam :( hate this . ubat,choral speaking,netball. erghh !
awww :( poor thing! i shall be walking this one soon, then my own but at least its sunny today! have fun!x
doin the dishes again! :(
last night in town. i wanted ostrich burger, but it's closed for the easter weekend. :(
2 hours by plane. :( sadlyyyyyyyyyyyyy. boyfriend kuuuuu kesian. :(
me too :( i want new song ;)
u go out with only celeb :(
drinkin and doing things i shouldn't have been . please hug me , :(
me talk, walk and think like a bawze! awww bummer, mum's cooler than me :(
argh final of so many shows this week :'( what a boring year i'm going to have without them :(
not impressed with qualifying :(
need holiday, not monday :(
i'm glad that seems to be getting more sleep than i did :(
watching my sisters keeper sad :(
in the nl there are more pigs than people. we also have swine flu, creutzfeldt-jacob, q fever... :(
super mario bros on wiii is defeating me :(
:'( anjrit rahasia cinta segitiga terbongkarrt ipang! kamu selingkuh?! ih sombong! :(
totally.... hardly fair... we don't even have a release date for the uk yet! :-(
love wakening up and haveing a fry sitting waiting lol.. my throat is even worse today :( xx
oh noes! :( slim comfort, but better now than at 28, like me.
oh, think it might have been her!! she was offal :(
on amtrak. goin to pennsylvaniaaa, i miss you so much :(
feel awfullll :( not sure i can move :( on the plus side, mum made easter cupcakes :)
i had to work this morning :(
sprain my leg ! :(
oh good morning :) well, it's a good morning for anyone without a hangover. gonna puke i think :(
lol was my friend :(
saw this awesome pair of converse sneakers pink floyd edition. couldn't pick them up cause they were of the smaller size :(
say hi to her :( have fun u guys :'(
whos up?<- i am!! but no one else on my side is :(
ahh yeah.. things are instantly less funny when it's the same jokes over and over :( ever seen green wing? it's beautifully random!
sad :( cheer me up !
i hate the new version. won't load my contacts :( bring the old one back x
hang up on me why don't ya! :(
boong nih para followers-ny si debor jangan di unfollow dong :( , aku sayang kalia tauk followers :)
i think i burnt my tongue :(
good thing there's an apple store right across the street :(
there's nothing else that backs it up then? that's too bad :(
arrghh still in subang.gonna miss down with love :(
nothin much :(
got so much work to get out the wayy! n urself?
noooooooothing. :( i need it crowd s2. :(
too much ipad in the air for a weak personality like mine to resist :(
heey it was good thanks! lovely and hot :) back to cold england now boooo :(
i want chicken & okra tonight! :( bet mummy won't cook it though.
noo, am in london. she went bk to nigeria with my little bro 3 years ago, its jus me n my twin here leavin with uncle it hard :(
doing hw :( soooooo much of of it!!!!!!
hahahhaha .. kucing asin ! :( ow tkg kebon! ;p weeiitss .. gue mah kagak lepel sama makanan yang biasa . gue
my thesis mates finished the plan without me and i didn't do smack about it. :(
please this if you have a heart!!! #welovesteph !! <-- she's a belieber yet people are telling her dad to die of cancer!! :( #welovesteph
mister murphy's law, u can kiss my white ass. :( quit adding to my demise....: mister murphy's law, u can kiss my...
