just saw the news.. i'm so sorry to hear about your grandmother. :(
hha, good night ! i'm 13 , :( help me get to 920 followers? please! : (
oh dear lovely :( how's u ? xxx
not attempted to eat anything yet :( feel awful, seem to be gettin worse each day
two people said im awesome :) anyway, imma slap 289 of you with a fish. :) poor fishie :(
no i'm working today "snif" :(
wtf? -.- i can´t write you a dm? :(
justins gonna be 17 next year naww his getting older :(
shinee so happy when they go to japan. when they're in singapore, they're not even happy :(
oh, :( i watched many yesterday too. but i still have others to watch.
lol! i was finished! never agennn, tooo much alcohol! tut tut tho i expected to c u there mista :( u owe me a drink! :)
i wish i had all the answers :(
my spelling is not the don diddy like i thought it was :(
my pawpaw has gone missing somewhere in my bed covers :(
i know. america's so far away :( i wanna go there someday. i have an unhealthy obsession with it <3
a whole week :( and i forgot my phone chargerrr :( x
this if you hate people that unfollow you, just because you tweet too much :( (via totally -.-
i have a bruise on my leg :(
thank you! i hope i can do it :) wish i could show you the video, but i don't think i can :(
omgg..your last tweet..i wish that would happen :( waaaaaa :( needs to come here :(
yeh it was haha thanks :) but theyre never gona tweet meee!! :( xx
silly silly girl :( ily but <3
oh that's just not fair! so sorry to hear that! :(
keep on remeberreing parts of my dreams last night, and they're all horrible :(
lying here curled up trying to rip my head open to stop the pain :(
#indonesiawantsparamore pleasee :(
459 emails :( do i really want to be sifting through those...
itu gmn cara stopin nya yaaaa? :( nyesel buka yg gituan
hungover! :(
i'm soo scared to see that video light :(
still no philippines on that list? :(
aa ~ maced ! :( #ohmyihateit
offline now. :( please help me get to 3ooo.. maybe some of my co-owners can come online here and give shoutouts for shoutouts :)
good. keep it at 'back in the days' coz their recent performance is quite catastrophic, if not pathetic. :(
i wanty sit on the table but jim asked me to move :(
i am not ready whatsoever for monday. god help me :(
iya?wkwk.askii!bgusan ps dr pd po adany po box ,wkwk huuuu :( eh vin, gw di grandindo (cont)
yerpp :( u still on easter holidays ? ..x
windows 7 strater will be installing ubuntu tonight ;) after three weeks will have to return this device :(
real hungry now. i'd love to go to wagamamma's for lunch but i can't see that happening :(
please trend #demilovato :( #jonasbrothers
thanks guys! don't worry about error, my bad :(
i think it's probably that hon, just annoyed i feel ill cos i should be hugging me eldest son right now :-(
wakin on kel's couch....this yankee could not drive home last night & has one hell of a headache this mornin! ugggh : (
not good :(
alot round my area :(
frankie & bennys have a gas problem :( lol the lack of it grrr even so we are having something that doesn't require the gas
just had to turn down two free arsenal tickets! gutted :(
awesome sauce doesn't live up to it's name at all :(
omg how dare she say that im going to actually cry aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ' sniff ' sniff :(
bravo kimi! but, if he keeps improving, he might not want 2 return 2 #f1 :( kimi 8th!! first ever wrc points #kimi #wrc
:( btw that bite mark grew. it is bigger than my thumb.. in width. |:
he bought me coffee and flowers and we drove around for a while (l) then i woke up :(
:'(( get well soon abbey.. *kiss* my abbey got a fever :(
:( i know. it was fun at the start but then it was like dude go away
soon i go home to an empty bed and house :(
iya ci, tadi bljrny diem".. haha kok apes bgt,jean :( skrg diomelin phopo gw gara" bljr motor (again)
is it bad, to have a camera obsession? :/ i mean, i like camera's :(
booohooo day light saving ends tonight :(
hey you there , can you see ? i need and i love you so much right now , you know that ? i dont think not :(
throat hurts, head hurts... why is it not still dark out? :(
i was screaming and jumping and on the verge of tears when i saw preformance on the kca's! its nt fair! :( xxx
my toes are cold :( i had a dream last night i shaved my friends eyebrows off :s lol she wouldnt be happy xx
