i couldn't sleep at all. :( had way to many thoughts in my head. :(
hahah. its raining now :( boo hoo.
haha....no monkeys there all gone away :(
we out let's go eat lol justin stooop! :( i can't help it
i think i am going to need to kick off my own #operationipad all this talk is making me want one too... :(
watching video tour of the iss. im jealous, i wanna go :(
did your friend get you to remove her twitpics :(
you shouldn't :(
damm cold!! :(
i don't wanna look outside or move i have a hangover :(
wassup briley ? :( xx
the t-shirt came.. but it doesn't fit :'( gotta wait til tuesday to send it back now :(
i was followed but don't follow me backkkkkkkk :( :( :(
the weather isn't nice today. where is the sun? :-(
p8 for #schumacher is a bit disapointing, he stated on rtl that his tires been giving up in the 2nd flying lap ... oh well :( #f1
really sore back :( coming out?
thea's about to leave :(
my brothers being a bitch. he isnt letting me play wii :(
i want a ha update :( like a junkie needs heroin... some wallbanger would suffice awesomely too *hint hint*
is damn disappointed with herself today. :(
we have no cream :( i cant make creme brulee anymore :(
kangen shinee :(
really sad :(
passed the tweet limit :( pls follow and give shoutouts thanks :)
wish i could but i'm stuck in jail till monday! :(
guess what! i'm gonna miss the man u vs chelsea matchhh! :( :(
#spectrum interview over. phew. next hurdle = exams. :(
pls go online .twitter is boring without you` :(
and unfollowed me so i'll unfollow them :(
stat 117 :( help me lord. i need to pass. :((
hey what do you mean you have a timdinosawr ism that not funny :-( well i suppose it makes me really special so ok! >_<
feels so jealous see her with the other people... :-(
about to go "lay down" :(
try drinking it through a straw, its hard! :(
meh working :(
dih lucu :( pake baju renang hahahahaha asmara,, tanyain sindu dong besok pake baju apa???
i send more than 100 tweets for but he never follow me.. even replay my post.. i'm so sad :(
lol i haven't won any eggs either :( & i had to buy my own so i don't eat the kids eggs on them! ;p
pspgo, think its a bit small for adult hands, dsi gives me pain :( #mhi
got told grandad pubeee head was coming round at 9 so i got up and dressed for then and he's still not here :(
awwww, poor catholic church :-( c'mere 'n' giz a hug. #psych!
me too. :-( summer is coming. we'll hang out soon.
yes! museum of salt instead of auswitz!!! wtf?? sux :( but you should go and visit krakow it's beautiful and ql:)
"i miss you so much huh :( i need your hug i need your kiss and i miss you crazy much"
please can you sign this? it would mean alot :( :) xx
hairdressers wednesday -- sorry natnat :(
really sore throat :( off to sleep !
not feeling well today :(
pokoknya saya telah mlkukan kslhan :'( what u did ?hehehe =) i was stupid, i did it again ! :(
i couldn't go and play because it was gone 1am and my parents would've gone mad d: :(
and i already watched this episode :-( <33
is ridiculously hungover :-( got ale belly bad
waved heidi goodbye :( now who's gonna eat toast and jam with me again?
i know babe, me too :( ah its gonna be such an exiting day for those going :) wonder if carl will make an appearance :') xx
jose lost his phone tonight :( tweet him
sucking sessionals :-(
my tragus still hurting!! :(
grrrr! plans for doing anything today totally scuppered since my foots still stupidly swollen and i can't fracking walk on it :(
it's a very sad, sad day. leaving the beach, bright & early. :(
i like how hilariously depressing my playlist is. it no longer has the chirpy synth music it once did. :(
it's always a hit or miss with you isn't it . :(
another alnighter? :(
the foods are all so tempting .. :(
thats two of us :( blah, i was really looking quite forward to tomorrow. now my whole weekend is wasted :(
