awww i missed ustream last nite cos i was out all nite :(
arghtt ; dont ya hate when you cant get thru to someone when ur sposed to be going out :( lol
missed blanco my puppy already, hes now at my grandmas house cuz he is sick :-( my grandma gotta cure him. come back soon sweetheart!
spent part of the morning gavin family time and the rest of the day in bed with a migraine! sux to be me right now :(
sumpah panteesan pada nge mention ngomongin avatar setelah diliat *o* shock! ih bukan gue yg ganti :(
you singled out one player! that's against the rules & downright cuntish cath watson! he was key to world cup victory :(
so confused at the moment :/ im gonna try sleep and get rid of my fever. i don't like being sick :(
yeah i know. maybe he never saw my tweets.. :( i should send a thousand messages, so he can reply.. lol
huk.huks.. emg lg sdih mbak. :( sabar dong saiiank,.kok jd sedih gto..senyum :) (cont)
is sad that two fav f1 drivers is started near the back of the grid. :(
q:what grade are u in? a:9th :( huhu lmao
gym time! but i forgot my damn earphones so i'll be bores stiff! :(
:( i remember when used to reply to all their fans not just the ones who they met them/sent them stuff.
dont unfollow me :(
had some ~orange soda before (i say that because it wasn't fanta) and now i wanna watch kenan & kel :(
knp g izinin ? kn weekend masalahnya emak gue kyanya g bkal ngizinin.. :( (cont)
iooo --" sedih banget sihhh :(
just got a haircut. :( it's so damn short!
today is definately not my lucky day :(
i watched chowder this morning : (
work :( hate it when everyones off and im not!
maaf :( :( lupa naro tixnya :( sue sue sueeee , sue sue sueeee , sue (cont)
hi olly :) have you still got the teddy and fanmail i gave you? missing you loads :( hope ur okay... much love xxxxx
awee. "engineers first!" reminds me of a company i used to work for. ". . . our heart & our soul are our people." not anymore. :(
so i guess that's nobody then :(
nearly dead :(
nothing else to steal, everything else was stolen from the church car park. i can't afford the excess so just have to go w/o. :(
sbnrnya blm mau plg siihh.. :(
i wanna sleep more but i caaaan't! :(
family's over to watch united match. but i feel too lazy to attend to anyone :(
aww really? :( thats bad :( at least she's not hurt, could have been awful d: xx
fuck msn, so shit. i have to make a new one now :(
owwww did you get punched in the face? :(
check this out it doesn't work :(
if it heads, dodge alot and sometimes even die, just to note the moves they do, thats what i did, i did it alot w/ zeus :( xd
keranjingan jalan2 please seseorang ajak gua jalan donggssssss #peopleshould hang out on satnite :(
...i have to get used to these early mornings cause i'll be working every weekend for the forseeable future. :(
my builder keeps sending me festival wishes. but what i really want from him is the effing progress report, that he is forever preparing :-(
i miss my laptop :(
this is being gay and not refreshing gahh :(
hate flying. :( i should be landing when you're all waking up. see you guys monday <33
jesse james died today at the year of 1882. he's my idol. :(
text! :(
whats up twit fam!!! back in europe alone :-( ...took t to the airport this morning....got bout 4 weeks left, and i'll be makin my way home
my father is a mink. i think he's just broke my middle finger. :| nae mare rude gestures on my right hand. :(
balls :( guess you have to come visit. i'll take you to san diego and you will love it.
nani is not starting :(
hah! yea, i was a nanny! hahaahhahha! alrighty :(
i don't start until 2, but i had a really bad day there yesterday and it's made me feel rotten :(
the queue in frony of jamie's new restaurant is blocking the whole street :(
back in la, i'll miss u guys :(
i need to get out today :(
getting up early on a saturday morning is not cool. :(
i want cake :(
she blowed up my home country, mexico. :(
i think i'll rather have chelsea with actually! knowing man u dey will probably win :-(
aww you okaay? :(
photo: (via earlymourning) i nearly bought these shoes, i regret not :(
huhuhu i wanna buy it! it's just likes nathan kress's t-shirt! arrgghhh...!!!! :(
i hate it when people ask me to eat bananas ! bananas ? i'm going to tell you something....you ruin my life. :(
