i hope the talking is not a pretend :(
heading citos ... sayang kamu cepetan dong urusanya :(
awkkeyyyyy, what did you get up to today, im bored :(
fml why does it only rain when i get out of the house?! thankfully the bus isnt here yet. i dont wanna run :(
well i've lost 3 followers now... :( i'm not that bad am i??
fixing the switch hanging... and now i am hanged... :(
aww :( get well soon. yeah im good thanks xx
are you still receiving fanmail even though you are on tour? please reply to me, i have tweeted you so many times :( xxx
it feels like there is a little man running around in my head!! :(
you unfollowed me ! :(
3am ! i hate being up by myself at this time :(
dude did u hear abt aldos passing! hez club was one of da first clubs we went 2 in jozi bak in da day! aaah :-(
why does my mother always looks down on me i know she loves me but she always says something bad to me and makes me feel like shit :(
yes i had an amazing day babe, sorry u didnt :(
i'm bored :(
so full from the dessert lah! and now going for dinner liao :(
ugh i got very little sleep :(
bangeeeetrt ga pingin cepet-cepet senin atulah ya allah :(
my dad wnted meh t0 g0 t0 the h0rptail :( i feel and its n0t ma t00th <lalala prettyb0y;))
i just had a nightmare that my car&i fell in the white river&it was so scary.. i wish spencer was here :( sleeping with mr lobster
iy syg doain yaart sembuhh dong syg :( okeee gw penghuni trakhir yg nggu dokter (cont)
mmm... i just wrote a reply, it didn't eat yours i hope :(
me tooo, they were so amazing :(
don't want to do anything today. fuck work. :( feel ill.
and i wish it was friday^^ can't watch it before friday... :(
grr lucky. i didn't do so well tonight :(
says today felt like yesterday and yesterday felt like the day before... ughhh work :(
oh no :( exams will starts these week ! :s what the .... ? :"@
ahhh that means i can't go see callums girlfriend :/ :(
oh yes the court date... more legal mumbo jumbo then another 90 days or so wait... :(
it's only 11 :( imma quickly get ready then go down stairs n watch sky
please reply to me + u hardly do anymore :( we love you loaads :) ♥ (cont)
what happened :(
oh my.. damn! my tummy and my back hurts. :(
is amazed that india can make fosters taste so bad.......they must brew it with local water....... :-( :-(
how am i scary? d: i don't think so, i'm sorry :( i'll let you know if i am though :)
i am going to miss the first half of the match due to red-shirt protest. :(
good girl! i don't wanna work today :-(
coss somee thinngs you jusst donnt waanaa believe :(
no more free channels on mio tv :(
errrugh...i feel so rough! i want a maccy ds but i'm not gonna get there :(
what happened to your wallet, babe? :(
sigh, sai meng lor... know i have to jaga late tonight, down lor... :( going home n sleep soon.. very sleepy..
i have colds too. :-( i'll go hear mass tomorrow instead.
i need t know th hw. :(
hurhur! saturday is boringggg! not yet done my revision on geography. :(
finally sheraton media hotel.. dan gue bengong liatin orang brenang.. #gabawabajurenang :(
i miss you singing me to sleep :(
i'm soooo angry.... :( i love you to
i hate typing with fake nails on, fuckin hell its annoying me :(
going back from work :(
haha thanks :)rt amin buat lo :)rt hari terakhir ngetweets :( #iwish besok bisa (cont)
but ppl can get estranged following even sex after marriage, no? fate of a girl would be same in indian society. :(
hey ;) yeah,in vietnam,we still have to go to school on saturday :(
awake and sad :(
no!!! no one should have to work on a saturday :(
still got a really bad cough :( so no recording today :'( gunna get my mum to get me some lockets tho :) hehe
i called them yesterday. they won't carry it. :(
not anymore . :( kangeeeeeeeeeeeeeenn!
just went dark down wsm too must be the same front coming over :(
i always dream from demi lovato :( why does my dream not come true ?! :(
oh i hate it when dick comes through, takes the remote and puts shite on the tv :(
yes, i'm stuck on the elite 4 champion, all my fucking pokemon are weak to aerodactyl's rock slide :(
missin' summer in the philippines.. :(
uuuuhhh :( kea ny ga ada?rt he'emb.. ungu kpn yy ?
