my foot hurts :(
yeah, lmao. i saw the link and tried to exit it, but my computer didnt exit it quick enough and i saw some scary thingy :(
is sick of my stupid cold .erghh i feel ill :( and i wish i was going to see soner than i am. oh wel i stil get to see them:)
boooooo work !!! its the bank holiday weekend :(
follow me in twitter
that the other forgot my password :/ sorry :(
send some this way! it's raining in devon :-(
going getting loads of clothes and makeup today for easter of my nanna... wish she was here in wigan i miss her loads.... :( xxxx
i don't think they have smash hits on freeview :( haha *hug*
unfair yes!! :(
ugh i hate having bad dreams, they ruin the whole day... and i had three :(
damn , wifey done went ta sleep on me ; im up all lonely : ( lls
ahh torture! i bet that was awful :(
:( that sucks for them,oh well *jumps in with the lakers*
sooo need to decide wat dress to buy for the party next week .... but which one :( ?
i hve no plan for my sat night. :( hmph.
awwww... :( he will show in the right time and he can feel the right time monday.
going to bed...alone. :-(
:) who want #followsat ? mention me pleaseee,bored over limit dai :(
gue benci tanggal besok :( atulah ga mau diinget :(
sigh. no :( you should see my face. it is all droopy and forlorn. it's trying to compete with my ball-sack.
my throat is murrrrrrrkd :(
i need to go see gran weve got to go for her appointment at the hospital see if her cancers spread :(
ah.. are the het huis anubis actor soooooo famous in belgium?sorry when i got on your nerves :(
aww that sucks! you seriously don't get a spring break? :( i only have 4 days off. =/ and good luck w/ all the essays & hw!
knp nne? turut berduka cita bwt keluarga gw.speechless :(
awww, this episode's so sad. poor wilfred :(
aww nooo :( hope your okay! xxx
so cold :-(
me eithhhher :( lets count sheep. ha ha.
it's pretty embarrassing :( i feel bad for laughing..but....i...
yes i get so much pleasr. bottled figs in syrup this summr. didnt do toms ad usually do :( peaches will b divine!
why no b-side? :(

1. danny kirsch remix
2. -- dub
3. -- instrumental
4. -- radio edit
5. radio edit
shiiiidd.. went to work went to da party den da lakefront nd got a boot on my mama car :( she pissed..
if you want to norway iwen if ur not living in norway , please help us norwegian fans :( he never notice us...
q:i wanna have a three way withyoububleand ioryougagaand i... a:lmfao who is this :(
lost my phone lost my phone lost my phone :o i neeedd it :(
this coffee needs chocolate but left it on room :-( #eastercon
at least u remember how it felt to wait with andwo. all i can remember is waiting with blackberry. :(
alright, i try. i still love him, but what should i do? :( i'm trying my best.
omg. parting?! malaysia?!! long-term?!?!?!?! when?! how long?! why?! :(
but i feel poorly! :(
hav fun!! miss yous much :(
folback please :(
and also i'm really sorry about your grandpa :( i love you
hahahahahahaha. i guess i'm more of a s type then~ lol. awww~ i miss #realface project :(
i miss watching tyra banks and gossip girl :( it's been a while..
there's a demonstration happening in london for justice4mj? damnn, i live too far away from london. :( i wish i had known about this...
my fortune: a dubious friend may be an enemy in camouflage..!! :(
wa go study never call me :( i now studyin alone at hm :(
you stay so far!! :(
i never get buns in the shower :(
if you want to norway iwen if ur not living in norway , please help us norwegian fans :( he never notice us...
my bang is fallin :( lol. i prolly curled it too many times.
i so wish my dream i had last night was real.. i got really excited for like 1 second then realised i was dreaming :(
no i wish i did :(
susah ya ngeluapin kesedihan ditempat rame :(
if justin follows me it will be my most beautiful present :(
lol naw, this is a one off bro, you just never really wash :(
kenpa? cupcup ahhart ? kenape? :( (cont)
i left my easyway in my grandmas fridge :(
poor you. :(
woah! the espresso was really strong. shame i'm at work :(
wahaha then seungri did it too! aah man missed big bang so so much :(
*sighs* fandom not really a happy place anymore :(
up..bored. maybe i should go bak to sleep. i'm sicky... #allergies :-(
