unfortunately, no. :( hahahaha. <3 yunaaaaa i miss you!
okay. im just awake :(
yup. collapsed at stupid o'clock this morning. *huggles* love you too <3 i was supposed to be at the emirates today :-(
i dont think i can carry a whale :(
if i have 1 wish, i wish to die : (
oh damit! im not following anyone :( tweet me if you want to be refollowed quick go go go !
itulah wanita,hihi.. mngkanya jgn lgsung diabisin uang bulanan nya iya,awal bln foya2, akhir bln kere :(
i been breaking it down for you baby... been running arounnnd and still no love for meee... somebody #rescueme :(
humm .. my txt feed isn't working .. never mind .. and i missed f1 qually actually not watched the aussie gp yet :-(
time to leave :(
d: didnt you know? :( ryan and john made their own band :(
starhub's gonna change all the channel numbers to 3-digits by the end of this mth :( whyyyy~
photo: look at my badly bruised inner thigh! i suspect a ghost pinched me while i was sleeping last night :(
2 hours of mental torture :( !! any suggestions ??
good call but it was march apparently :(
dunno why, but i want to play some ds :(
just wanna disapear and don't come back years later :(
lying about feeling sorry for myself :(
dont follow as many fans anymore :( i dont think there's any point asking him now :(
yep :( and the last episode was a cliffhanger.
watching the carter documentary. i fuckin love weezy #freeweezy .. please :(
most definitely didn't see you tonight :( oh well soon then!
oh damit! im not following anyone :( tweet me if you want to be refollowed quick go go go !
watching them put the fire out at my house :(
misses all our new friends from yesterday. :( how long does it take to get from surrey to bournemouth, just our of interest?
*plays with your hair and kisses your cheek* you seem upset :(
:( :(rt awesomw aite????!!!!!!!! wahyudi.......!!!!!
i have a dead one :(
nakal! pusing gilsnya parah mana blm dpt2 lg pusing gils deh nihh.. :( (cont)
i woke up this morning only to realize that i made a twitter account almost a year ago and have only tweeted once. i feel so ashamed :(
justin soundz bad when he singz live :(
keranjingan jalan2 please seseorang ajak gua jalan donggssssss #peopleshould hang out on satnite :(
salamya buat grandamapa anda :)) ayu kangen bgt sm esaa :( :) grandmapa t.t them both? who?
looks like it's closed for the moment :-(
gak punya hape de :( why ? abis ini mungkin gue vakum -__-
ahhhh what the hell :(
spent the last 1 hour scrubbing all the chao ta egg off my cupcake trays! back and arms hurt like hell now :(
hdnet channel change screwed up the first 20 mins of my k-1 recording :(
i know moll! what were we thinking?! : ( xxx
ow ow ow ow ow ow owwwwww my ear :( just shoved an earing through it an it feels like i just had it re-pierced :/ now 4 the other ear :s
yaaaah , me too :( so bored home arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
ohh ok ok! shinhwa, tvxq,suju,hot, apa lagi coba?huahh sme !kata apa yg co2k untukmu? :( #alwayskeepthefaith n #13elievetheirprom15e
doing nothing.... cant go surfing till monday :(
i'm headed to work too :(
i really think everyones sleeping but my ass going to work :( 7 hour shift oh kill me now
lol you retweeted the link and i gots no questions :(
playing football on a saturday messes up certain plans :(
no falcons in 2011? i don't know what a lockout in football means but it doesn't sound good for the players! :(
i am dying :(
:( suddenly i feel my heart sank. ;___;
art projects ewww gonaa take forever :( and it's sunny
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
sorry that you're not feeling well. :( hope you get well soon.
miss you dude :(
who's missing? :(
been up for almost 2 hrs since a little before 6 am...don't think i'll be falling asleep anytime soon. :(
awwww! i wish they still showed that :( i have to watch on youtube.
oh what the fudge. that sucks so bad :(
i just got on the train & i already miss & :-( <i miss u 2 jana! love u so much
