by the by doctor ur wrong i'm not allergic to my dog.. let the tests begin cuz this scratching has to stop i look like i don't bathe :(
missed you loads teach!! don't leave us for that long :( :( hope you've been good!! xxxxxx
duul! say hello to me, pleaseee! :(
realyswifty: is singing into a hair brush singing you belong with me ♥ me hair all tangly! :( ♥
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
don't ever hate me :( #qft
dear youtube please add a back-to-the-way-things-where-button, i don't like the new setting :(
i'm sorry to hear that... :(
it's so irritatingly positive, and they ruin perfectly good songs. 'orrible :(
omffg fm are going on tour with nooo! :( damn you japan! :(
idk what game i was playing just now. i play like shit. demoralising sia :(
enak ya lo main gw dirumah nangis bego.need some one :(
mxm. o na le i.d. you is a grown-ass lady! drinkin and doing things i shouldn't have been . please hug me , :(
banho no billy :(
i'm back from london :( ... it was awesome there! :)
why does my itunes keeps on playing dbsk songs :( #alwayskeepthefaith
work today :-(
makasih wawa :)rt get well soon ya syg aku sakit mata wa :( mia (cont)
dk usala,kagek asma keno buluny.hhirt coba kasih aku :( dulu ad 6 ikok tp la ilang,lesu ngurusiny.hhart
if i get an ipad from my parents as a birthday present (7 weeks time till i'm 16 yay!), then it'll be awesome, but i never will :(
have twitter app 4 shower? -> use twitterrific.. you'll shower with sweat.. trust me.. :(
ohhhh, just got on a double decker bus, im quite terrified of these things :(
sobbing. dean. sam. cas. i want to hug them all. :(
damn. freshly washed hair does not stay curled. :( mine r flat and gross now :( boooo
just not getting to sleep! hmm long day and tomorrow will be another long ass day! oh well :(
aww i'm sorry i can't i'm on my phone now :( later maybe ?
oh... i hate unfollower :(
sorry if i'm not tweeting #jonasbrothers, i'm not in the mood :(
ate a steak and became a pig! sumptuous birthday eating at rockpool tonight, stomach-deflating run tomorrow :(
i'm not ready for <3<3</3 :(
why the :( d:
sabs? avcs love is not fucking enough :(
yeaaa, i cant believe im here myself! iyaaa i want to go back too :(
ga jadii :( i have shutter on my back and my head (baca : pusing kepala)
damn you, "nature" cycle! *attempts -- yet again -- to pry self away from francesca's site* no, really, need sleep now. not tired, tho. :(
gonna see clash of the titans tomorrow night. :( i wanted to see the blind side
it was a waste of money and a wast of two hours of my life i can't get back... :(
i made a video from last weekend... but i edited a bit of it to some green day songs.... and youtube is a bitch :(
really cant be bothered to get out of bed :(
dissapointed ! :(
watching some pa-asa fancam vids.. thinking about the what could have's.. basically regretting everything that happened that day :(
i'm missing it too :( iplayer all the way!!
me toooo... theres no-one to go with here though :(
"need you know" by lady antebellum just came on mtv....this song always makes me cry...i think of him everytime i hear it :(
tonight flügelparty, dammit lisanne can't go with me :(
every day i think this feeling of missing someone can't get any stronger.. but then every day, i realise it can... :-(
#peopleshould follow me ; i need friends :(
sorry but i can't play...i'm a bit sick...i'm in the car :(
didn't get so far as to find that out :( lorelai was just starting to tell rory about her relationship with luke when i woke up -.-
i want to reply to meee... :( xx
hehe iya td kk ysf sms blg mau nntn hehe curang yaa nntn dragon duluan :( huhu masih k hehe.. iya k td sarah abi
kasih nutrisari aja as usually bee hahaha aah syg jgn ngmong gtu ah :( happy 10mnt kmudian mati,lambung robek
yah critics make me feel so bad on twitter. i mean i'm not the real miley but i had a lot of bad critics of my tweets :(
pretty good :) but everyone fell asleep :(
come on msn where are you? :(
34 basket putri menang yaaaaa! sorry i can't be there :(
hihihih pisss =p yessss!! hhahaha : :(
newww headphones:))))) tha color sucksssss though. :(
tolong saya :(
gutted! :( someone stole it?
miss you ... wil you seee :(
still alone :(
kok dia ngga sms lagi? hey bey did you know, i addicted to you? :(
3,100th tweet. (; * and according to jasmine yong, justin bieber is 1.65cm tall. (: i think im around there, maybe shorter :( booo.
i went to school today! but i didn't continue the day, i got back home in half of the school day, sick :(
yeep...and here it's cloudy but it's warm outside...but i can't see da sun an' i don't like it :(
my hair :(
saya rindu teman-teman sma saya :(
s0 b0red :(
please don't leave me alone :(
i know! oh we'll analyse :) haha eva's not coming as she's too embarassed :(
ohhhh, beautiful words making me cry. :-(
proper course was fast loadingnya low image quality
:-(
it's about 15 minutes to 12 now- i'm nowhere near ready! :(
yea i saw a preview but remember what ur hair looks like without it :(
probably,some technical snag.else,video is good though audio spoiling the show :( #tedxmumbai
ahh poor lady :(
and lol about your sister! how do you know she was?!
so i was really happy the thunder woke me from a really bad dream. only to remember that i had left my sunroof cracked in the down pour. :(
5 1/2 hours for me :(
early sat morning out getting bfast at perkins b4 the track meet resumes kinda lonely by myself wish my wife was with me :(
yep i saw it already but i'll go watch it in theater again wed. (or sat. lol) it's really a great movie but the end is :( lol
i fucking love edward grimes. i never got to give you the signed taylor pic :(
weather looks nice; its gonna mess up soon :(
internet is back! connection is acting up again :(
i have that tower pic when i went to florida! it's raining in london at the mo :(
its a rainy day :( i hope it will be better tomorrow :-/
terrible feeling, you feel violated :( i'm sorry hope tomorrow is much better
eh bner tw,meninggal tmpt komplikasi aah syg jgn ngmong gtu ah :( happy
sorry, wassup<tummy pains! urgh! its 2 painful! is lent over by the way? i really wanna eat my egg! :(
ohh mannn my whole bed got wet by the rain :(
no more talking to him, he's over me :(
jo no he anat a disney world :( a disney paris dos cpps, pero jo vull aar al world..sniiff xd
not funny! the ants are after my fried rice :(
on the plane back to ohio. i don't wanna leaveeee. :(
also as a result i used to get really bad bronchitis as a result of passive smoking :-(
my budgie just blunder on window :(
feels mad & sad w you. :-(
oh brooke didn't win the game :(
rt: i cooked a lamb and rosemary pie today for the first time. sounds delicious, but i am now starving :(
boooo need to sleep but cant. stupid allergies. :(
malming alone again .. :( huh ..
i have a hole in my sock. this makes me sad :(
wahh jahat..ngomongnya mau bantu!!!; :(
practises are canceled for today and tomorrow. fuck this shit, now i actually do have time to do schoolstuff. :(
some. but not the new ones yet. and okay, i have no problem with that. the building was closed this weekend my report's so late :(
happy birthday cha2 chayank...hope u like it *praying hard :(
what????? how jealous am i been up since 6.30 :(
l0l i have t0 type like this f0r an0ther 10 minutes since my 0 br0ke, and i have t0 fix it back :(
:( nawww i don't like these kids now, i'd be like heeps grrrrr *hugs*
high five leenna! i missed mizu and froyo too!!!! :(
going to roll up and diee now :(
i'm gonna have to wait even longer, till wednesday infact to see 'the 11th hour' because i'm in turkey :(
is in the post office and realised how much i hate queues :( correct me on my spelling as i'm not awake yet ...
why you want me to go to bed :(
leaven vanderbilt beach resort today :( goooooooodbye florida! hello new jersey :(
aww too bad it's taken! :( another archies use it xd
am thinking of a very daebak twitter username. how can the blingsauras person think of such daebak username! can help me think of one? :(
why u nv dream of me? so sad :(
today is very very boring .. :(
whyy am i dead :(
bored in the doctors! takin forever just to get medeciene! want to go hoooooooome!!!!!! :-(
i dunno how to delete using tweetdeck :(
barclays, dont freeze my card :( it was me that booked those flights!
someone pretended to be you :(
i'll never find the golden ticket :(
:( xxxxxx
and i'd just like to state that we were in broadstairs this time a year ago :( i love youuu!
its so annoying :( i need more clothes!
