im going to miss the stickam :( i'll be in the car all day...14 hours!
very true. :( remember girls, when you grow up, don't ever disown your family for a man.
making an audition tape is not easy :( wish me luck i'll need it x
2 sketch left to do, then layouts. omg. finally. i can't meet lisa.. :(
ah om adrie, atl aja di retweet. owl city ngga :(
& i wana play the sims but that means going on the computer downstairs :(
sooo hungover :-( why does this need to happen lol, getting ready to go to my wee nanas, whats everyone else upto ?
while everyone is getting their ipad today, i'm receiving ipad accessories in the mail :( damn my decision to wait for wifi-3g version #ipad
y hok ath dtg aj k rmh ny hhe mau mahluk tu panadongan my :( y trs maunya apa ath ?
wants an audi q7 so bad :(
do you have a hewlett packard printer? they include all their unnecessary software with the driver updates :(
we came into london to get a statement at this one bank here and find out none of the atm's are working lol, what a joke :(
revision at 13 00 today... :(
omg and what a blot he was :( peter davison was my fave till david tennant, can't wait for the new series :)
enak ya lo main gw dirumah nangis bego.need some one :(
daaaamn my charger! :(
super mario bros on wiii is defeating me :( << ur shit anyway
how how ? r u okay? sick :(
i miss those days :(
my heart breaks into pieces when i heard you got a new girlfriend :(
i must be excited for sesame street tomoorow lol, i can't sleep :( lol jk i had a really really bad dream.
i just broke my cap guns. :(
was going to a friends place but the lip happened, not much just resting can't eat any eggs :( you?
as i dj i think it's worse to have a bookin n it gets cancelled than not havin it at all :(
i was waiting for weekend testing session at 3pm today then suddenly remembered everyone is busy in bwst2. so no schedule for wt today. :(
..just a little too late :(
ok..its time to exit ubertwitter :( my battery is getting low :( only 1 yellow strip! oh gosshh! byee byee all ♥
kamu ga itut syg?rt k malang :( pulang bsok malem hehehe :3 emang org rumah (cont)
woow got a lot unfollwers :(
:( yeh
i miss you too big brother :(
waiting for the pontrellis to wake up so i can say bye. :-(
ini maksudnya apa ya chan??ga ngertiii :( who is more popular on twitter? -->http://bit.ly/amg3xt
okaay all i want right now is one of my bestfriends to wake up? jeezo to much to ask :(
yeah :( oh well i wouldn't start early then just take your time babe
naww ashley got locked out of twitter :(
bought hubby a bunny, but i don't think there is a bunny waiting for me. :(
i want summer '09 to be back why does summer '10 is as gloomy as hell? first, it's u-kiss now it's thsk. :( :( :( #alwayskeepthefaith
why oh why?!?! :(
would he be okay with that? it won't be for another couple of hours anyway because i need to do some college work :(
more like users have been trained that they need them. they feel uneasy without them :-(
im stretching my ears soon sinj so i cant be all cute and do asian emoticans :( im changing my image......
this show is bringing back so many memories, me and my bro would dress up as the red and pink power ranger and fight each other lol :(
my new hair.. tampang pucat pasi lg ga enak badan :(
meant to be doing some work today but now i'm going out. i feel guilty :(
:'(rt :( : i just wanna know:(
i'm getting addicted to twitter again :( :)
wish i was going to the match today, but no...have to go to work instead :( abso gutted! blueeeeebirds!!
bad times :(
tweeying away in rehearsal, my eyes are brite cos of eyebrite but im wilting :(
on my way to myrtle beach now. its currently 6:50. im sleep :(
// if 's concert is found in thailand i'll be great ! but it's not :(
:((:((:((:((:((:(( i'm sorry i can't tweet anything sane right now. :( 5 guys broke my heart. :(( #alwayskeepthefaith
nah. :( idk what to do. maybe just hang out with friends.
european romances sound so great...till you have to leave :(
embarrses me then!!! :(
i really wanna see clash of the titans!! :(
minum obat thee..ato ngegahol!!hoho headache ! sigh :(
ahhhh hey guys! tweeting on my phone haaha on my wayy to the boat.......blah i feel like imma get sick :(
:( #alwayskeepthefaith <3
i hate when the airport i'm streaming music to decides to disappear :(
hahaha, same here! how long they give it back to you? mine is there for two weeks already, i'm missing my laptop :(
i missed it jazz :( it seemed funny but !
yep :( hungry
rather snow than the s$&t rain we are having at home :-(
ulcer is fucking sore! right up the back of my mouth ao cant use bonjela :(
question existing :( i suck at fake smiling. i suck at faking myself. i can't say everything will be alright when i know it's not.
nah much about to do sum work...not enough sleep in my night to wash away last nights liquors :( lol
you never understand :(
i think a roadtrip reunion with and is in order... and cos i miss his beardy face :(
waiting for my girlie manda then going for lunch! the only downside is i have to go to work at half past 1 :( doesn't feel like sat though!
awesome, love mileys music she is amazing. and sonny just finished :( im watching two and a half men now x) xx
why can't u go tomorrow? :(
i will have to download the new episode of dw when it comes online. very interested to see matt smith, still miss tennant though :(
boo :( no replies from recent placement applications.
everyone around me has an iphone. :( i need a blaster to take them all out.
long weekend.....n stuck at home :( worst holidays ever :(
would u please follow me again? :)
i can´t send u messages anymore :(
don't ever hate me :( #qft
that's why i put it on :(
oh no, this is going badly :(
tu che thong :(
i know :) i wanted to read the book first though so i gotta buy it :) apparently it's really sad! :(
when did u come to germany again ? my sis and i want to meet u.we never meet you. :( .
season is over! :(
death in the famly...so sorry to have missed it :-(
wth?? :( sorry sweetie
lazzzzyarse! ive been up foreveer :( xxx
c'moon ... something valuable plzzzzz :(
season starts to end :-(
noope :( but i will next time they come over
sorry girl,i can't ol tonight.really sorry :( ol lagi ya ntar say bye muach :*
q: what is his phone or cell #? a: thats private .. i can 'ttell you that :) srry :(
nawhh u wont talk to meee :( lol .
its about 8pm hungry :(
iya tan.cedih akuh :( ga sempat ber kiss n hug sm in her last day.....good luck for whatever you will do, dear. :))
why dont i get a dm :(
feeling the most guilty for skipping a workout and eating too many giant buttons :(
i know... (: yg ituh tuh namaaanya ....hahart i wish i have more songs to replace my loneliness :(
lagi bad mood :( huhu km knp gablh cedih2 aaa gabicaaa -.-
once again there goes my arsenal tickets :( *sign*
why is everytime i want to go shoot something with my #550d bad weather :(
since little i loved michael jackson....so sad i did not have the change to meet him :( xoxo :)
college this morning :( i want a lie in :9 i hate early mornings
sorry :( be happy tomorrow ok.
i'm missing it :( stuck in the south east for a couple more weeks.
g ntn dvd ni gmbrny ud bgs soalny ªkªkª • • ªkªkª bgs c sedih critany :( bagus (cont)
aww :( what happened to her ?
hello 6am i haven't seen u in awhile ugh :(
yeh for sure ill b spending time with my friends.. not on the 1st few days tho as my family will have me on lockdown!! :-( x
we can't sorry :( can we go another day ? :(
i missed 11:11 :(
sky engineer came 45 mins before "pm" started, 10 mins, replaced sky+ box! %-) pita rebuilding recording schedule, lost few favourites :-(
not too bad- waiting for the coffee to finish brewing. but have to limit to one cup this morning :(
happy easter saturday everyone :) i ate an whole easter egg this morning and now i feel sick :(
chennai is totally win this..my poor royals :(
i wish i could go to a taylor swift concert.. :(
bummer. that's why i want to ride my bike :(
whaa.. hebat plus jago-jago banget liat club softball tadi tanding di senayan... aduuh i'm so envy, kapan gw sejago itu... :(
b2 doang balinya? hehe jdi pgen k bali lgi :( hahaha.iy ci.. aku jg kmrn kbtulan, diajakin si hehe :)rt
