i will have mine before you! bc of my sad shipping error :(
me too. but i'm not alone.rt satnite at home, aloneeeee :(
sana naman matuloy ung outing with my high school classmates.. :(
roll on bacon, mm, gutted eilidh must no like me fo :( pml
i know how you feel. i'm still ill, & there's nothing left in the fridge, i may have to brave asda later :-(
is not happy :( ...way too much college work
i want a headporter drops coin pouch :(
just scratched and dented my baby car! hahaaa :( x
twitters awfy quiet today :-(
we've run out of coffee. :(
the rain doesn't wanna stop, in fact its getting heavier. that makes me even more frus and moody. i think maybe its better to stay home :(
going to visit my family in colchester :-d and the bad ass trains are ruined cos of engineering work! :-(
they've changed back again. what a chavvy slag! :(
stuju gua pengen jujur ke elu, tapi gua takut lu jauhin gua hueee :( #llf
only one person thinks im awesome! :( imma slap all of you with a fishhhhhhhh.
pray magrib, uu mushollanya gelap serem :(
it is raining :-( i don't like.
tama di uso sten dead air. woa. di ntin nabasa mga tweets kagabi eh. kse eh. :(
canny wait to get to my bed after work man :( got an empty n everything should be getting mad wae it, but a canny :( :l
i lost my buffy the vampire dvd set that my mom got me :(
rtrtrt gua pengen jujur ke elu, tapi gua takut lu jauhin gua hueee :( #llf
fuck! lost a follower :( fuck you!!
such a cold night. :(
haha yeah. can't decide whic pic i should use :(
all best dear, sorry i won't be thr :( if i dont pick up your call or reply your bbm,pls understand :(
ugh its 435am, and i'm finally heading to bed :( i hate this sleeping schedule
hey guys, i'm deleting my twitter.. gonna make another one. bye! :(
and the worse is i cant watch the game! just gonna wait for the rerun later :(
my msn is broked :(
i said "i'm okay" yea, i did. but see into my eyes. they'll tell the truth ! :(
:(
its almost 5 am im not going to sleep until #welovesteph becomes a tt :( please help i want sleep. she is a belieber please
:( hope things get better! and you...escape.
suffering w/ a serious case of ipad envy :-( /via know the feeling! cant wait till end of
april. curse staggered releases!
kick some rear tonight! wish we could be there to see you :(
today is going to be long :(
no :(
i mispronounced the word "organisms" into "orgasm" during presentation just now... why?!!!!!!!! :-(
"daddy, a monkey could do this" "i don't have a monkey handy. you're underqualified but you'll have to do" :(
lool grrr the channel aint working :(
:( unnie hwaiting! you can do it! we support you always. ♥
i want the other poster of u-kiss :(
work started at 7 i will be done in two hours. fuck i'm going back to bed if i can. happy saturday :-(
jaane kahan se aayi hai ke badle muje clash of the titans dekhna pada kal :(
hahaa omg i want one too...did someone get u one? jealous! i want a lindt easter egg :(
shit :( im working at 1 :s is on sky sports? :/
may apparently :( the annoying thing is not much came out at the end of 09, got loads for 2010 though :)
cos i miss watchin the match with company :-(
wanted to go cov .v. derby today and watch the rams win, but no, cant get tickets :(
olly jess is very sorry :(
lost a follower :( fuck you!!
don't like vegetablessss.. :(
i don't even knw whos that person lah !!! :(
i wish i was :( haha
same :( i kind of expected it but it's still sad
its stopped nooooo more mj and its not even good mj. youtube is evvveeeeel :(
:( cheer up !
its almost 5 am im not going to sleep until #welovesteph becomes a tt :( please help i want sleep. she is a belieber please
lagta hai shoaib, pakistaniyoon ko internationally zaleel kerwai ga iss harkat say! this case has become too controversial :(
ugh i'm not a morning person :(
yes i love leader too :( #alwayskeepthefaith
panjang onn heheh bisa liat newsnya di sharingyoochun, intinya avex paused semua kegiatan thsk :( mau nanya :)
ohhh awwwww :( when you're finished i'll give you it as soon as i can :l , what presents we getting for em? :s
aaw! sweethrt!! sowee :( morning people.......jus woke up....still dont feel better... :(
suck my dick beliebers. i cant wait til justin says he is gay, all of yall will be crying :( lmao
please refollow ,:)rt oh damit! im not following anyone :( tweet me if you want to be refollowed quick go go go !
gua pengen jujur ke elu, tapi gua takut lu jauhin gua hueee :( #llf
yyyrrr!!!!!!!
missing someone,,,, don't know whom (big sigh)......... :( :( :(
fuck you immune system :(
i love you too <3 im about to kill my brother... wanna help? lol :(
i hate saying no to people :(
curhat mas? saya paling sulid dalam hal menata rambut :(
:( can't seem to recover from this cold or the constant thought that i've hated the passed 2 weeks....
i must've sensed a dance party going on, because i couldn't sleep at all last night. :(
i didn't talk to my mommy or grandmommy yesterday :( very unusual....
whoa! have been at navsari fer 2 days and i'm loving it, the feeling is simply divine! dont wanna go back.. :(
