kat has a fast spreading infection and appears she'll be spending resurrection day in a hospital bed :(
so i put like £50 on my card on tuesday night, now i'm back to having nothing!! :(
good morning, i have a stomach ache :(
im sick. yet have to finish work at 10. :(
down liat hasil technical meeting :(
looool yeah too many bt getting my body into shape for summer so can't eat them :( mines has been (cont)
ohhh its sooo busyy!! no staff at all :( lol yeh defoo the next home game on a friday you up for it?? :) x
coz i'll maybe go if i got enough money after planning my holiday and some other stuff...and i do't want to be alone :(
flight leaves fort lauderdale at 4pm.. back in la at 9. flying is no fun when you have a cold. :(
:( my fav city two dozen shootings in chicago since thursday morning have left 22 people wounded &two dead
missing ken like crazy :(
we lacked the funds to run for president. :( ask ako 1 question, bakit di tumakbo pgka president dad mo?
wants a slice of cake from conti's. :(
okay going to have food :( and dr pepper to keep all you lot and off my case ^_^
the car's immobilizer broke :( nw the car at vw service centre..
dmn chay?rt karaokean ajaa ngantriii :(
my sleeping pattern is meshed up!!!! aahhhhh my head is killing me. got woken up by a studip bee trying to come thru the windon :(
sudah berjuta2 kali :( threw it change it w the new one is the best method i think!!
i memba those! the days before i had acrylic nails :( they'd rip my nails off now lol #teamacrylic & i dno just never watched
#1 trending topic.. don't know if we should be happy or sad :(
stopping by to say hello. i have a sunburn and it was 90 degrees yesterday. i hate hot weather, burn heidi burn...too pale :(
hahaha oreo got trans fat :( cannot eat too much. boooo
hahaha, i know. just hope we could get the 1st place. anyway i can't join the party. got flu :( #501carrotsformal
omjjjjj me too :( :( ahh!
i noticed it in blockbuster when i was there the other day and thought of you. no :-( did you see robesessed world?
butch! aduh kliatanya aq lebai :(
i hope so! :( i've missed you lots
no ideaa what im doing today anymore :(
it´s possible, i dont know him in person. i think he's a big baby. :( #f1 #digrassiblocksfans
i miss you :(
i dont want to wear glasses until tuesday but i kinda have to :(
rain put a stop to that its not stopped for hours here :( you get any sleep yet?
mengingatkan org dimasa lalu :'( sediiih :( lagunya :') "i must admit you were
i miss you :( :(
he's also quite rude when you try and make a request :(
why i keep loosingg followers?? :(
is afraid that man utd might lose to chelsea today. :( still 0-0 at the 10 min mark.
well sprained my ankle.... it hurts now.... wht to do? :(
i told miley i was going...sorry i didn't say goodbye :( i couldn't find you two..
i hate to see oma cry especially when i'm the reason why she's crying :(
the roof of my mouth stings. a lot :( whyy.. and my fingers are popping extra loud today. hmmm. i think i woke corianne up when i popped em.
pouting...absolutely not fair that i have to leave the beach and go to class today :(
#sucksforme , i drank all my cocaa :(
besok? yahh gabisa ka :( iia aku ikut haehe ayo ikut tp harus ikut ngumpul ds dulu bsk biar dpt (cont)
i tried to find out about them but can only find the 2009 rises on royalmail.com :( can you help?
okelah buat lo b2 cukup tau! :(
sigh.. i forget to bring my phone out today. since morning 4.45am i did not touch my phone : (
bored.com :(
picked ghds up wrong way : (
ouch :(
yeaahh lots! i'm going to devon and i really don't want to. :( yourss? xxx
njis jorok.. njiss males mandi gini gue :(
ngidam marjolain cake pand'or :(
its very cold :(
wonders if hoping and trusting is enough.. for him to go back.. :(
canada is awesome :) i'm not :(
#1 trending topic.. don't know if we should be happy or sad :(
cepet sembuh.... tetap smangat! re:@firststhings: ngantri dokter anak di rsib bisa 3 jam lebih :(
is aching all over from last night :( although madina lake were epic (l)
leyeh2 bntr abs itu "ngedate" sm tgs :(
why does work always have to be so dang early?! :(
master saw if not wrong ! very famous one ! but services jt farking shity ! :( babe your prince coming pg huh ? ;))
lmao my bro freeing a neglected dog from a nasty animal abusers garden :(
watching of mice and men, i hate this film, it makes me feel uncomfortable :( ugh, they're just arriving at the ranch ...
idk : ( cheer me up bighead
