might have lost my phone and camera somewhere in the house... :(
that makes me sad :( no one is helping with #mileyforever :(
lool i actually do but she always ignores me lmao! what a bitch :(
he is the way too cute when he texts only this " :( " -____-
<///3 j'aime pas comment ça termine :(
night swimming, beach volleyball... ahhh. i love here. lol. i have the best cousins and aunts! =)) so sad they're going home tomorrow. :(
gfyigdysgyusgy. :( and yeahhh, best be jokin! ooooh. (: oh and you mean only* ;)
up early for no reason .. aww , my cousin & oc went back to ny :(
midnght mh malem jumat aja sup, ngga liat yg payudara ak mabal, tak than liat vdeo kek gtu :( eh lu th puny brp nomer si? lieur gw
i know u always reply and followed ur fans. but u never do it to me. i think u never notice me :( i do it everynight for u.
my friends lo! and you haha noo! :( broke.
they are going to pause their activities as tohoshinki :( official news from their japanese webs
some of their outfits didnt show up :( so i have to make them.. and im nervous about it
q:when are u going to manila? :( a:not so sure yet. i think maybe this 12 or 13... :(...
fuckkkk just noticed it's three weeks till my dance audition :(
what?? *shock* hello baby shinee will end at episode 12! :(
i just got this so bare with me :(
i don't like it when banglas stare :( it makes me take a detour. [delayed]
tired and sunburned.. and now i'm missing fox and friends... hope the day gets better. :(
~ omg! sorry to hear that robin. :-( *hugs*
my mum really dosent trust me at all :(
and now no electricity. now i smell as i can't have a shower! sadface :-(
miss you :(
just up :( in my grans doing all my art and i really cbf!!!!!!
good sat morning club ride today, sarah came out as well!! 32 miles incl long drag to the causeway, gotta wash a few bikes later :-(
workkkkk :(
sick :( hope i can go ski 2morro anyway
pissed off :@ :(
can't believe it! what a class act actor! what a look! : ( "hello angels." -- r.i.p. john forsythe
waa i miss langsat corner. udah brubah byk ya :( hey gooners! selesai nonton lari ke seberang..
bitch!!!! abeeeee :(
:-( yup i missd it... vl wtch highlits 4 sure... whos ws higst run gettr ??
yup, i totally agree. i love mac but im stuck with a compaq laptop for now. :(
family sched tomorrow! :(
chur0s.chur0s.chur0s...i want chur0s :(
looks like auria, my primary laptop, is stuck in an endless reboot after a #microsoft update... *sighs* i knew i shouldn't have... :(
telfon atuh cuma sms ke mupida yg pending. what the... :(
adoh zak rene ndro rame..hahai pgn ntn mu chelsea tp g ada tmnya.. :(
this hotel makes me want to go on vacation with all these tropical colors :(
friend where you going off?? why nvr say goodbye to me :(
fuck that, i've no chance of getting into newman :(
is unfollowing me .. thank's :(
toothache :(
it's not working :(
whoa wonderful! zhanzanit missal is not conventional in bombay. shay :(
may not be able to attend any events today :( im missing out abo's gig.
back on twitter. i feel sad :(
miss frisbee :(
cumoon! its falling! :( #jonasbrothers <3
ghost...this is stupid an idea...but how could this happen to me now? :( in his pain.... #forget it
people forget that you treat people how you'd like to be treated yourself. :(
haha, yeah we'll party at 500. i want an easter egg too :( what you up to today? x
missing out on going to carowinds the my roommates because of work :(
hitler was born two days before me :( wish i was born on the 20th of april now :(
right trecking into the ol' leeds for a bit to sort out railcard shit boring as fook but gotta be done ey :(
goodmorning guys....woke up terrified :( goin to get a drink of water
watching my cousin get on a plane...it was a great visit but it went wayyy too fast :(
just got home, ahhh im tired :(
ooh :( i hope it for you !! :) xx
shit aint it ! avin no money ! :( thats it ! were robbin the bank of england haha .. & ime jus bwt to wrk off all tht shit from
nehneh.camera and phone both no batt. time to charge..... feel like going out for a drink at some random cafe [not to the market :( ]
aaaaa i miss those guys #alwayskeepthefaith sorry onew i really miss them :(
#alwayskeepthefaith i really miss those moments :(
