sombong bgt gue gak difollow masa :(
looks like i've got it for most of her vist :(
ohhhh fudge i did it again.. i was supposed to go to sleep early.. :( i failed! #fml
:( :( :(
that i'll drink too much, or start fights, or argue wth you. my cravings aren't as bad and i don't want to make them worse :(
no formsprings. :(
saturday went past fast too :( hope you have a fabulous, chocolate free day :) love ya ave *hugs*
hey dec, by any chance you have a copy of the web101 assignment brief? blackboard is down, and dont wanna wait till monday! :(
found a foos tee i wanna get but they don't have another tee in a smaller size. :(
i shouldn't care rightrightright? :(
wanna to cry :(
back from work. i dislike the new manager. his name is joe. he is fat ugly and mean :(
...i really don't want to be awake right now. :(
i wish i was u :(
i'mma miss dw tonight :( fuck work! i'll be 10mins in when i get home. need to wait 'til its on iplayer. no spoilers if you watch it, please
it's not nice here. i mean no spring, autumn, winter. just summer and wet :( and anyways thx for ur 2500th tweets :)
had a crazy ass time in houston!!!!!!! damn ima miss this city :( showed me a fun ass time..... thanks!!!!!!! i'll b bck asap!!!
seeling my guitar :-(
looooooooooooool oh my god this is hurting my ribs.. ayyy!!! rose : ( change ur name to instead!!!!
i'm fine thanks .. what about you ?? and i wish i can cook :(
i hate having bad dreams :(
looks like an outdoor session :(
don't ever hate me :( #qft
easter eggs and stuff. :) .. i wish i could watch it..but we have all the sky channels apart from music!! :( boo. xx
coz it just causes me pain and controls my life :(
yes! hahahahah wish you were here :(
i went to mate's for meal last night, lots of rich food, didn't feel good last night but worse today. hate feeling ill :-( xx
what should i do? :(
work today :( rather stay home n do yard work
i just wanna say i'm very miss u dad :(
wish i could've gone. :(
beli banyak say 100biji bwt bsk aurell & jessie mau baksos ke panti asuhan anak" :( gώ yg repott hahaah
phone sin't working anymore :(
nope, she hasn't :( haha and it seems good to me :) what language do you usually speak?
:(
ohh i miss my peeps work! i should be at the emirates stadium! :(
never thought i would cry over you ! :( never felt like this before !
i want you come back to me but impossible :(
hibur gue dong my dongsaeng, onnie-mu ini masih speechless :(
hai... my eye-candy is attached. :(
i wanted to go too :( i dont even want to think about exams. have you started revising?
the search for choco taco was unsuccessful. too bad. r.i.p. :(
pope pius wasn't a nice man :(
iphone 3g or nokia 5800? #pickone plissss :(
today i learnt that letting a 20 kilo child jump up & down on your back can have extremely dire consequences :(
ya i'm sowry :( terlalu sadis caramuuuuurt
where is denny? i'm looking for him hiks :(
oops wrong link i mean: i don't have many q's :(
i spent my weekend in home. ouch! :( :(
trying to wake up , but i can't :(
hey guys was open good last night?? foam party i couldnt go :(
i need hugs :(
and tuesday is my b-day can wait want to go and hang with brenton and everyone down the mountain and jst have fun before skwl starts :(
hahahaha! just wishful thinking... i reaaally miss them as a couple :(
my home button on my iphone is stuffed :(
went to watch the mighty brymbo and they bloody lost :(
sent you a msg...my phone hates life tho :(
aww, why so down? :(
oow she is in town? i didn't knw. she didn't tell me :(
baru selesai nntn hachiko, tears fallin down! uuuu :(
morning all ! i'm workin on the long weekend :( gonna try to enjoy the +28 temp later on.
i dunno why i always go to check the post, there's never anything for me :( :l
no credit :(
awww. pooor you. :(
im great.. ugh because he never reply my tweets :(
sorry buddha let you down last night. :( ur always a winner in my book! did u see clash-like it? hope ur sat. rocks!!! *hugs*
please notice me :(
gag putusrt no boy :(
lool i used to have the wallpaper, pokedex and a ringbinder for cards, i was fully addicted. :(
ada yg mengalami hal sama gak bisa masuk email gmail??? i have some trouble couldn't sign in... since last night :(
the sun is too hot!! *redheads* dont handle weather well! :(
today feel extremely boring! :(
need more followers :(
i just want to feel better. omfg i'm sick of this. :(
watson throws to the stumps, misdirects it n hits morkel plumb, ohh tht must hv hurt :( :(
sorry for the loss of your grandfather :(
says why do i miss someone??? :-(
wanna to cry :(
mildy depressed that i missed my 11th anniversary with juliann (and first missed). at least it lasted 36 hours between our timezones. :(
if didnt post the news, i would just pretend that its an april fool joke :( #alwayskeepthefaith
yep. deffinitely getting sick. :( i think this is second hand con crud
ahhhhhg my knee hurts me a lot :(
onmyway home :( bosen dirumah
my internet seems to always cut out :( x
my stomach hurts :(
is fucking nothing gonna go right this week :(
aaw, that's really bad timing. is it a bit better already? :(
he done it to youu now me :( offend much :l @steviehoang are you intentionally ignoring me :l x
low batt :(
it's my last night sleeping on this bed. :(
i knoww exactlyy :( where are you now? xx
i've been to hcf at singapore..they playd deep purple n guns n roses there..was dumb though..din like much :(
"not in good terms" sila since thurs. :(
my user name is !!! :( (cont)
up cos the end of the episode i found so depressing :(
yea :( same for you hun /hugs back
all those following please keep him and his family in your thoughts and prayers, chris isn't doing well :( please
it's a nice morning nevertheless. ooohhh just remembered i didn't get coffee yesterday. not the same waking up with mint tea : (
eaeaea where is denny? i'm looking for him hiks :(
i beg to differ young lady :(
ral and i are up. have been for the past hour... to the point of praying for sleep! oh my. :(
i'm not really back...yet!!a temporary visit.finals end may start june-loads of pieces to learn :( all good with you?
i can't :( i tried that, and it was just as bad :(
so nt happy dt it had to turn out ds way!! :(
i am tired of waiting for something... :(
it's a dank weather, no matter the rain. :(
i need more minho pics :(
missing the uae heat, it was -2 last nyt, frost covered everything.. can't go anywhere and such a hassle using buses and trains! uffft :(
jgn ngambeek, shita ikut hayu deh hehe ya i'm sowry :(
thankyou :) im real sorry :/ its not working :( <3
one-man newsroom today with just jeff buckley and a cheese and pickle roll to amuse :-(
watching boondock saints 2 and its pretty good (for a sequel) but sean patrick flannery is looking....tired. :(
totoo pu b n li2pat na c ate rachelle ann go.? juz read a tweet. don't knw f 8z true? :(
im so late...ive only recently found out about :( ive got some catching up to do. loving the median's relief ive found on youtube!
she's still got her dark humour if chemo can be pleasing, then yes :(
back they were pushin him inside! :(
sakit gw :( gk jd deh ngikut kalian. lg pd dmn deh? wew...knp ca..?rt jackpot!! (cont)
jd gak ituut? :(
i don't find it.. :( : its in ur heart dear :)
will auch. :(
twitter is shitter. than facebook, but it lets me. stalk celebrities. haikus are less effective without line breaks :(
has oshkos (alias hehe.. ) hugged u? needs a hug :(
pasta al pesto...i cannot afford anything else :(
i wish i bought that shirt now :(
wants to watch the chelsea v man. u game today :(
beautiful sunrise! getting ready to leave :(
