sleeping and revising this is the life! notttttt :( yes i do hve sme choc eggs yum yum
...what i would do to be normal again! :(
hi olly :) do you still have the teddy and fanmail i gave you??? miss you :( hope your okay...much love xxxx
what's up su? :( ngeek ngeeek why don't anyone consider my feeling? hrrrrrh x'(
:( only two numbers away from awesomeness!!.. oh well... knock 'em dead!
tvxq proud (via ;; f i want to cry :( #alwayskeepthefaith forever
can you please send me a dm i tweet you all the time to but you just dont : ( </3
.. damn why cant we go to eindhove :(
i so hope that doesn't happen to me today, because sometimes i'll go to bed exhausted, sleep for 2hrs, then i can't sleep anymore. :(
no i don't plg nunggu di star world heuhe :( lg apa?
i should probably just finish my last book and then do all the stuff that is waiting for me to do :(
grant for uni fees is finally in! naturally, student finance england plans to pay it into an account with a five-digit sort code :( #sfefail
#jedwardeaster i've not got any eggs :( but seen as i'm sick today i don't think i'd be having any, anyway. :/ tweet me? :) x
#jedwardeaster!! plz tweet me i'm having a very crap very boring day :( x
good morning peeps
happy saturday... im making oatmeal... i didn't sleep well last night :( too much to do.. havin' lunch w/ my sister today
good talk. i miss that guyyyyy. come to sj noooow!! :(
miss your sms.. :(
so mean :( *pouts* i really don't want to get out of bed yet
i want 7/11's like that in canada :(
yeaaah, i'm here should probably be out by now haha : ( gutted. ohh i think i may just have an idea aha xx
can't watch seven pounds.. not when i feel like this :(
da sun is not my friend i can never sleep in :( <likewise
panas chingrt sakit apa e ? sakit :(
noooooo scores are level...... port has kicked the last 2.... cmon eagles dont give up now :(
fuuuck, it's not gonna catch up! 96 min vs 87 min :(
thanks to everyone that came to n support of unclemike & i. & to my family that was disrespected the door :( pardon. ottn
when relase ipad 3g??today?? i'm blocked in 3.1.3 3gs old boot :(
feel better :) i still don't feel well :(
follow me follow me.you're not follow me :(
you lying!!!! :-( i'm right under where 275 meets i4 stuck its insane!!
alone again :(
i still haven't seen tvd 16, cos i like used waaay to many internet usage the other day, so i have to wait for a while :(
can u tweet me or dm me back please jordan i have been waitin so long : (
why i keep loosingg followers?? :(
:(
ya ampun baiknya :( just bought a hanamontana pen from a 7yo.she's selling her unused stationery (cont)
passn thru sultan bathery..goin bck 2d hostel aftr tour...wish i cud go home...missn mum :(
good luck. see the article cnn that talks about what it cannot do! < come on, dude. don't ruin #ipad day. :(
shit la, i'm totally forgotten about my lit homework. how? i'm not going home tonight. :(
on my way into work now. still not feeling too hot, woke up too late to call out sick. :(
buka laptop super lemot demi nton tokyo dome~~ kangen mereka perform berlima dipanggung super gede wif alotta cassiopeia there :(
tadi nonton clash of the titans gajadi hachiko :(
takut miskin :(
awhh :( you coulda got the bus down with if she was going :( its only like 1hour and 30 mins away :( xxxx
sbgai ce yg jg prnh dmaenin, gw ga ska co yg maenin ce.. :( i don't care who you are, my brother or what so ever.. i still can hate u
mornin, i believe there's an agressive virus goin round. since last nite, my throat been itchin, head congestion and fevr...damn weather :(
it's almost 8am on a saturday. :( can't i please crawl back into bed??
cowo yang di how to train your dragon mayan ganteng (pdhl kartun) tapi kakinya buntung :( unyunyu
lmaoooo i wanted to become a famous hacker though that career path didnt work out :(
my car now at vw service centre :( but glad to know it's safe there :)
sma... :( laper weh kenyang abisrt laper (cont)
going out with ma dad :l then at 6 i have nothing to doo :( friends ?
#jedwardeaster :} wish i got a jedward easter egg :( xxx
damm i cant uppload a new pic :(
no but i wanna come :( is it z7mah??
bought fresh mangoes and made mango shake but it doesn't taste the same w/o a straw :(
waduh berarti tadi saya salah liat dong :(
had to disable comments because of spam :( will get a filter installed soon. feel free to email me comments though :)
i need an ipad :( :( check this video out -- ipad review and unboxing
my thumb nail broke and now it's really hard to text :( lols. clearly not my day!
all i wanted was 10more miites of sleep and some peace :(
i'm suffering from wgm withdrawal symptoms argh, another week more. :(
i don't wanna go to work. boo :-(
i can pick so much to read, but i can not think of anything :(
whenever i see my cellphone, i remember my grandma.. :(
:( grocery shopping! can't wtch whol mtch,bt myt return in tym fr vs wid #ipl
