d: why's wrong? :(
i wish i could apply for the interview, but i'm not 18 yet :( but i did enter the myspace competition for winning the wembley tickets!
i have been found!!! actually i had to find my way home...these bitches never found me lol :( oh drunken nights!
who u supporting kavi? i'm united 4 life! pity rooney's out for 2-3wks :( but if u're a chelsea supporter, u'd lyk dat. lol
its my birthday :) yay! ; the only reason why i made twitter was for joe but he doesnt even reply :( xo
i don't know y it happened for the last two days...... i had a dream on first day but it continues with next day .[full of horror] :(
otw pulang :( :(
followers gue bertambah dong plis :(
arrgh! superbad stopped working near the end when the cops are sitting on the bed with mclovin. it's scratched. night ruined :(
awesome plus gold does not mean automatic xboxlive awesomeness :(
oke tik huhu do'ain cepet sembuh ya (?) yaaaah huuu :( yg tabah ya ris (?) (cont)
going. :( please tweet! #happybirthdaygerardway
great performance matt and co. you said what needed to be said. myers was a bit of a downer though :( hope hes not right.
work :(
rt: it was my bad :(
pokepokepokepoke, when do i get to see you :( your puppet has a heart nose! ;d
8 course degustation with matching wines...4th course and still very hungry :( (@ libertine)
banana milk sold out :(
we all loved you choco taco :(
dang, i need to get out of bed :(
i can't :/ my phones been restricted, no calls or texts. i'm getting other people to let him down for me :(
feels really quite sick tbh :(
noooo! just noticed the sun isn't shining anymore...! it did when i woke up.... now i'm really depressed :(
eh salah ct :(
i wish the uk did more posters :(
thankyou bgt len.. cepat sembuh ya brader :(
i wish the uk did more posters :(
#nowplaying a plain morning ×dashboared confessional. dude. not cool :(
goodnite.i njoy sleep.but the opportunity costs are rather costly :-(
oh no, that sucks hon! sorry this is such a damn mess. :( *hugs* enjoy spn/leverage!
just say when and well all go somewhere, if shes not too busy.... she dont love me no more :(
me too baby :( shoot, just realized that i havent eat a thing since morning! better start to chew sumtin.
try to killing al that fucking bugs in the house :(
i wish the uk did more posters :(
i know :( how are you today? :) what're you gonna do? do you have work?
ic :(
ugh. i guess that's what i get for being such a slob. :( at least they have $5 tickets! :)
i dropped my new phone in a cup of tea :( still works, but doesnt vibrate i can live with that...
when followed me he was following like 300 people now he follows like 5,000 don't feel special anymore :( lol.
i wish the uk did more posters :(
haha aww poor you :(
really not wanting to work today :( i just want to be able to sleep and i cant
aw man, you dont have the shirts with you on tour? :( i hoped to get one of them
i knoww :( they only do 2 plus the little magazine posters :(
melbourne is ossum. staying right in front of fed square. delight for party mongers. unfortunately no frenz here so badly stuck :(
i wish the uk did more posters :(
bad luck matt :-( keeping everything crossed for later!
my son saw my proton saga and he said why so laopok. :(
ahhh damn , this means i have absolutley no chance of seeing him till he comes back in sept/oct :(
i burnt my fingers :(
:( i'm shattered and i want to sleep more. but i'm back in town again. i dunno how you can be arsed with work! xx
:( true! i know, i'll take u out so we can find u a girl when i get there :)
are you okay? :(
just up :) sore head today :( x
omggggggg i miss you more :( i really could do with one of your hugs right now
huhu :( icil abiss
i'm all the way on the other side of town :(
my last post wasnt tweeted ! :(
can you please sign this? :( xx
that thing we were talking about,i'm starting to have 2nd thoughts about it :(
i'd come get you if i wasn't in hawaii :( i'm sorry.
same :-(
need to get out of here :(
wish i could of gone, family is being very annoyinng :(
i wish the uk did more posters :(
practice makes perfect! can't wait to hear about the yumminess! ps: all my tweets disappeared :(
everytime i want to go out, my mum always does something to make me late! seems like i'm staying at home today :(
i wish the uk did more posters :(
cant sleeep :( xx
