awh man, i'd love summa that :(
aaaaaah so sad i can't be there .. :( a 1000 miles away.. its going to be epic.. :)
hey bree, i'm in your home state, too bad your out on the road :(
just got back from the boyfriends. needs $300!!!!! :( cousin needs new kiddney :( dont want her to die :'(
i bad mood too :(
i think my hopes are too high, i want a or some contact with you, but you have no time for some insignificant fans :(
how comme? :(
your gonna miss alexia doing bad romance :(
this fever is getting worse, i really need my personal lovely doctor... :(
how come tampines area got so many hot guys????! :(
hope dat u kno truth :(
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
oh! today makes the sale in 3 hours ipad. who is on the tail of manhattan? in spain. anyway i will not have :( in spian in 31 of april!
srry about my last two tweets last night for some reson my dsi tweeted the same thing twice! :(
i'm at the vet's. the dogs're barking & i'm scared :(
i hate packing :(
tri sama axis musuann beb :( iyah syg? km kenapa?? bebe :(
en route farewell party :) or :( ?
ishhhhhhh -,,- iya org gw satnitenya ma elu..:( sedih crtanya (lebay),wkwk
:( is it a radio station or an actual channel?
cant find my sims 2 disk. i was well up for that aswell. someone buy me sims3? :(
gue ga diajak :( satnite wif at pepeje . hahahahahahyyy .
easter bunnies...do u still check the global radio fanmail? i sent a letter there last month & havent had a tweet :( x reply?
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
*shoots self* :( raaaaahhhh
i know how you feel :(
:(
aw, i didnt get to catch you at the gym earlier! :( haha! oh well, see you monday! ;)
heyyyyy!!! :( long story...hii lee lee my lil drunkie
not done with henderson waves shots yet. :(
on my way to pet hospital ! :(
ruthie is all eaten :(
teringat? what? aku lagi di regency jadi teringat deh :(
wishes the rain would go away : (
waaaa i miss you guys :(
doesn't seem to be working for me either. :(
i wish i went to hogwarts to learn magic :( lol
i'm brunette too :)bet you if i wore a bikini to meet justin he would be like yeahhhh.but if u wore clothes he'd be like :( lol
omgeeee it has the best sensivity ever and i lost it :(
nooooooooo please delete it lynn!!! :(
now its been three days! :(
yay, the fam came in at 1am. yet, they're still awake. giving up my bed and having the bonus-room as my territory for the next day or two :(
it's almost 6 days before your concert here in the philippines. too bad i can't come. :( i hope i could see you on apr.10. ^^
i hate it mas banssssss...i need to talk to mas bansss.... :(
yea :( we need to hang asap.....
settlers 7 is great, ubisoft drm sucks and i need a new graphics card :(
really wishes it was 8:00 i feel like i'm gonna throw up :(
11:15. bye bye :(
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-( /via <~ i know how you feel jase
i feel sooo bad :( who wants to take care about me?
:( *hug attacks you*
asstaagaaa.. benar.benar kangen ma ni orang :( hmmm.. i really hate this fuck situation* ciuuhh
i wish i was :-( ya allah aku pengeeen 14 days left. who's going to concert in vietnam? #asiawantstheclickfive
i wish i stayed at mcc a lil longer :(
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
totally lost her voice halfway through teaching a class today! >.<! looks like the tiger year isn't a good start for me. :(
i never saw her live yet :( only pictures, movies, videos :/
knp tayangrt turut berduka cita bwt keluarga gw.speechless :(
me too man, me too. not cool :( get well soon
badhrinath is still in.. that is double bad news :(
i missed you tonight :-(
jealous :( on the way to tg malim for some yik mun loving
i'm actually quite depressed :( i miss my dream
yay,how i wish he can have book tour here in asia :( please..
bales sms gue dong pleaseeee :(
hmm. dba apa?rt io :'( pe cpat , trng slsa :( snin* nni dund?
yes, i would agree with that :( i want one, wanna get me one? ill let you have the box haha
cutted hair. :(
i miss my ana :(
takut liat org2 suntik silikon ilegal :(
i have a feeling saturday is gonna be an awkward day :(
we hav another 1.5 hrs... hope berb jus plays outta his skin n doesn't repeat the horrible game like with bayern :(
=x ewww! i haven't threw up at 3 in the morning in a very long time! && i'm sober! neer! :(
me too man :(
omg i miss twitter. i dont know why :(
:( it probably wont be as good as david tennant isnt in it!
i didn't watch anything. but i went to my aunties and her sister brought her daughter who was 1 and she was sooo cute :(
:( :( why do ppl unfollow me. i didn't do anything. i wasn't online. so what did i do???
blocked nose and sore throat. crapppy :(
aw boo :( mine hurts too and im coughin up mah lunngzzz i hope you feel better!
yah!! and it's gross!!! :(
i thought it was quite clear....doesn't help when friends wind ewe up....i'm sowweee :( xxx
lol..i miss your besos :( mmmm i want ur toungue ring hehe (;
i give up can u please prove me wrong cuz u havnt been ur fans latly i guess ur to busy :(
oh man :( have fun though!
takut liat org2 suntik silikon ilegal :(
very disappointing qually :-( the only
saving grace is both mclarens and ferrari's are bunched together so there shouldn't be too much point
easter bunnies...do u still check the global radio fanmail? i sent a letter there last month & havent had a tweet :( reply? x
haha what do they do? and i am shortly, almost home :( i'll explain later haha
people kept asking my mum when she's coming back. i hated it. it just reminds me that i get to have 3 more weeks with her. :(
omwt home. sorry aku plg duluan :(
lhoo to wulan ngomongnya frontaal. baguuuus! :(
fyi, i am horribly shy. i love talking to people, but it's incredibly difficult for me to start the conversation. :(
:( i'll miss you<|3 p.s- happy late 6 month friendship<3
byee all :(
you're not the only one! suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
ping!!! am home get here asap :(
also went to the beach! got crumb cutletted and leslie threw a dead sea snail at me :(
dicabut dulu ajadeh, belom siap :(
has a neck ache and an empty stomach. feed meeeee :(
woo jd miss judi dong lu? hahaha *lol . gue masi mall to malll -_- . huaaa bete sekali :(
hi! hope you're all having a great weekend. chilling out on #playstationhome -the internet will be disconnected by thursday when we move :-(
tiba tiba mau main the sims :(
i feel your pain dude :(
susah cari link yang bagus buat donlot lagu nya travis mccoy :(
ur there too? couple my girls r there. and im seein few other random ppls tweets talkin bout bein in thorpe park :(
soo boreed. :(
they look perfect together :'(
sooo jelous :( x
feeling really awful this morning , headache, swollen throat and blocked nose :(
:( i missed a friend's birthday celebration and 9th's party tonight. #ultimatefail
confined... :(
woahhh 8 away from 100 << please sign thissssss, it would mean so much :( xx
it's daaark out :( going to work . my mommy raised my pay to $8/hr cause "$6.50 is child labour" ;d
uwouwouwo opo aee -_- icicicicicicicirt miss u :(
i need to see my shanny, jaak, sarah, and asher again. i haven't seen them in ages! i miss my primary school friends :(
i wil miss the thrd game in a row :( .. man u...gotta win..
i miss reply to belieber :(
not gonna see my girl till monday :(
