lmao i didn't know row i existed lol i bet im in row a for all exams :( haha gym today :)
im jus scared to lose you and was angry cos i scared i lose you.. tats y i blurt out all the things..i didnt mean it :(
yeah i know..i cant do nothng ana miga.., lain lng sa feeling mura kog buang here... wala mn lng text or wat,, :( :(
sapa jg yg mau jual u sil wkwkwk@syllveee: gw gk mau dijual :( ahh
i wish i had all the music channels on sky.. i only have five or six :(
bilang mnta respond dund :-( :'-( (tears) (tears) (tears)
says uang habis (tears) :'-( :-(
hahhahahha maaf ya thee :(
omg that film fucks up my head i've seen it like 4 times :( that creature looks hideous!!!!
ahah i know feel like shit tho and we gots nothing 2 talk bout :(
love and hate vacation :(
morning all well it is for the next half hour here in the uk anyway* my little book of poems as been a bit delayed : (
sakit deh liat tweet mu sama cewek *itu :(
i want porridge, will only eat porridge :(
i have the best bb in the world---@missesmegalexis; even though she hates me right now :(
ahhhh i decided to have my hair done shorter than usual...its taking me ages to get used to it :-(
mau satee ayam :(
star wk is my period! not had a proper one since aug 08, &this is full blown with everything..agony &vomiting etc :(
my life has a severe lack of zombies. :(
every year there are a number of deaths and serious injuries because of tourists swerving into wrong lane :(
aww why hon? :( *starts dancing to welcome to oblivion*
annoying scratch on my ipod screen :(
can you delete that tweet?i scare if other people see that,hailat la :(
haha nah... read tvxq gonna stop their jap activities too :(
about to board the plane back to bahrain !! :(
leavyn ny today to visit my home state dc\va then out to da outerbanks but im goingg to miss :-(
nooo, i've been sick. didn't go to school for four days this week. :( but i was really craving for lala chong!
-.- aku otw pulaaang li,yaaah ngga ketemuu dong caaay :( ontheway kelapa (cont)
gag tw dah g. wkwk kmn?? ayo pergi. hgaha ada yang ajakin gw pergi donk donk!!! :(
still can't :(
#ihate running for the bus. its one of the most degrading and demoralising things a woman can to do...that and prostitution :(
back at the ranch after a cool day out in warrington.... ate at that peking buffet place where you just eat eat and eat... still full :-(
jackass alert :( poor sandra bullock. jesse jackass just admitted that he che...
boseeeeeen :(
i have been gurgling nails.. :(
stuck in traffic i hate this :(
bhaha same with me :( so what ya doing? no.. ; x
works going fastish today. good times! still gotta cat-sit later :( that's my evening ruined >.<
lebam :( betul2 kat bcg. i got shot once sahaja. most of the time i berlawan dengan semut. kena gigit dgn semut kaw2.
eugh, i feel so sick :-( am gonna attempt to have a shower.....
no mood for april. :(
disappointed :(
hair appointment cancelled last minute :( try again for tuesday
athinu.. strday i was sober :| --> paavam mundakkyal sekheran... -> athe :( 1day waste aayi! -> lol!
getting bored of someone! he makes me so crazy right now :(
last day at singaporee :(
it's really inconvenient that on shabbat in israel, everything is closed. i'm starving :(
i really don't like my accent sometimes (both english and setswana). it's like the words in my mouth fight to get to my tongue first. :-(
awww babez, bugsy was just telling me you and him were talking about me yesterday. i miss you too :-( ill see u soon tho
mmm ; ill think about it ; most likely imaa kill'em but then imaa need a neww bestfriend :( dammm idk now
need holiday, not monday :(
aww rage. a letter came for and i thought it was for me!! :(
i had a dream that i was a comedian. but couldn't think of anything funny to say :(
delivery sushi dong kerumah gw :(
i feel like watching hp for some reason. i don't have any of them though :(
i got it!! i live in medan,indonesia! not yet available in my city :( not yet.i cant buy it:( you?
wtf has happened to my google?! :(
cheer up baby :(
cil gak bisaaa sorry yaaa salam buat yang lain :(
woke up.....cant sleep :(
i am :( there's a show at the arthouse i wanted to see that night too :(
me want to spend easter at home so badly :(
i suck cause i will miss your awesome party! i'm too sick to go!! :( hahaha
so so so mega-ly sorry i missed u! :( and also tt it's taken me so long to reply!
enggaklah..cuma bab fungsi komposisi huwaaaa.. :( babx smwx tha? iyaa, besok selasa. loh ada
so tempted to ph tonight with them! but.. i just recovered from flu only :( and there's sao mu tml.. aaahhhhh. kill me please!
hungry. what's dinner! :(
i hope the kfc treat will make my grandparents feel better! :(
says respon please..., :-(
israel's faboosh, love it here -- can't wait to come home though, i miss everyone :(
1st aka sis 2nd kcba (niece) 3rd me :(
yeah, i know the feeling. that is the suck :( gogo, bed, hurry!
ih, emang sms yah ?? bntr di liat dulu.. hehehe sms gue gadibales :(
time to get ready for work :( come on leeds! #lufc
its a pity #mflow doesnt have a larger catalogue, theres plenty of music i wanna recommend, tons, and its not there :(
i miss ghana!! :( <---so get yo ass here ma'am...
somebody feed me :(
im getting your texts, i got your voicemail, but your calls arent coming through. :(
ahhhhh i don't want a break! i wanna look at yous all day! :( lol
dont tweet me back thennn :(
printer isnt working :(
whats wrong :(
need holiday, not monday :(
are you going to reebok stadium today? unfortunately i won't be able to watch the match :-( have a great easter.
eating stale nutrigrain :(
oh no :( good luck x
spring forward, fall back? we're getting back the hour we saved a few months back. no interest though :(
sumpah mau cerita butuh & banget asap!!!! huhu :(
hope hope hope hope hope hope hope hope :(
aww :( that's upsetting.
you follow 1055 ppl and you have only 435 followers :( that´s not fair ! so c´mon follow or i´ll unfollow you !!
it was goood didn't wanna leave :( whatchu gonna buy shopping? xx
i'm missing my lady... so sweet of her to get me all the chocs... :(
yeah i know! s3 was on sbs recently i think. i'm waiting for the dvd release of daria so no it crowd :(
so exhausted. i really wish i could be sleeping right now :( :(
really very dizzy this morning, probably not a great idea to be getting on a bicycle today :(
work in half an hour. my dad has gone to see united play chelsea again without me :(
no motivation do to work! but so much to do! :(
craaaap, can't find a copy of book in saskatoon either. two wrong answers i should have had correct. :(
so bored this saturdaynite just stay at home ! :(
still at jb. my whole mind is about work. :(
yah yahrt iyap hehe udah off ya? :(
back from a wander around town with my flatmate. she just upgraded her phone to a blackberry :(
i am suffering with this pain :(
in the mood to cuddle and fall asleep :( too bad i don't have anyone!
where are you an the other lermaniacs!? great! i online, youre all off :(
today i made new friends and they're all so nice, but my best one is quitting :(
i want to cry because my dream wasnt real :(
if chemo can be pleasing, then yes :(
just about time for some chicken noodle soup :(
y :( u're hurtn my feelings tanks bt no tanks, i'll pass that' bad for u (cont)
arrrrrr!!!! where is da damn can opener! :(
phik #followback maav bey, tweetq yg zhyiepzhyiep can't be opened :-(
oh... i feel kinda deflated now, i gave it my all! :(
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
pusing pusing pusing :( bingung??
but it looks like their 30th single, toki o tomete which was released late last month could be their final work together in a long while. :(
i want to see :(
basically i was asleep and moved about and hit my head off the top of the bed :(
me too and it would be my fit apple kit ever! hmmh suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
sorry didn't see this last night. not sure which department it was. :( they saved two though. :)
gpp kok beiby,haha..rt knp syg? am having a bad day :( :(
oh. oh. oh. tohoshinki are totally breaking up aren't they? i'm finding it very hard to #alwayskeepthefaith : (
maybe not these few days. not well :(
