aww :( maybe its cause she knows i love em xd
lol. i hate when the cat brings up a furball and you can't find it in the morning! :(
i did avoid them, but people kept tweeting things about how sad it is etc, so i guessed what would happen :( soo annoying!
i can do sooo much better :(
april 11th will be the worst day ever ! :(
i dont think you love me anymore :(
tidying up... my room was in a bit of disrepair! after it's sorted out i'll start the hbio coursework... :(
lol..kk..so wts gna hapn to ma cake..(d 1 ur meant to gv/mail me) :(
yerh man it died after 5 people did it. half the people didnt even hand one in :(
iyaka huhu doain aku msk 6 kart yah ak gak bisa hari ini sher :( km di pim ?
saw a guy with a holey straw hat today and reminded me of :(
meeeeeeeert what the heck do i really want :(
sorry. i really really want 2. but.. i have my own businesse. sorry :(
urgh omg my blackberry has totally messed up! :(
not your avatar too! :( lol.
turns out i won't be seeing homegirl today. waaaaah! :( but at least i can make up for doing no work yesterday.. naaahh son
sorry to hear that. :(
nope.. gw tktny dsono gk ad tmen ngobrol :( lw ska smbg.. :( ure already there?
someone threw a caramellow at my head. :( twitpic, please sir? :)
i'm getiing dm withdrawal :( hoping i get to talk before i have to leave to meet lara and adam later on. anything exciting happening tweeps?
o.o.*gw kesindir.haha.rt annoying dehh orang ngobrol angkot suaranya kenceeng bgt huhff :(
baru balik ngantor....... g ada long weekend disini :(
:( "hmm u dnt look like your twitcon..here put this bag w/ a picture of it on...much better!" #twitterafterdark
cant find my sims 2 disk. i was well up for that aswell. someone buy me sims3? :(
lmao that name does not exist ijoke. i enabled geotaggin little did i know i wouldnt know how to remove it red dot :(
it's groundhog day in bingley more rain :-(
that happens quite frequently i understand. product of an embryo which is trying to become twins not quite making the divide :-(
still no luck with the tripod, gonna have to try the city, but it's a gorgeous day, and i'm on nights tonight :-(
i feel aweful this morning, my nose is all bunged up and i feel drowsy :( i with the sun would come out to brighten my day!
:(
wheres miss lately? :(
samaa :( qt ska mo iko yg bjalang for paskah sbntr dg yg mlam" pke lampion mr syg tpe grj nda j bqg bgtu :(
all i've eaten for weeks is ravioli :(
nothing :(
no he's not :( errm nothing yet waiting for mum & dad to come home fr om shopping :l you?
yeah! haha i'm anya, milca do you remember me? :(
justin barely comes to england though, and he'd never come to where i live :(
mampus lo ratu internet ! haha x)) gwe lupa daftar paket :( pulsa gwe lngsung abs. bete
just spotted three sg girls swimming in the pool. too bad we're not on the mood to swim. :(
today csk will win ....... dnt reply me :-(
those couple of people didn't have to come into every fucking thread. :(
nvrmind, it's okay :(
#np everybody knows- john legend...mkes me :( ✓✓
lies! dean gaffney was trending last night. the twitter trending list is in such a sad state lately :(
my throte hurts :( :( :(
on the way to the airport :( alter bridgin' in the car!
i know it's sad :( and you're my sibling from an alternative parent xxxx
laryngitis sucks :-(
i don't know why when you're sian it will also affect me? awwww! shouldn't be this way :(
know what you mean! you tried one out yet? suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
i think i found my reason for not being able to sleep.....my husband's snoring. can't get myself to stir him either. :(
wish i had an #ipad to read e-books. reading from the desktop screen is tiring. :-(
good morning everyone. getting ready for school. oh joy. :(
you'll never guess... haha imma tell you if you're on ym. btw can you phone tweet? i can't :(
i can't watch greys anatomy on pro7.de there are only short videos :( hmm or i record this episode. ! :)
haha i dont like ringin strangers on the phone it always makes me so nervous! lmao :(
how about tonight baby? k kmpus dong de. ayo :( ak jg lg ad mslh
i'm super tired right now :( sleep time!!!
i do though :(
