and the world around me crashing down around me! can't build him up anymore :(
i don't like this woman :( poor michael
aww :( platnum are there too! :o x
yaah :( atiit *mewek bibir jatoh * yaah :( dengkul saya kepentok lemari :'(
me toooooo :( waaaa i miss you guys :(
makanya sering main ksini karaoke di rumah ada part of your world... --->aku ga pernah diundang :(
hope i get it... =/ i sent out something naughty :(
feeling rubbish :(
oh i am the 'most lonely' person in indonesia on this long weekend , i swear its me :( :( :(
not too bad thanx, just deya, don't wanna get up :( x
same to you ma. aww, wetin do your nite? hey my nyt wasnt so gud! :( hw u dey jare? happy easter oh!
i wish town's nearer to changi. :(
you can't see any of it. :(
type it into google? i don't know cos i have sky, sorry :(
lots of rain in scarborough so far today :( nice views of great spotted woodpecker feeding on suet in the garden though :)
boneym ??? like ra-ra-rasputin guys?
they gonna have a show in maldives?
when did this happen?
new channels dont have a mention :(
love you
indeed
but you dont'n to answer me :'( :(
huhuu q lom liat :-(
they will be back.. they will have a comeback! let's wait! let's wait.. let's... t_________________t this is too heartbreaking.. :(
haha i wish i went to hogwarts to learn magic :( lol
gue juga i miss our xii-g already :( hihihi..trs ini syp dong? jail deh..jd kngn suasana kelaas!
abang :( follow back doooooong ˘•˘
:ooooo never. shes such a bitch to me :(
will not be able to watch "the pacific" on hbo tonight :(
fine... ppl just don't want to help when it doesn't benifit them... :(
damn hot&fucking boring day! :-(
but maybe not in australia :( why not ?
i just realised i want to buy a birthdaytrip for saras sis..but im broke.. damn :(
shiitaki: ehh?? what’s wrong dalena-chan? :(
why bye? :(
oh the joys of viral gastro, doc says it'll only last a few more days :-( i really don't need this now. well, it's a great way to diet! ;-)
can't seem to fall asleep :(
so ur turning me down? :( where u gonna be?
yeah but for trps they shouldn't make a mockery of journalism :(
maybe we could ask for it to get moved to chamber games or something? i don't care about the posts. ah fuck it. :(
"anything" again. my family always have problems with thinking what to have for our meals. so sick of food. :(
easter bunnies...do u still check the global radio fanmail? i sent a letter there last month & havent had a tweet :( reply? x
because it's been that long. and i'm your cat and stuff :(
so bored right now :-( wish i had something to do....
kemana aja boleh . heheeh kmna ya ? hayu kmana ? hayuuuu :(
ga tau jg say :( #alwayskeepthefaith
i hate when people change and all you want is the old person back :(
i lost my usb cable from my phone :(
i love cat woman :o but she threatened to cut me with her emo whiskers :( xd
wtf chuck norris didnt get a ipad :(
the yummy cakes on display at gelato bar on bondi. unfortunately, i didn't get to have any... :(
oh,that's nice. it's rainy in taipei today :( #ovrsapp
u having a good time? how come none of u are tweeting me :( sadtimes lol!
ditto suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
looks like the weather is nt on our side today :(
ich mag ein youtube-video. -- 1r0n. 4man with double horrible clip :(
who you missing :( x
it's raining :(
so i'm at home solo :( yea i still hate the fact that i live solo lol watching movies, can't sleep!
she's upset sonn :) :] :} :> cheer up kiddrt :-( :-< :-| :-o :-s :-[ :-x :@ :-\ x-( :-#
i would have went tonight but im busy :( x
is always suprised when she misses rhys... :(
pengen pulang ke rumah... :(
why ? badhrinath is still in.. that is double bad news :(
nggak diperhatiin :(
omg,you go daiso never tell me! i want the brown eyeshadow you got. lemming for months already you know.. :(
such a nice spring day, i feel like going on a bike ride shame i've got to work :(
liptai claudia new love died daróci dávid, we do not know who was suicidal yet why, there was a government spokesman earlier. :(
oh i know eh i friggin cried again when edward left her in the forest. :-( (but then i cry over mcdonald's commercails! o.o)
aww. :( family troubles are always the worst. it'll get better though. :)
yes it is! but it doesn't suit my head shape :(
at the game. bit ordinary so far :(
to long if you ask me.. oh really what were you posting on there :( that would of made me happy if i got a wall post from you >
her phones died i think :( xxx
<<<<@justinbieber does have a girlfriend!! it's true :(
my favourite lecturer is resigning from her post at the end of this sem :(
first thing this morning it was bright, then we had hail and now it is very dark with rain = it must be a bank holiday weekend :(
good call andy, a lot better game than eels match :(
aww is he with the big man now? :(
yaah usb aku ilang yaang foto'ny ga save komputer adanya hp sm cd-ny :-( ayo aku mau liat yg ituuuu aih
me, lmao :( so bored.
yep thers only me missing :(
i have that feeling too, i'm curious as to how widmore even got hold of desmond, and where's poor penny? :(
wish i was n glasgow n this beautiful #jedwardsaterday :(
wish it was me an yea dnt you feel special i did have nyte mare tho :( an wat state you in?
oh no :( i'm having it shoulder length i think :) xx
last 10 days until i start summer classes :(
i wish i could :( <3
my car has began to stall sometimes without any reason :(
no, i dont wanna, stupid parents :(
#nowplaying that should be me :(
ayo pergi. hgaha ada yang ajakin gw pergi donk donk!!! :(
clash of the titans great too.. cuma hoax smua.. btw, seminggu ntn brpa film ya gw? bsk sekolah puasa jajan neh :(
extremely mentally and physically exhausted :( i need a break
caaaant :( internets loooow :( gotta wait till next weeeeek :(
merah kmrn di sport station 300lbh :( beli dmn ya yg 200?rt hahaha maau iteem!! item . merah 200ribuan (cont)
omg my smoke the detectors just went off...smoke everywhere in my apt ...left a pot on the stove ...almost burnt down this place :-(
umm i have to go back on tuesday so they can x-ra it and put a new cast on and then they'll tell me :( <3333 xxx
disgraceful :( this idiot thinks it's okay to use my work as self-promotion: (via
owh my effing god...... just reminded me that our real exams' are gonna start next month. i have to work hard :( its a must!!
are u still sad? are u sick? :(
tripped over brians roller thingy for the screen door n now i have an egg on my shin :(
which it now has. he's been gone for a day or two before, but i see your concern :-(
i saw (: she didnt say anything about the video though :( she just retweeted it. and aw, you'll get one. keep on trying
pls rep me if you read my tweets:( just day hello jordan :(
i am extremely creeped out by but strangely turnt on.. x_x #fetishsftl :(
wonder where is? he doesn't love me anymore! :(
have to study today :( better get out of bed :l
yep! if only people will play .. :(
wants a new haircuttttt :(
aaaa !! i'm so scared , so worry , i don't wanna go to doctor !! feel worst :(
you have to think of us under age girls too :(
thanks buddy :( i feel like crying right now.
i'm at dtf with my fam! beelay now its ur turn to eat! at dtf with / dtfdtf :(
dont say thaaaaaaat! :(
: my alarms dont like working either :(
dunno tebayo :( i think she's training with tsunade no baa-chan~
i mean seriously, this is not journalism and i am truly ashamed of all this media hype :( why can't we just let them be!
going home now.. feeling tired :( hope it wont rain tml please!!!!
says guys... #alwayskeepthefaith its not the end, not yet, not yet.... (tears) :'-( :-( (tears) :'-( :-( (tea...
managed to get cold on my birthday. not cool, had not sleep last night. :(
what's a matter :( #hugs
not able to find sufficient data :-(
i wish the uk did more posters :(
well its 3 in the morning but i'm at work :(
miss my :(
why aft all these time i still find chemistry ridiculous? :(
hastayımmmm :( grip oldm bn yineeeee
just the kind of idiot to get to a swimming pool without trunks :(
nothing gonna be the same again :(
has finished 'my so called scarf' and loves it! but the weather is to warm for me to wear it :-(
not available in the norwegian itunes store, it seems :-(
still cant sleep... really bothered :(
