1 unfollower... :(
my grandpa was got an accident! :(
so tired. fell asleep but has to wake up to tend the store.. :(
right so why's everyone raging at their parents today :(
today i'm doing nothing :(
i totally just failed on twitter :(
oh man , i've been so busy , lately . with school ! :(
no food in my house so carrot cake and come for breakfast :(
my parents still think im like 12, rolling in at 430am not good, :( their house their rules = trying to ground me... at 22 years of age.
missing ma parentz...siblingz... :( sami all gone to village...but em here on papa's business...sami
my poor hair. they practically killed my awesome hair. it hurts to see my hair being treated like this :( was released early frm work!
that's really moving :( :( only 43?
follow everyone please, i refuse to sleep until he gets 11,000 followers & i havent slept at all yet, so tired :(
nah :( apparently its monday or tuesday did you
living in scotland? it's more pretty cold than cool! x) yeah, stayed up far too late watching crap on the laptop. :(
doctor who is on tonight. there be no excitement whatsoever. i wouldn't put it past me to forget it's even on. :(
cos you said you were walking in the rain :(
why can't people let live life the way we want. :(
finally home with all wet condition.geez, hard rain is pouring down :(
just got up in need for some cuddles *looks around* noones here :(
heii!!! guyzz care 2 tweet on mee !!! just bored !!! :(
wanna watch season 4 of weeds now. why did i decide to finish season 3 in the middle of a fucking long weekend? no shopping for 3 days :(
aku emang gak terlalu ngerti sih masalah mereka (maklum suka juga baru) but to know they do everything seperately :( baadd..
ps i miss you :(
miss you banget :(
good night last night chilling but now stuck in today cause mum is away out :(
thanks for the #ff dude...gutted about my old twitter :(
'yes yes yes yes' you always say it but you never do it .. :(
cant stoping thinking about what iv done :(
anyhow i am so not ready fro todays game :(
#nowplaying like only a woman can-brian mcfadden :(
colwyn bay i miss yoooou so much, oops, 203 tweets :( i'll walk away in shame now
#bieberfact justin bieber loved singing his song down to earth (based on his parents divorced) :(
i wish i knew hw 2 cook! :-( pasta is abt only dish i can do! :)
got my hair cut. keke...
it's easter again. a year pass by so fast :(
rt: please #comebackidance we miss your randomness! :(
aches from thorpe :( gotta massive bruise on my hip from in saw alive! but it was so worth it. saw alive <33 four times people! :)
abp doesn't open till 8 on sat :( not happy about that.
similar task to yesterday but with slightly different entry start at paderno monastery. 100k. rain is forecast for later today :-(
no new phone for me. :( not until they stop forcing an unneeded data plan on customers. will not pay 75$/month for a cellphone
me thinks we should anyway, we can look.. i still want tomorrow/tomorrow night to happen :( was looking forward to it.
urgh, badly behaved sprogs :( my mam had us warned 2 behave b4 we went anywhere & we did! not modern parenting but effective ;)
bah apaan? ceritain fir! minta linknya deh! they stop their activities ni :(
i made a bg... it's not a very gd quality asit's gone fuzzy... :( x
i'm just so sad now :(
unfortuantly the days leading up to it just won't go fast enough :(
pulled an all nighter writing a song.. huge crashhh comin soonn :(
hape gue sepi meeen :( yoweees mending cabut
she's just demanding and her mind is going so it's frustrating..and there's alot of physical challenges :(
what kind of bunny owner is she ignores me. :(
| » » watching 'atl' till i ko ; damnnn ; i want dhat rashad && new new love :( :( </3 .
ga lg, sly tiap bln kan rolling :( weh, p2 polonia nih.. have a quality time w my fam@church,
i'm so down its not funny :(
same here running out of space :(
yah lsg down :( kyknya gak adadeh ada thesigit kadit ?
dropping jodie off before she goes on her trip. suucky :(
gary ate the same so don't think it's food poisoning, my mate would be horrified lol i have so much to do though :-( x
i'm yours, but you're not mine :(
no not really :(
i had a bad dream about u...i still wanna cry :(
i wanna enjoy the sun but i'm at work :(
u got me all excited in thinking they had announced shows... :(
just a cold really,but sinus head and feeling dizzy! :(
i'm here !! argh sorry , i'm just felt asleep :( and now i'm losing , where's she? how about the song we make it? lol
takut :( awas aja lu jarangjarang berdampak buruk setelah dewasa untung gue jarangg hehe
i had that last week, take vitamin c tablets and loads of water, and you sooooo didn't text me the next day haha :-(
okay, been to the cat fixer and he's prescribed the beast some antibiotics... he didn't enjoy the rectal thermometer one bit! :( poor kitty!
