timee! :'( sooo much work, and i can't render this. :( damn it. :(
hiccups are no fun :(
i miss pinky (insider) already :( ugh i'm goin 2 sleep #goodnight/#goodmorning tweeps
why you no longer tweeting sis? i miss you so bad! :(
ooh thank you.. still no sign :(
mm, fucking fuck everything. :(
huaaa kangen ps guee :'( #deardaddy betulin ps nya doong :(
gonna try to get back to sleep. i don't know why but i wake up outta nowhere sometimes :(
hey i'm sorry :(
i suppose the drink was some consolation! we didn't have that luxury down here :(
nor am i but i'm blocked :( sad face *tear* lol
so depressed got to spend the day in fact all easter weekend doing uni work when all i want to do is go shopping at the white rose :(
says kiss mes, i can't read your replies. be back after easter sunday. mianhae. :(
kiss mes, i can't read your replies. be back after easter sunday. mianhae. :(
some women who i can't remember singing anything :( the dj guy wanted to win but the bar staff didn't :|
:( i meant still alright.
tlkin 2 dean all i jst wanna do is cry i miss the old him :(
i so wanna be a singer :(
i'm just disappointed that he still hasn't met me yet :(
we could to settle him but he was becoming dangerous. the shop was very understanding but we feel so bad about taking him back :( :(
i miss him too :-( class on and off the pitch.
i know :( we shouldnt get our expectations up too high d:
i actually live just north of appin. however i mostly do my observing through unsw telescopes in the city. :(
god damnit i already watched this sonny with a chance 2 times last night :(
#songbird will now longer support #linux! wtf!? cross platform music player adds video and drops linux. ridiculous! :(
ouch nmn.hahaiz :(
#nowplaying sonnydeejay top 10 vocals of 2009 .. only 1 hr long : (
<<<<@justinbieber does have a girlfriend!! it's true :(
but only for another five years :(
i need a hug :( i have my wisdom tooth coming through and it feels like i have been punched in the side of he face!
guilty guilty guilty :(
we went to the beach , picnic, ferry ride... todays its yardwork :-(
almost give up :(
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-( (via me too! hope the americans know how lucky they are! when steve when?
:( so relaxed ah you. envy!
can i cry right now? :( i'm finally done with my trailer for my new serie: riverside college, get's my computer stuck, every single freakin
going to grandma's :( that meens no twitter all today xo
:( poor sandra bullock. jesse jackass just admitted that he cheated and offered an apology. pathetic.
you no add me on bbm :(
i really don't want to get up :(
weekend is going by too quickly! :(
i just relised my free phone twitter is expired :(
off to foggy london town, i am the token single male in the group, :( , bah was ever thus.
wish i could :(
going to work :( why o why :/?
-sighs- he just has so much emotion, it's adorable and a total opposite of the usual... if only his sister wasn't such a bitch :(
your love life isn't fucked :(
was delicious stinkyness. not a whore tho :(
cheated on me :( huhuhuhu jahat banget sumpah. nicole who???
just woke up and i need my pain medication, :( someone text me. ughh
big fail :( then all the gates were down in the garage. i had to sneak our by driving under one!!
i am fat! thats bad :(
hayoooooo nggak diperhatiin :(
supposed to be out tonight but really can't be arsed :( deacon's first tooth is almost through so sleep isn't something i do lately
