idk :-( i've been out a lot. lol. a lil too much! well je vous manquee!!! how're you? how're the boys?
actually it hasn't been goin 2 good lately :( les just say my parents & i agree on nothing! :/ but at least it's spring break
don't know... can't figure it out. :(
no, darling...i wish but, i can't :(
wishes michael jackson was still alive : (
ddlovato i miss you so much. :( | extraño esos tweets !
mmm. more anxiety/panic? i love that we talked but ugh :(
i wish i was going to wondercon :( i should of planed in advanced and went with jennifer curlys. but i know vinnie still wouldn't want me
ah...i hate seeing animals suffer, it's horrible :( well having a pet is like having a kid. lol.
is true that the 2010 tour will be a farewell tour? :( rt....
i feel you.. :( i need my sunglasses, the sun is too bright and it's hurt my eyes. o.o
my friends hate me :(
well spring is definately here! i have a spider bite on my neck! :-( #notcoolatall
yeah, i just think i broke my right foot :( shit hurts, i can't walk...
noooo... lol alicia just didnt change her password haha! silly girl.. i hacked in :) but im not back :(
no matinee :(
:( :( i anak kecil mau tau ajadeeh udah mp?? #apasih
idk either. but. but. but.... i need kayleigh time. :(
good morning earthlings! it's a saturday morning. off to the centre! :(
what preview? i missed a preview :-(
woooo was that bout me :( aww man thats a feeling crusher'
gabeee , please reply my tweet gabe , pleaseee :( i'm your biggest fan (really). pleaseee gabeee <3
this damn song "temporary home" by carrie underwood is making me tear up :-(
i miss you so much. :(
feel bored and lonely :( x
no u never did :-( but the only person who needs some love the moment is #ahmad lmaoooo "you was da man homie.." *fitty voice*
my friends just left d: back to homework :(
just did my nails so cute phone turned on sunday feeling like a goddamned rockstar missing my baby i wanna see him :(
i miss you so much. :(
kay so, yeah your live is working :) im there... ahahha too bad you cant see the chat :(
gonna have huge eyebags later. :( god why won't you stabilize my sleeping patterns..
by 8, my mood will be completely shot. (-_-) (whyyyyy :(
i was wrong, it was my 2.600th tweet :( lol. dunno where my brain was:/. oh i feel speical i get a 27,243 tweet wow;)
night night. arrrrrgh not good :(
:( you guys should just stay down there, ill move in in june lol
no!!! hiw could u lol. why? now there's no more museum :( *weep* lol
hahaha, we all hate our nose. yours is cute! agck! i hate my nose! : ( otherwise, all is well. : )
in additional hanging out, watching movie and... eat something... all of enjoy something alone :(
like it's abt to rain or smth it's makin me sad :(
hi i was kicked out of chat. :( shoutout to hannah! ( )
i tripped & fell right into my elliptical. not sure what my foot did when i fell but can't move toes & am in exrusiating pain :(
i need to get all my tweets out now cause when my 'he' comes he literally snatches my phone and keeps it for the rest of the night :-(
its like an alcohol palace and i can't drink :(
yes that is so true! if we could be so lucky here :( maybe someday. its baby steps i guess & they are trying at least to change
i miss you so much. :(
my best friend from high school's father passed away suddenly this week, so i am here for the funeral. :(
fuck me, why the fuck is there a cop chillin in a 50 zone, while i'm doing 80, this tickets gunna hurt :(
hangn w the boys chilln n stuff..... had fun tho. got rehearsal soon.... :(
queria roubar o layout de lá :(
well you shouldt be used to it :( -huggles- i would phone you but you might get in troubles
oh :( i think sometime i should draw my followers names and send them the pic :)
i miss you so much. :(
i'm going to switch ob's and go in. my ob is on bedrest until july, maternity leave till october :(
everything i bought is too big or too small :(
kathleen turner ehhh let's see how she loo...ahh that's a shame :(
me too, i had tix for nashville for the week-end :(
at my old house reminiscing on those years :(
shut up i miss you. i feel like my family replaced me with an old man and his three sons :(
you mean roll up! lol im about to leave :(
i need some mister nasty time :(
i miss you so much. :(
& i have nooo jacket on & i'm waiting for the fuck ass buss. :(
aw, no free account for the already registered? :( 5g/5g would be enough.
ugh my dad hates twitter n wants tme to get off! :(
found a bounty of 1940s daywear only to be told that i had to move my car...and there was nowhere else to park :(
its was fuckin insane! 12,000 guests today. and i forgot my inhaler at home. :(
hope so :-( .... but yea that joke on my timeline.... did it involve no ceilings ?
it's 3-3, phillies vs pirates. and i have to leave. :(
soo this one is even on twitter and i didnt know? :(
