steve rolled down the window at 80 mph and my hat flew off his head out the window. sadness. :(
loh koq sª♏ɑ beb ? hho ~ ga ad bagusny beb , boseen :( wah..pasti baguus tuuh..have fun (cont)
tat's why we'll forever be 3rd world, equal to zimbabwe, somalia and some say even myanmar... :(
work in the morning :/ 4 hrs of sleep :( but a nice night ! waho goodnight
the other one's ill too still in bed. probably best place. :-(
ahhhhhem! lol jokes very hungry atm. :(
ahh whats up with website, the vids are going so slow you cant watch them :( and i want to watch the mailer
its easter sunday tomorrow and i dont like chocolate :(
have to clean the floor of our house now... :( going to my cousin's birthday in the evening :)
same here :( xx
wishing so bad gim were right here with me. wishing i could see him everyday. one last empty year. let it april 2011 already. :(
hungry :( hope my mum has something in to eat, few more mins and i'll be there. can't beat mums cooking
lol still, i wldnt be able to save that much like .. til i die ha okay not rly :( goodnight <3
clash of the titans film apa?? pdhal ada film baguus lo.. :( nanti (cont)
i can't blame him. it's made for the pc, ports are always bad. and, i bet, the ps3 is a bitch to program for. :(
this is my last tweet from my handphone :( farewell, mobitweet!
can't stop thinking about her :(
one im hungry... two im tired...three im sleepy... four im sick 1234 :(
ice cream mocha float ny dikit :(
+100 but now it is up to throat infection :( i still love #sipup's ... any sipup fans here?
now you are stuck at home on a saturday night :-(
is not good have a lot of shoes and boxes in your shoes closet...believe me:a box fall in my head and it hurts :( anyway...¡time to baking!
stupid brother, i'm worried bout him now. :(
ada yang bisa memberitau saya bagaimana caranya mebuat account fb deacti(f/v?)e? tolooooooong. :(
nah we haven't :(
its raining outside :(
beautiful what happened :(
i hate when i have a terrible headache :( !!!
i hate math!!! :(
fingers crossed you get that fridge tomorrow. i'd hold off on shopping until certain. :-(
hey holly.. why did you unfollow me? :(
praying for a black out for tonight lol because the people upstairs, there music is thumping loud!! and i need to get up so early :(
going to work but i feeling not so hot! woke up super stuffy :( atleast weathers nice, no jacket.
from mla. sad day :(
haha do you remember me from the 8th floor? and manager was like no :@! move! workin hours are over:@ i was like, ahhh :(
no starbucks?! it's a bad morning. :(
endit everytime i think bwt tht we baby coverd in milkshake :(
bring me back a heartfelt present from spain since you disappeared into married life and never call now :(
hope i get to see thomas tomorrow or monday as i can't see him today :( so now i'm tackling my english essay and watching corrie.
aw :( i'm leaving now, but i'll try use internet while i'm in adelaide. ily heaps mel <33
just tried setting my msn password to 'penis'. it said it wasn't long enough :(
ciehh cele xd gue kangen lo :( #lifesecret
tweeting to much i think ahaha :(
yeah. till monday i think. we like never talk anymore :( <3
got no money either :( gonna have to wait til thursday.
right i havent started my work yet ! need to get in the right frame of mind which means out of my pj's :(
nope :( i'm going to ring up again today until they play one song.
actually i didn't no tht u had allready did it untill i had done it i'm sorry :(
awwk thanks for the invite bozz! but am actually savin my money for a trip to belfast and toomefair, so i dont think so :( thnk u!!
my wow heels are a bit wrecked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : ( v.upsettting times!!!!!
ok since these docs are being so extra sweet, u think i can convince them to give me an anti-anxiety pill???? :(
up so early, yet still so tiered :(
its just not toi whose after u. some local newspapers have also flashed the misleading statements :(
it's so early and i'm soosososo tired. all i want is that mascara!!!!!! :(
feeling mellow and cool even though its raining which usually makes me :( i'd quite like sunshine.
laper ! again dn again.. :(
grr i hate my mum she said i props wont meet mrhudson :(
i just realised tonight its the big match. and i am so going to miss it. :(
i dunno :( wish it comes out here in tge uk:) xx
daddy almost got me a blackberry today :(
