ugh, three homeworks pending: agama notes, kh notes and math. :(
lmao i was gunna say why am i a fuktard :( lol
i have a massive head-ache. noooo fun! :(
haha! ;) omg. i hope hermii comes on monday. :/ :| :(
poor toby :(
yea :( i have got a e in maths -.- my biggest problem: maths !
she had a motorbike crash, :/ shes in sydney hospital, and right about now having operations under her eyes- pupils :(
is being forced to go weekly shopping with my mum and jonathon :( *frowns and hopes something will come up and prevent me from going* lolls
no wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy :( : tvxq to stop their group activities — allkpop
i need a bed now! sat dont even feel like sat especially when youre at work! :(
such tragic news so early in the day :( prayin for my friend and her fam
y dh :( klw ga mw,mw bkn lg tp syg sma tweet yan ini klo g cb g bkl tw kn . . .
manila traffic starting to build up again :( but yey, that means people are coming back to the city! hello again, social life :)
off to the celeb fitness with and going to convert them!! since i'm losing my gym buddies :(
hommeee !! didn't do anything holy this holy week. :( i prayed the rosary though :))
hp cover, where are u? :(
why should he care how "thick" she got!!! some ppl are never happy!!! guess i better gain weight huh!?!?!? :(
staying up late is not as fun if you dont have anyone to stay up late with :(
sorrrrrry. :(
whaaa.. it's true! hd video on internet always look good! :( now i can't judge crap from value.
off on a long walk with my auntie and her dogs today!! needing some exercise!! missing swimming!! :( got my wellies and mac on! haha
sediiiihhhhh :( :( :(rt i miss abang july ☹
have to go home :(
i cant see the video :(
argh! leaving in like an hour!! good job im all sorted! didn't get to say bye to the the woggies though.... :(
it takes batteries, and i've tried like 8 different ones :(
tat too after driving through bangalore traffic for an hour :( i need a chicken fried rice to cheer me
getting ready to board plane in montgomery. trying not to fall apart :(
it's un believable how quickly someone can move on but you cant :( more funny statuses:
please gue mau curhat yang baik dengerin curhatan gue dooong :(
drugs have made me gain 75 pounds in 7 months :( what can i do?
have been munching on dunno how many cookies. omg fat. :(
no snacks at home! :(
i lost my followers :(
left my brother :( — at luis muñoz marin international airport sju
now goin to airport :(
watching the video all the time :(
thanks man the most annoying thing is 6 weeks (minimum) of no biking :( ;)
omg i know!!! i was just like wtf why shut it down :( it's so gay! lol bridge? out of all things *rolls eyes*
i need to go to sleep already, ugh :(
i told them i had to use the restroom but look how tight they put they handcuffs on me! assholes! !! :(
watching t4 in bed don't wanna get up in a hour 2 go work :(
ahh you make me laugh. i wish i could come and see you live :( lol! :) x
i wish they'd do a second season of tytania, awesome series :(
i wish someone would listen to me :(
very true. :( remember girls, when you grow up, don't ever disown your family for a man.
sadly street smart and infrastructure intelligence don't mean anything similar to each other .. :-( :-c
don't ever hate me :( #qft
has a very bad cold :( x
please rt! #welovesteph << shes a belieber but people are telling her dad to die of cancer :( who would say that to someone?! #welovesteph
clocks go back tonight peeps extra hr of sleep :) but officially the end of summer :( goodnight tweet dreamzzzzzz -.-
hey, evening. mom hasn't even said a word to me in 3 days. what's happening? :(
don't ever think it was a mistake to choose to find yourself, to choose to love yourself a little bit more :(
wish i was going to the match today, but no...have to go to work instead :( abso gutted! blueeeeebirds!! #iwishiwas
owies... heartburn. and apparently tums make me throw up. who knew? :(
omg she's not coming back? goshhh i didn't know that :( sad la, mediacorp dying. jessicaliu also leaving eh :/
selembar cek haha abis benerin motor ma benerin bass.. duit bulanan gw :( tgal selembar.. bru tgal 3 huhu..
tutor tomorrow morning and afternoon, no at english :(
i'm boreeed :(
#np soulja boy tellem crank dat ,remember when he always birdwalk,now he's growin up :(
pleasee follow back me pleasee i really love you, it's me remeber? my old acc has been hacked :( i'm so sad now
omg i wanted to watch that :(
i hate having to fall back into reality in ohio :(
i have no money and i have so much to do today sowwy :(
despite my best efforts (although no one beats the hassle goes through) i most likely got 5 shades darker in this trip. eeek!! :(
haha di rumahrt mang lgi kmna???aku jg low bat... :( ah bateray lowbat -_-
i wanna have a tweet limit once. hahaha. but i don't think i'm tweeting 1,000 tweets a dayy. poor me.. :(
apartment hunting for my dad... some random guy crashed into his motorhome leaving him homeless :( #aptlist
not really, i had to drop something at a friends-but nothing too major! :(
im in the 'i want to make a video' mood but i dont have any ideas :(
hey! last night was a blast, but it's sad that we couldn't make #estoniawantsjustinb a tt :( but im proud what we did! & also i went over(c)
yeea but we had to leave :(
greatt ! but hey i have a dance class tmrw :(
got sunburned. :(
on my way to mammoth gonna sleep on the car ride up... where's indi? :(
no, haven't seen any :(
tat too after driving through bangalore traffic for an hour :( i need a chicken fried rice to cheer me
going to church. im hungry but i dont feel like eating. hmm :(
this performance makes me so boring. :(
ew my shift key is all sticky now cause of that jam doughnut :(
should really go to the doctors but they take blood cause it could be some disease that causes it and i have a huge phobia of needles :(
bad kinda way :( ;_;
its finished now :(
mempelai wanitanya ga adaaaa :( haha
i need a fag but it's raining outside. :(
kambuh lagi... :( kenapa ya allah? what should i do?! answer me...
rt: still can't believe that michael jackson is dead to be honest. i often think this too :(
why did you unfollow me? :(
please dong jadiiiiiiiiii huhuhu :(
gila yang unfollow 5 orang :(
oh... i hate unfollower :(
i saw some in 1u. dont remember the shop :(
i miss you :(
ini tuntutan alam neng :( hehehe 'miss gym of the year' rasanya patut km sandang!! pilates time..
zeng about the situation ka chakritttt :-( what a bore::btw, where r u ka?
teyana i so understand if you say no... but can you follow me :( .. it'll make my day.. pls *offers you fufu*
wish i could go to prty wif my friends :(
how much longer will i have to wait?! urghh :( :'(
i can't even talk about it! i have to pull a sicky that day, so its all hush! :( xx
i hop enot :( or ill cry.
thanks. agh so looks like he could get it again?! poor thing. :( he's in italy too, not having a very fun holiday!
thats sad.. :( sorry but what do you mean about told her dad to die of cancer? who told her dad?
i randomly feel slightly sad :( oh and by the way if anyones texted or tried to called me, yeah my phones not with me. so dm or something
left my #asos mag at home :( i'm so forgetful!
shit its over! :(
really excited about possibly doing something arty at a music festival .. less so about needing to get crb checked + liability insurance :-(
why dlt me on fb. :(
:( now it's just full of reality shows.
barnbuddy loads so slow one :(
gak jd nonton.. antara suami, istri, anak semua beda pilihan... kyknya pulang kantor br bs nonton clash of the titans... :(
craaaaappp i always miss when you tweet so i never can get a replyy :(
at least you get to see him! wish i could go to all these things they're doing. :(
wants to see again! :( <3
kangen , where are you? :(
i'm okay, been better. got bad news about my grandpa :( how are you? <3
tired :( gonna shower... eh transparent lah pintu shower kbbc lah.
wayne rooney sprayned his ancle .. were gonna loose mate :(
tesco salisbury, lose the attitude, clean the store, fix the cash point, sort the toilets stat!!! :-(
unfortunately,there will be no music video for aiew... :(
sent home from work cos i fainted :( bad times
too hectic schedule !! no weekends no parties no sighs :( :(
jelek ya? "the titans" is not that mighty :(
