jinwoon ah, you really dont want to reply me? :(
i wish the uk did more posters :(
i think torbay must be the only place with no sunshine today :-(
ii thiink mah momsz gonnah be iin aye biig mood all day! :(
i feel really sick my stomach is hurting and i wanna vomit. :( ah.
konsul aja kk.. klo fcial tkut.. kmrn peeling dsni merah2 kk jdnya..rt sm qt dx.sm² menunggu :( mau facial? rt(cont)
come back to me, i need you so much :(
if i go to twitterjail for will he reply to me, ever ? :(
aw soz :( they are swell arent they
yeah i heard! that's really nice of ya! she's well happz! aww! yh im workin so hard! can't believe uni's bout to end! :( xx
mom, i don't wanna go to dentist one day :(
ilu tho :(
i hate when ppl ignore me :(
why dont i get gossip :(
i can, but it hurts :(
i'm half addicted to my phone :(
yus i am =/ hence why i want it d: i was playing it on an emulator, but it kept crashing :(
i'm so sorry for julian mcmahon. :(
you know you bout to go to twitter jail right??!< hahaha lmaoooooo i knoww!!!! :( dont worry ill get out lol
good afternoon :) i've literally no voice today, nice quiet day then :(
:( im said you don't follow me... why? :(
:( wellllllll what else can you do? dance? play? cook? sports?
guilty guilty guilty :(
pity :( sorry but i gotta go :( i have to decorate the easter cake x) bye;** xox
uhh yes, i read it religiously!!! oh purleaseee it ain't crap and you know it ;) i just can't review :( but yayyy.
wahwahwaah!! maumauu yank!! *cuups nti ak bawain mak yg bnykkk yart :( huhuhu :( (cont)
i want to know if david cross has a twitter, can't find it :(
:o how's the truck? did they take anything valuable? you've had the worst luck with that vehicle... :(
aaw alans working tonight :-(
is going deaf from the silence at home. i miss the noise : (
hottie tattoed boy across the street must've fucked up bad. cops are threatening to kick in his door if he doesn't open up. poor hottie. :(
demasjid? terancam batal :(
hows your revish going? missyouu :( lavvvvyaaxxxxxxxxxx
yes! i have no one to lepak with :( nak pg taipan, tapi takde farah and maria -.-
u know it has stroke me cause of my 4.5 h sleep last week for my exams i can't sleep in ennymore i wake up at 10 :( i wanna wake up at 1pm
lol ill make up for the drinking by gyming shit loads next week lol good very well be the last time i see him :(
i wish the uk did more posters :(
sophie dahl just ruined shepard's pie :( i still love her though.
what's happened ? :(
bin ça promet :(
oh yes. finally finished an article. still have a lot to do! :( gtg to bath first. ^o^ #501carrotsformal
so so so lack of sleep, fucking insomnia and butterflies last night :(
ahh i have like no clothes to wear today :(
hey spare a thought for us poor buggers in scotland, no ash for weeks yet!! :(
wake up & can't sleep now :-( my neck hurts but i don't wanna wake anyone
well i'm totally busy... :( music lessons after skool, learning and so on :/
movie guide stuffed up comedy channel 'doin time on planet earth' slot is showing 'jury duty' instead. :(
:( i've never met him (yet) i live in wales but you will
i'm so tired :( but i can't sleep
doesn't feel so good. :(
then me lehh :(
i would love to say i hate ruining peoples lives but someone needs to put you back where you are. you're not better than anyone. i'm hurt :(
i am feeling lonely and sad today, can anyone out there cheer me up? come on, you know you want to :-(
so, first day of my two and a half weeks off... and i'll be going into work to see if there is a quick fix for my baby mac :(
just when the wh tourny starts! :-(
:( lagos, please i need a place to eat for easter. all applications shud be submitted asap. thanks
i'm bleeding with ya brother :(
a fly flew into my mouth once, poor thing :(
god im so fucking bored. why is everyone to busy to do something with me :(
