kellys back to taking calls until last break then i go again. :(
lml damn ghuess ppls fooled meh lolss; ii feel hurt now lols :(
decked out in dodger clothes and im really cravin a dodger dog but were at angel stadium :(
wishes i could find :(
and u gotta get up early again manana? :( i'm gna go get a haircut now
went to thee moviies;qosh ii feel lonely :(
my back hurts sooooo bad....i need a 110 lb midget to stand on it :(
yeah i realized that at the end of the day! u got me!rt im not really. coming home :( ...incase you didnt catch my april fools
#zodiacfacts #libra least compatible with: pisces, taurus <<< :-( this made me sad for 2.2 seconds
it's so annoying how they don't kiss in starstruck :(
i really, really don't like this. :(
ok technically i have til 710, this traffic is worse than the mcp :( #twitpict
:(
lol if i ever make it :( i don't have the equipment lol. but if somebody wants to help out let me know!! holla!! lmao
so humid outside yet i have no one to go outside with. :( join me?
what do you mean you can't share it? :(
i wish i had an almond chocolate bar :( stupid 711 expensive prices
its 1 41am and no ones on msn :( x
oh nohh! haha thats bobo. ps i'm sad i'm not there :( miss you tatuhhh!
$250 and 4 demerits :(
nope. :( it was just my rulers and needles. still good, but not as cool as a sewing machine.
:( never mind :)
*huuuugsss* maysie i was just reading your entries :( i'm so sorry i haven't commented on them, but i'm here for you ok? <3
me puse a ver jawbreaker... damn it... es foolscreen :( por q tiraban dvds asi...
ughhh i would but my internet is being gay :(
my xbox died and cannot be revived :(
omgg im crying..again. i really didnt want shawn to go :(
ahhhh had a nightmare last night :(
if there's no internet access how is saaed gonna be able to stream #trancefamily :(
i have all of the game boys but i lost all the games, even the pokemon ones :( but i hope you find urs :) xx
stopped up :( had a great day though. feeling better!
can you plz follow me dude? :( ughh i feel ignored :(
my bad :( haha
i wish i was in la, would love to go to the movies w/ you! :(
good night! sweet dreams. is finish the friday follow and you don´t follow me :-( . please make me happy
i have one thats completely outta place never minded it til now :l awh no why? :( meet anyone?
yeah im sry :(
i'm glad aiden started solids because he's barely able to breast or bottle feed with his cold. :(
na were not ....u didnt hola me bk the other day :(
awwww!!! :( i miss them!
unfortunitly i'm working both jobs today :-( i am between jobs now, won't be off till' 4am.
:( and this is how we're spending the evening. (although i giggle every time he tries to talk to me.)
hey sorry i missed blogtalk this week :(
fuck that... it ain't say aquarius :-(
i don't feel so bad then... i was stuck at work too!! :-(
here generally people don't know her... if someone knows miss m it's like miracle... :(
gah nap over, i love waking up to the same moronic voices i went to sleep to :( -shuddduppp!
awh shawn :( wrestling wont be the same.
i don't want to drive all over dc :-(
sorry car :( we were runnin behind so i couldn't drop em off...donna has some, maybe you'll run into her at g-hop
:( your pic
yep if mysterio beats him he will shave his head :( he can't though it would just suck ya know
that sounds devastating :( hopeully you can get a lot of your contacts from facebook?
just cracked my liiiiiiiiiiiiip :(
no its cool. i get it. im boring. :(
probably won't be able to get to it for a while. calendar is full til oh......june :(
:( those covers (you should make him your understudy, but don't let him push you down the stairs reference)
i'm sorry. :( *hugs* i still don't know how you turned out so great. but you did. <3
yo i wanna be on the east coast ny/nj soooo bad right now :-( yo look better over here
no one is talking to me :( well i feel spacial
at the airport :( bye daddy. :(
i miss you chester :(
i've checked and we haven't got anything from you! :(
don't say that :(
nooo ...stop it! :( lmaoo
:(
oh gutted :(
not going to the game tonight :( atleast i'm going to opening day and night. better not rain those days !!
ughh not a damn thing. staying in stackin' bread :(
