gw sbg cassiopea,iya.. :( dr sejak mrk ada mslh di sm.smp cm di jepang aj,smp skrg ngerti.pst fansnya pd sedih
is in schiphol :( haha oh the dutch! and i got cheated on my sunglasses! wonderful!
g wahi to delete ho gayi... :( now going sir g will b back soon n if i don't see ur poem next time login then..i'll b sad
yay, i'm so glad you posted that had no idea. though i'm kinda scared :(
when are you coming back? :( ano ba yan, kahit saan na lang, sinusundan ka ng mga lovers mo. :| toool! =))) tila baga'y.
oowww cpt smbuh yaaa inii lg di sari asih mom :( hikssrt
i <3 my followers. if you want me to follow u, tweet me ok!! dont unfollow me :(
nooo :( wish i did lineup was better than this one so far! did youu? i saw bbc a month ago and they were amazing!
my dream is for.. and to follow me. doubt thatll ever come true. :( i love you both so much xxxxxxxxxxxx
udah buluk,jelek,gembel,abal,gendut,sampah,goblok,nyebelin -----> that's soooo me :(
my eyes are hurting :( i think i should get away from the laptop for awhile. don't want my eyesight to get any worse then it already is :(
at least we can relate :(
aw :( now i miss longer my hairr--
have to go back to work tomorrow ... my vacation were too short :-(
did you guys hear wat happend to moyin? // yeah :( he should be comin out today...
has a very quiet house now that alastair has gone home :-(
hiks hiks smg sj mrk baikan lg,sedih liatx :(
woops sorry i didnt mean to hurt you :(
wish i had my favorite boy to help me not itch so much but he's in cleveland :(
is coming down with some thing :(
good morning tweeple! up early this morning...couldn't sleep :( looking 4ward 2 an easter egg hunt this afternoon!
knp gk ikd? hehert wish i could go to prty wif my friends :(
i want a psp... :(
leg aches :(
lol nono #coffeezombee. two e's. heehee.mine's gentle and wussified for am tummy. :(
i hate being left out! :(
n it was my mums bday and i left her num 4 u 2 call her cuz she loves u n u didnt call :( so did joe not get it then tweet bak
3rd night running and still having some bizarre night-terrors/fever hallucinations. :(
as always.. but my phone's aost dead so i cannot tweet then anymore :(
tomorrow is easther and i feel sick :( and a friend will visit me hope i can sleep well and feel better tomorrow goodnight!!!
burned my toast :( wearing my mums fit flops.. theyre so comfy :o and they tone you at the same time (a)
it's so dark and gloomy here...even on the sunny days lol<get over it i wanna b where u are :(
yeah :(
he has a tumor on his long, the doctor is pretty sure it's vicious but he has to go to the hospital next week :(
missed my plans for the night :( oh well but i got a good nights rest. just texted my friends to say sorry. lol & they just all got home
im on my phone :(
i thought youngstreet would be bora today.... i missed church for nothing. :( well, not exactly nothing but... oh no. :|
im a black t-shirt. im ugly right :(
what's wrong with me?! my heart is beating so fast! :(
my tipping going great this weekend! my dragons the only #nrl blemish : ( #super14 and #afl clean sheet so far ; )
play on my battlefield :(
can some one lead me in twitter? never play before. :(
#alwayskeepthefaith :( <3
i need to borrow trespass notes. :(
aaah miss that kinda window shop :(
went online to play hockey but my connection to the game kept dropping :(
so bored...so tired...waiting by now for the movie ramona and beezus but it comes in october in germany :(
ahahaaha thats one way i wouldnt mind dying ;) andddd i did have lunch in the end at like 3 :( beans on toast yay :| x
oke -__- naya hari senin gue mau cerita okaaaay :( heh cek mention dong
ye, elo same tp msh tgl 23 gis! :( kita 5 nih! :(rt same here (˘_˘") saya (cont)
i just threw a mini passve agressive tantrum at my ps3... i hate it when my guy keeps dying in video games :(
:'( i'm sad for you too :( fuck you xavi, fuck you
you're not, i'm doing the same :-(
knew i shouldn't have parked with one of the wheels sticking out...discovered it has about 1mm of tread left :(
oh! seen. haven't : ( i meant u av nt seen any of the 3 transporter movies
yeah the weather sucks in den haag haha // yess i know ! im about to go crazy :(
haven't ready yeeeeeet :(
maaaan it's waay to cold in my room :(
can't believe i overslept! :(
