thanks for the recommendation but i''m extremely broke at the moment. photos from the show might not happen :(
you cant get it over here either. :( (@jazzmaneonustream live at )
3 unfollowers! :( -.-
i need to get all my tweets out now cause when my 'he' comes he literally snatches my phone and keeps it for the rest of the night :-(
i'm feeling the same way :(
but you can't be bothered to make a decent mobile version of your site for viewing on any other sub-computer platform? :(
im actually pretty bored to ..everything is closed here :(
im dissapointed in you, :( i tweeted you like 20 times last nite and i got nothing. :( i miss yer tweets to me!
woah.. hiya tears.. again :(
that sucks atleast be back in the morning right :(
oh god it smells like fluoride on this train :(
knp gw ttp sedih??? :( :( :(
ughh just found out that im not going out to day :(
nope. home opener and champs tshirt night :(
movies tonight!<<i wasn't invited :(
noooooo! i'll miss you! :(
oh how i wish i was amazing at photoshop :(
:(
my hair looks yellow in certain light :(
he's not even my dog, and i'm just torn to pieces over this :(
noooooo plz don't say thattt >.< i love froyo :( </3
aww...poor baby! :-( maybe u need fi gind a live blanket while ur there! ;-) glad ur there safe and sound tho!!
awww crap im getting itchy so im about to get an asthma attack :(
i dont like him because.. i dont like his music, :(
:-( wanting to do it......again...but i can't......i promised:-(
i miss you so much. :(
bubble-less for you though right? :-( :-(
i miss you so much. :(
i live in gilroy,bout 30 minutes south of san jo, and i went to our bev mo and they do not have it :(
wanted it for our pa ...
i haven't eaten there in a long time, closest one is like half an hour from me :(
but were is i want my firefox with melina!!! i found beth mickie maryse but no sings of melina :(
im like fucking depressed that i cant come to the show tonight : (
your not playing none of my music :(
haha, yeah, it was fun! :) 'till.. i got sick. :( lol
ugh!! i don't think i could manage if she quit that young :(
about to see "why did i get married too" hood crowd :(
q:how is that stupid? :( a:just is
i'm sorry :( i try to help but it never works. i feel like a really bad friend to & :'(
two weeks later i realize my license is inside my sxsw badge and i'm in sa for the weekend. my badge might be in the car or is in austin :(
what's wrong jo? :(
i lost a follower :( now im back to 4 away d:
what a bad night :(
i want to try it =0 dont think can get it over here though :( (@jazzmaneonustream live at )
haha as soon as my family got on the miniature steam train, it broke... must be me again :(
must've bumped into something with my clumsiness. didn't feel it at first but is bruised and in pain :( my luck..
i miss you so much. :(
lmaoo crickets? my joke was funny... right? :(
aw! :( we're in the same boat! i wonder if mine is over yet? oh well, i'll wait!
that's great news! did you hear about girl? she's on vacation now. :(
now i'm the fifth wheel. :(
i think this is it :( i hope it aint over.
i feel like there are razor blades in my throat :( and it's going to be insanely busy at work tomorrow...in for a long day!
i don't feel so good. i've been sleeping all day. :-(
oh gracias :) i have a huge headache from drivin around. :(
seeing mila jovavich naked watching the beginning of "resident evil: extinction" for the first time got me horny & my girlfriend left :-(
oh man, that stinks! :-( was all ready for that cocktail!
q:have you ever been to ny? a:yeah once! i really want to go back though :(
sunday. i decieded last min tho. lol i had to come home! i miss my fam!! :-(
i miss you so much. :(
you can sync the same account on both devices, so if you wan't a optimized version you need pay for other software :(
turns out there's no strawberry. it said it had the seasonal beer, but all there is is jockamo and red. :(
hey lady!! how was the meet and greet? sorry i wasnt able to attend... i couldnt find anyone to work for me.. :(
