you know what i miss?!?!?! jessica sanchez! havent talked to her inn a while :(
she likes justin bieber omg :(
and the last song looks shit!
to clarify, i didn't read the paper in the shower but i did get hot cross bun crumbs everywhere :(
i spent a bad night :( (i fell down on my backside yesterday...)
aaaaah,it will be very awkward .. please help me,don't do this to me .. :(
sounds divine! forgot to bring down my cameras :( failllll
i wish would follow me :(
i love that movie, its so sad! :(
forgot to tweet.... im homeeeeeee. and bruised to fuck :(
i wish i could sing lool// co-sign! :( wish i could sing so bad!
yay! i have two weeks holiday and all of this :( me thinks i will be visiting family in my second week
i think my heart just broke a little too. noooo :(
droppin off my dad & laura, they're going to hawaii again without me :( (@ gerald r. ford international airport)
and at home, carpenters and mattress guys await me. unholy indeed. i hate that. sewree! :(
i want cake :(
rt: i feel like holding you but..................impossible :(
maleeeq :( he's in greece, do you know when he's coming back?
oh no :( i know a good mac repair dude macmedic.com.au
where is my :( i miss her so damn much --- i miss you mooore my bestiee :'(
hehe ! aww i know it comes up saying the internet service has timed out ! so then i need to switch it off then back on :( x
ooooh i want to go see rid again :(
ugly kid :(
remember me is soo good :) better start getting ready now :( way too tired
man , her internet shut off ! im mobileee now : (
udah cukup sabar nihrt hahaha sabar have patient have patinet hehe (; yesyes :(
would give anything to tour with you guys!! or or i hate living in uk :( doesn't know music
anyone got a good hangover cure? my head is sore :(
feeling a little, or alot, under the weather. not liking it :(
but its dirty :( it's a laptop too... if i break the keyboard, i break the whole thing. :/
how come they don't show nicholas sparks' movies here? :( thissucks
. so many questions :(
how i wish i were a strong-willed person :(
i neeeeddd something to doooo d: why is everyone on holiday? :(
the worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them............ :( :(
putting an extra blanket on the bed tonight, as its been gettin cooler here in aussie land.. also clocks go back tonight! :(
ihh wkt itu love needs money tau :(
cepet sembuh ya abbey ☺rt my abbey got a fever :(
why isn't my phone sending pictures?! fuck! :( i want everyone to see my seventies hair. and my piercingless face.
my finger hurts :(
planned to start the day with a ride. got out but was back after a couple of mins as the horse is lame :( visit from the osteopath needed.
destructionland is being redesigned, so unfortunately the site will be offline for a short period of time :(
noooooooooooooooooo, what about your cake and curry :(
isorry. :(
neeeh cudnt watch :(
bener.. andai td tc5 yg dateng. :-( apa ??? ga salah ?rt kapan "the click five" ke smanda???
the taxi driver costs me 300 + 50 because mrk is far = p 350.....uhhhhh, that is equal to a shirt :(
snacking too much today :(
pengen liat w2w n kongkow di black canyon megamall. tp ujaaan!!! :(
ahhh where is everybody :(
i feel like holding you but..................impossible :(
i hate when pandas cry :(
hah?syapa yg mau jual lo?rt gw gk mau dijual :( ahh
i love karaoke sessions! (: except that they never have korean songs :(
doubt i'm gonna be going tonight to be honest mate i'm proper skint :(
i need you now :(
:) baru ngeh gw. hans ris.. mantab! udh bbrp hal i found it's not that interesting :( btw (cont)
fuck! this party took a bad turn somewhere :(
:-( how many dj's wear ear protection whilst playing?
