sumpah prihatin banget gue denger cerita soal ka abi :(
do any of my twitter followers need a computer desk? pick up, london, this w/e. if nobody wants it it'll prob go in the bin :(
someone beat me to the laundry :(
#jedwardeaster, please tweet me :) as when i went to the xfactor, the woman wouldnt let you come over :(
anyone doing anything exciting today? i'm watching the utd game before doing loads of washing, this is about as exciting as my life gets! :(
some of the most ugly people have the most beautiful faces :(
uuuuuuu curang :( aku nonton hachiko dong (gaadaygnanya) tadi nonton clash of the titans gajadi hachiko :(
cowo yang di how to train your dragon mayan ganteng (pdhl kartun) tapi kakinya buntung :( unyunyu
aww :( no you don't
off to work hopful for a good day, will be concered about jamie who is still sick and home.. :(
heyyy cinlauuuuuu i micyu deh :(
i only have 46 :(
anybody got any faves for coffee in syd? a bit out of the loop with coffee scene in syd now... :(
awww, i hope you're not coming down with something :-(
sad satnite :( happy satnite with ♥
the 'fun'fair is back in town. you missed it by a week. :(
being aussie is an added benefit xd i could stare at him all day haha haven't seen gabriel and :( :( :( at the cancer bit....
i wish i had a chelsea jersey :( is oppressing me.
i got up way to early :(
shopping, at lunchtime, on an empty stomach is bound to end in disaster. especially when award winning pork pies are calling :(
it was in the fridge, i brought it to work but a mouse knashed it in the stock room! :( sorry x
i would say, it is god's gift to us. we need to use that properly & i am lacking a lot.. :(
come over before i'm forced to leave, pretty please? :(
wah you. msn you, no reply :(
take me home please... :(
urghh, paris jackson's happy birthdays are trending but leona's are not :( #happybirthdayleona
hahah, whens are we going to have a day when it's just you me and he havent done that since idol :(
yeah but like only the back of his head walking into tea room. :( and now wont see him at work till nxt sunday
ohh so soorry me sissy used lappy... :(
2 hours in the car :(
i hate the traffic, toto :( welcome to easter holiday, tere! geez... bandung penuh sama orang jakarta
it was a ingrowing toe nail :( you've clearly never had one lmao. pray you never do
add him xd andd lol, unlucky indeed :( he was cute enough to message me to say sowri though :) xx
you need to change your yearbook quote :( mrs mooney didnt agree with "for the love of f***"
at chamber 82 now. drinking... bored. wished tat my girls were here :(
i wish i could eat all day :( munching my whopper and fries on the train to work atm.
i know they are going open source.. but i can't wait! what's worse is i want it on linux. to run on wine. imagine cygwin on wine!! :(
oh & the confusion as to what day it is meant i neglected my dream team. rooney and drog still in there :-( come on fat frank!
i don't like to bet at the expense of someone's future :(
floral house itu emang heaven on earth banget. stiap kali ke situ pasti wishlist nambah. sampe skrg blum kesampean beli chandelier :(
my reply is no :(
i always feel that my tweeple are sleeping when i have time for twatting :(
hueeeeeeeee,.. jgan panggil saya arab :( thanks god 4 the rain ^^
not gooooooood. :(
i like this one but i'm too fat to wear it :(
says i feel so sad and ashamed about the issue. :( pr0mz 2 fix it when i get back 2 manila. :(
loving the beautiful weather...if only i wasn't working everyday i might actually be able to enjoy it :(
damn, i'm gonna miss this week :( i don't like to miss
didn't know rbs from dubai was international :(
can, jy too??? oh my... how i wish to see junhui.. saddd... :(
i feel so sad and ashamed about the issue. :( pr0mz 2 fix it when i get back 2 manila. :(
heheh:) ye..thank god^^ btw, cant stay so long for tonight :(
ugh that sucks :(
daaaaamn! i swear footlocker is teasing me :(
mention sepi,notification fb sepii,sms gue sepii,yg miskolin juga ikt''an sepii :(
i'm waiting eagerly for a t-shirt that i had ordered a few days ago :(
oh man that sucks. :(
it huuuuuuuurts :( i don't like not being able to use my hand, i need it! stupid cut with it's stupid pain.
accidentally curled a bit of hair that had hairspray on it&it's now like.. idk... plastic? :(
#jedwardeaster, please tweet me :) as when i went to the xfactor, the woman wouldnt let you come over :(
ko ginii y jadinya?? it's all about mantan mode on!!! gookillll.. smua mantan pada brmunculan.. huhhhh.. binguung sayaaa.. :(
aww really? but it hurts :( and thank you zeljka right? hahaha love you a lot
you going to the hartford step off? i got to work :(
hahaha, did u ever think a dragon would come out of the thing in the middle? i swear i was fully convinced :(
worst experience ever :(
all of you us peeps, are you enjoying your #ipad? us uk peeps dont even have a release date or price :( not that we are jealous much lol
sad! :( maybe some music will make me happy again!
i can never sleep in :( ** two doses of #goodsex will clear that problem right up lmao <pow ping pong! lol
need a hug. :(
5530 xpress music :(
ughhh ruines my life with her ugly disgusting lipbalm's :(
going to hair cut hate hate hate :(
i been breaking it down for you baby... been running arounnnd and still no love for meee... somebody #rescueme :(
swear all the ppl im followin atm want utd to win :( no its all bout chelsea :)
awwwe now my bed feels empty w/out him. :(
i want to watch. :( manutd vs. chelsea! live, watch now..it's a hot game!
yes .. both teams are sturggling .. i will not be surprised if its a dull match ends up in 0-0 :(
gonna dry my hair & straighten it noww(: im hungry :( needto get ready thoughh.
ngopo he ? bad satnite :( *never been satisfied
you're so lucky! i've seen mcfly 5times + jls&jobros 0 :(
very good times avec lizzie mcguire. my dvd broke of this :( i need to rebuy. soon. :) x
back to classes this morning.. still poorly though :-(
i want an ipad :(
tussi ja rahe ho..tussi na jao!!! pls faruu i vl cry nw m sad :( luv u pls reply
sorry to hear about the weather :(
: butuh penyegaran :(
can i help you sist? help me :(
i don't really like sleeping alone... :(
#1 trending topic.. don't know if we should be happy or sad :(
hahaha asik nih, rame ce haaaa maauuuu :( paris van java with dan teman2 bandungnya
scared the shit outa me :( maybe i should tidy my room before i actually do crack me head open lol.
awww catelynn and tyler crying at their baby makes me want to cr so bad, cus there givin her up for adoption :(
every1 is goin to sleep as i'm on my way to werk :-( kinda sucks but den again it doesn't lol...
in my dream, i had a pet peakeet/pig transformer. apparently, i took it to sxsw and killed it. :(
it's going to be hard for me to change my sleep cycle :(
rain rain go away, aubri wants to shoot today :-(
could do with a friend and a hug right now :(
hohoo iy sist :( sakit ?
so tired :-(
that's so cruel :(
their answer was lets get drunk :(
ya she kissed me and then i ask her which feeligns she feel now and then "i gues... hmm" and then she don't wirte back :(
rawr i'm upset now :-( its so horrible i mean i have not moved for fifteen mins
i'm 7 followers off 200 :(
hellooo :) it's been good, hows yours? and i haven't got any :( iloveyou. :) xxx
aww really :( that sux. if it makes u feel better i won't see mine for like 2 weeks :(
:( liz is going to try to get more sleep. boring morning for me.
re: shiny, pleasant web development tools i know, it's not fair :(
i can never sleep in :( ** two doses of #goodsex will clear that problem right up lmao
totally agreed should deffo tweet some fans ive been waitin ages for a tweet/dm n never got one (hint) :( lmaoo x
you like it alot then? :) hope your ok :( xx
last day snowboarding :(
huh. sbar aja ya syang. ! ak tmenin deh twitter. hhe ;) iaalah sayang :(
as in ill? speedy recovery, sayang *hugs* dang it, am sick! :(
i have not much time, i guess. i miss you all and i wish i could stay araound. #update_insanity :-(
nonton are you smarter than a 5th grader dan hasilnya gw ngerasa ga lebih pinter dari anak kelas 5 sd. :-(
