you shouldn't tell me such stuff. che. :(
ah ok now i understand why you wanted more sleep lol. looks like work will be fun then if we haven't got enough crew on :(
sore throat is still there but i'm gargling with asprin. trying to get rid before tuesday cause think it's stress related :(
drinking and driving is not a good thing. i don't recommend it. :(
bb kn kbnykan gt chel britanyart bb ku rusak ga bisa hidup :( huhu knp ini?? :((
i still feel like i'm in the water = weird feeling. :( hahaha!
omg i left my phone chager :( :( we're going to north devon. youu? xx
i can't paint my own nails. those on the right hand, that is. :(
thnx.. the food ws too spicy... think it stuck my nose... :( bless you :)
how lovely my boss get me an easter egg .. i hate easter :(
btw si maya sedih banget yah :(
smangaaaattt..hehert otw transtv,, malem mingguan disono kayanyaaahhh!!!! :(
if they don't want to collaborate with adobe at least develop their own flash :(
at my nans on the iow, she's not well :(
oh my god, how cute are you :(
work pullin yet anotha 12hr shift :-( my body aches
uuuuuggggghhh... i smell sweaty testicles... *pukes a little* ya'll say women are stanky... ya'll niccas are plain nasty :(
you didn't need me anymore :(
imy too :(
hello everybody deleted my account by accident so please make sure you are following me -lost all my pals :( // please
up dressed, took the dog a nice walk and now my headaches back :( boooo! gonna have a bath soon, see if that helps.
yiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiikes! i can't access my facebook account :(
this night is so boring :(
christie kemana aja ? i will.. thank you, babe.. sayang aku ga bs ntn :( lain (cont)
im workin monday night :(
oh no, jesen button is out :(
mau ikut dooooong pleaseee :( kikikikikikikik with :s
omg i'm so bored :( please help me lol
hehe my cousins husband is his mechanic so its not cool :( i hate ferrari big time! i hate schumacher more!
i have loved you from the very start, i still love you today, and will love you always and forever. thank you. :( #alwayskeepthefaith
but you cannot go out with us :(
:( wish twitter had chat. i could talk to (:
thankyouuu,gws sayangrt hv fun ya yg disency sbnrnya pgn ikt tp lg skt :(
its heaps cool! aww :( just write sophieee :)
i'm scared to sleep alone in my house :(
haha i know. im so pissed off, i had planned to do other stuff this weekend too! :( boooooo
office is crazy over ipl today.. they enjoy it on youtube.. some how i am not interested in the matches in ipl. :(
omg! the sunrise is unbelievably beautiful in the smokies this a.m. !>>what? where? missed it . drat this rain curtain :(
where is the sun :( ?
hope the weather picks up next week, wanna go out on the boat :( xx
the kid said, "stop sayin that!!!" "he didn't die , see" , pointing the "this is it" commercial/// awwww man...so sad :(
i'm still very slpy!! nap le, bath le still slpy... :(
watching #csk vs #rr ... supporting #rr .. common boys .... not looking good now :(
so do i and only saw him 5 mins ago :(
i'm damn bored now! :( someone talk to me please..
aku diusir di f0odc0urtny wkt it :(
q:haha :) i dont know what to say anymore :( a:say you love me, say you need me, then pu...
don't ever hate me :( #qft
eh you deleted your blog sia :(
where has been all day :(
a sincere apology to i mistakenly unfollowed her and i didn't mean to. all's right with the world now though. :) sorry dani. :(
me too :( but maybe addison comes to seattle and visists him ;)
i wish i lived near a beach :(
aww ok i understand :( ive to go work again then :/
