sams still sleeping haha so im all alone :( can't wait for tonight!
good.i learnt to wear contact lenses just now.and now my eyes are red. :(
awww! :( *hugs* what happened?
yea.. i know :( cycle was going wonky hence trying a break for a while
lol i will prolly be in #twitjail on easter :(
oh i'm not available on saturdays. :( family day. :(( any other date?
looks like i'm going to have to miss the match. :(
where are you? :(
i am so bored! i hope someone entertains me soon! :(
if we cant find one or use your aunt's we can just use my phone :( or your normal camera either way
if you hate unfollowers :(
really wants july to be here .... at peterborough can't wait <3 , i miss those boys :( & love them millions !! <3 xxx
well, i'm amazing at arkham asylum. and i don't wanna go by myself on tuesday :(
mullingar today :) found out i'm goin on hols with my cousins and georgia dosnt smell! the only downside to today is i'm sick :( lol
stupid fecking diet :( if i eat any more stir-fry i'll grow horns & start mooing... :( meh...
i forgot :( next time yeeea katanya mau beli ice cream kemarin ☹
jiahahag =)) juri apa dulu?? :( mending jdi juri.rt dotter pattolo tolo t.t pasien t.o.l.o.
aah okay :( don't worry 'bout it. but i'm dragging you out next week whether you're allowed or not :) xx
bokaaaaaaaaaaaap :(
i wanna be 16 :( lol
i concur, even though i doubt i get the day off paid :( thank you jeebus :)
i'm doing my homework :( i have to do it even tho i know that the teacher will only give it a once over n not read it,
no :( would've loved to but didn't have the opportunity. maybe another time if he comes to the uk again.
i'm missing you. :(
* i miss my friends! :(
eh.. :( lost a followerr
i know! i had to peel out a layer of skin. suppperr sickk! looks like we're not having supporters today.. :(
thanks to now i really want that agnes b strap. :(
what?! :( i'm gonna miss u here my account will be over limit any moment now! if i vanish i'll be in ur dms then! lol!
knap?rt ga jd ling.. :(
kalo yg pm nya 'i miss her more than anything' beneran si marty, itu pm nya pasti buat nicole :(
this has happened to me once before and the sting is startling. i'm really sorry that happened :( feel better n boooo to that!
hahahaha mni7a minak u always hit the bullseye, if there is anything bringing back here its u! i am fine dead tired though :(
thanks. i'm trying to work out what's made me feel so ill :-(
is having stupid stupid memories, and is thus feeling pretty awful. :(
dw, just cannot correctly intercept touch events :(
so i didn't even try 2 rush for work smh whole hr late :(
ghost and roach :(
#bieberfact justin bieber only has one day a weel to relax :(
need a better holiday :( people! we need to do something!! (@joojice and chloeeeee!)
my paid account time on lj is expiring soon and they keep sending me emails about it :(
postie delivered new mcs cd whilst i was out shopping.only trouble is i've got no time to play at the moment :-(
chipped windscreen :(
now having trouble uploading the new video :( not loosing my cool though, i'll just keep trying.
watching 's r+b countdown before going to see another car followed by an afternoon of dissertation work :( #jls
i'm a miserable person tonight. no one wants to have dinner with me :(
wow, i'd have thought kestrels were faster than herons. i haven't seen any birds at all this week :(
not sure if its safe for me to watch the footie :(
this if you hate people that unfollow you, just because you tweet too much :(
waitin on the taxi to go to bishopton train station.. can't be fucked today!! :(
sini ke lely, ta...rt yg laen pd ke jkt.....hiksssss :( alone at home :(
originally wanted to go watch f1 but am down with an infected throat. sighhh :( #fb
listening to lily allen smile and doing the oppisite :(
wkwkwkw.. iya2 om, becandaan kok! xd sumpe deh bohong! :(
gtw?? rasany mw pecaahh!!! obatny gada yg buad migran chy :( echy udah nympe jkt??
:s. :'( :( :ot pang pang is in wijaya, near darmawangsa square, lime light is in (cont)
the roast lunch kat has made smells lush, i just wish i felt like eating :-(
this if you hate people that unfollow you, just because you tweet too much :(
wow ang yaman =)) i miss you. we have to talk :) :(
misses youuu :( <333
