i wish i was watching in 3d :(
stupid tweete is being a shitface :(
wp uploads folder totally useless without correct permissions :( but still baffled by the permission settings... can't figure it out.... :(
went to sleep at 3 feel tired as usual... :(
got some not so great news from back home... i need some positive energy my way :(
i need some new followers today yall. i didnt get to 200 yesterday :(
i'm soooooo bored! can't go back to sleep either :(
it rains all the time over here! :( tipical england (@teamcyrus live on
loool both of u are football crazy! i'm about to get ready for work :(
i am so boreddddddd someone do this english for me and explain binomial expansion :(
feels sad. :( found real meaning to it.
i know.. :-(
give my life for you talk in spanish... :(
i can't sleep anymore. :(
fart. envy envy! dull my life :( omw kff w dipta unfortunately isn't here;(
damn i didn't even notice dale til he waved :( my bad :( <3
wants to be watching the match in 3d in ilfracome :(
no hot water..... how annoying :(
just got back from my 'run' & discovered i have the lung capacity of a 65 heavy smoker :-( nice considering i gave up a year ago...
you never calledme :(
season starts to end :-( khao lak scuba's blog: khao lak scuba’s blog. more:season starts to end khao lak s...
at emergency room with nephew :(
windiws update 時間かかるなあ :-(
oh no, that sucks dude :(
aigo~~ kd kw mbyngkan smtown tnp mrk :(
aw no poor bunny. never a pleasant decision to have to face :(
sumpah gue laper banget.. :(
really, if i hurried up and got ready, i could go to jesus vs easter bunny. wouldn't know what to wear tho :( fucking sucks.
i need a hair treatment! stress caused my hair to look limp these few days. :(
wat's up ..!! :(
still don't have the new cod map pack yet :( #cod #xbox #mw2
b, get well soon !! i want go out with you :( uuuu .
fucking day :(
dad is coughing bad, real bad :(
i havent done any revision or coursework these holidays :(
awwww not for long bebe :( im using my house computer lool :( but i shall be back to wrap my toned arms around you ;-) lol xx
sis had to take down the video!! tarryns mum didnt want the video to be posted :(
sorry, do you have school? why are you on mobile web? :( how are ya?
is it sinful to buy another ipod? :-( no, rich kid! ;p
fake sha itu kyk fanpage american idol sepertinya :(
lol i want to strangle my family right now. they are soo mean :(
i will be working until 5pm :( hopefully there will still be some warmth and sun when i get back home.
just caught when in rome with but he doesn't like it!! :( oh well. i still dig chick flicks <3
i got national exam last monday ,, and i'll get exam from my school next monday ,, so tired :( study everytime
can u plzz write in englisg? :( who is this guy ur postin pix of?
i'm sorry to hear that :(
kyaknya #501carrotsformal bakal bersaing dng nowplaying and tvxq :(
thank you! my tonsils won't go down even though my throats cleared up :( very annoying!
missing the action.. murali vijay and morkel crushing the bowlers! :(
bus is so full, how take. :(
mau pindah dit :( emang farisha kenapa dhev? gamau kehilangan farisaaaaa :'(
cafeworrld sucks! :(
i think its cool that he answers his fans...shame on u :(
ahhhh! i'm awake and i don't want to be :( shut up brain! i need sleep ugh
aku dong :( fak u cici-cici!
eugh, no way. i'm only gonna' be able to text i'll miss you on twitter. :(
i know :-( i just want to sit outside all day... i hope you have a good day
my computer just shut down zomg :(
is it sinful to buy another ipod? :-( no, rich kid. hahaha! peace man!
its almost 5 am im not going to sleep until #welovesteph becomes a tt :( please help i want sleep. she is a belieber pl
sounds awesome but shame about the weather today, looks like rain all day :(
is like 12-14 days more to mye :(
is it boomz boomz pow, or are you jacking my style? :(
i was craving watching my super sweet 16 so i've just paid £1.85 to watch it, i hate not having mtv. :(
can't sleep been awake since two... :( trying to fall asleep for two hourss. it's weird how three words change everything....
haha i just facebook chatted my bro from my ipod to bring me breakfast in bed lol. he said no :(
rtrtrt gua pengen jujur ke elu, tapi gua takut lu jauhin gua hueee :( #llf
