oh no :( do you not have batteries anywhere? steal them from the remote or something?
so hungover :( want to go back toled but feel like whitey
man...i do not wanna delete taye's forum :(
whats everyone doing for easter? im stuck at home , thanks to the cunts at london transport stopping my tube line :(
i hit my funny bone on my door handle. :(
aww how sad!! :(
& i miss u both !!!!!!! :(
selena gomez is in london right now, i want to see her :(
cieee dinda ! nyesel bgt salting kayak tadi :(
i made the milkshakes but there are no boys in my yard!! perhaps they're not better than yours :(
hahah not really :(
one day never text. :(
download the proposal udah selesai, ada rekomendasi romantic movie again??? mlm minggu bkl nnton film" romantis dah, sayang gk ada temen :(
tos balik jkt teeeh :( masih di banduuung ?rt yes teteeeh? :)
i wiosh homie. i almost fell asleep typin this. fml. i want them wheats! :( sigh, in da morning....
"i miss you so much huh :( i need your hug i need your kiss and i miss you crazy much"
caz's 18th on thursday... shame it's here in dubai really.. won't be able to take her down the pub and buy her first legal pint :(
apparently got gunned down in his club_jeeppeerrss! nw d@ :(
so bored :( i want online, so i think she should come online ;d
and u came and not a sound from u :(
ga ada mobiiiiil huhu bremerlah ntar take me out pleaseeeeeee :(
satnight equals sad-night :(
you let me down :(
daripada cuma numpang pipis ntan..hehe..rt jauh2 ke cirebon,,cuma tidur di hotel doank... :(
mau pulaang :(
cant sleep guys... :(
i would if i were there xd but im not :( shame ha
* offline :( *
just be yourself ren.. kapan ya aku bisa secantik nuri :(
yeah, she would have been 6-16 during those years. creepy. :( also, i just found out they're making 13 more episodes of primeval!
i send 51 tweets for but he don't follow or replay me.. so i do anything for nothing.. i'm so sad :(
i can't princess, i'm sorry. after this weekend i'm revising for pgce interview and will not have a life. :( xxx
i hate when no one's up talking to me :( i don't even kno why i'm on. haha.
oh noes, what have you done? 10.51 is a big step backwards for me 2 clicks now to fit-to-width + generally unintuitive interface :(
bored to the max :(
im really upset i didnt get tickets to gaga's melbourne concert :( really really upset~!!!!!!!!!!!!
well proactive is good, and actually works, but is really expensive :(
both are either cuming back :-( or have bought stakes in kkr ;-)
i hate my isp. i keep losing my internet connection :( i just want something reliable!
dear morons: had you chosen flash instead of win net you would have saved me much stress. stress is very bad, it makes me skinny :(
i know, i'm just so knackered all the time at the mo and i have no idea why :( plus his sofa is well comfy lmao
i hate being deaf in one ear, i'm listening to 's album on my ipod and i can only do it half properly :( still awesome tho...
so viele wolken am himmel :(
goddamnit i hate kane... i want more than anything for lu to become what he was again.. for his own pride's sake :( #canucks
in annoyed :( ma grans bein twisted
btw all my delhi friends...the only reason i'm not getting in touch is cuz in between wedding events i am working like a mad donkey :-(
omg that's a blast from the past :(
hi babe!*hugs* bad mood!!!!! hate my demon overlords!!!! my time is wasted cleaning up after them and their mistakes!!! :(
i pretend to do it daily :(
my legs hurt :(
used to be seems the word, hasn't got the spark :(
i'm sorr, but i'm passing out, i have to go :( goodbye lover!
mam come faster pls, can't wait to eat ma ice cream to fix this f*ckin mood :(
oh but i hate that they're not junsu of..or jejung of... :(
my phone is being stupid :(
fuck i just reached into my pocket for my phone and made my nailpolish go all icky :(
i miss playing that :( justins xbox broke so no more quitar hero
i wish we coulda saw it in 3d but it was sold out!!! : (
meeting didnt go well :(
you hear one line of a song and its stuck into your head all week :( #omgthatssotrue
haha ,, shes popular haha :) , i really wanted to go :( x
what do i have to say to get to follow me cuz wat im doin isnt working :( please follow me
:( ikuuutttrt right from my point of view.. damaaiiinyaaa
i couldn't stop coughing and i woke up :(
then make it happen.. pleasee... :( gw kasian bngt krn msh bnyk yg ga dpt tix pitbull,ga gampang (cont)
