mention dums :(
this if you hate people that unfollow you, just because you tweet too much :(
i ran to my bus (in at least 5 maybe 8 cm heels (not good estimating lengths (wnkb)) and missed it :(
jgn negatif thinking aww... betapa saya merindukan kasur dan juga merindukannya :(
huh?!?!? i hope by de time we go no more protestor :(
this if you hate people that unfollow you, just because you tweet too much :(
#bieberfact justin bieber only has one day a weel to relax :(
papis jeep n mad shit pero no diga na idk anything else /via dam :( omg thats fuked up
oooo, okay :) sorry i'm not on msn, don't feel well :( <3
:( make them
come back, i'm doing my best with jonas! but i don't know the rest, work your magic toby!
enjoying time with mommy and nanay. i'll miss them when i leave for australia... :(
i'm a bit sad now. only 72 minutes left to my doctor who marathon. the end. :( but then: 65 minutes of doctor who i've never seen before!!
#doctors story of a guy! "rank no. 420" in aipg 06: aila apunka interview :( :( sara don u…
i'm so tired and sleepy and i have to go to church at 9pm until midnight. please pray that i don't end up sleeping during mass. :(
having a big skype morning with friends in ibiza... cant wait to go and see them again!!! soon!!! aaaahh... feeling homesick today :(
yeah, #sony is only good for audio devices hmm cybershot vangi enda paisa poyatha :(
smbdy please tell me, why? sm, lo sneng bgt ya buat fans2 artis2 lo nangis, deg2an, kecewa :(
#bieberfact justin bieber only has one day a weel to relax :(
hey farah__i need ur help!! :( will u tell me 1 thing?
*shocked* you dont own mean girls on dvd? not sure we can tweet each other anymore :( lol x
settling in for the long haul today. 26 degrees outside and i'm stuck in my office/warehouse for the next 12 hours or so. boo-urns :(
is sick with the flu and is in need of a little tlc!!! anyone :(
i like it the way it is between us , please dont mess it up :(
it wouldnt let me either! i have to do it from email :( theres a box you check to do that
i have just awoken to a lack of noise from and :) peaceful /via >> boo hoo he don't love me!!! :(
i been breaking it down for you baby... been running arounnnd and still no love for meee... somebody #rescueme :(
on my way to devon been travelling since 8 this morning :( urgh x
urghhh laptop keeps loggin me off in the middle of doing what im doing! i want my laptop back on form :(
this if you hate people that unfollow you, just because you tweet too much :(
i see. rising prices :(
in pain! and still waiting to be seen :(
everythings fine .. how are you? i can't :(
i miss the president of my heart :( is the mrs. president still me? guess not fufufu so sad
hahaah on tabke it cane off tho :(
the cat shat on the mat :(
finding it extremely hard to part with my bed :(
nooo don't say the w word, its makes my eye twitch :(
bom dia... ready to work!!! yey! :(
see them till the uk tour :( xxx
hey yuvi, what happened yesterday yaar. u were winning and i had fight with my wife to watch the match but stunned at last :(
soz i can't reply back to everyone's tweets :( but thanks for all the nice tweets and follow friday's!! oh and bournemouth you were amazing!
i want my hyungs back :( #alwayskeepthefaith
had the worst pain ever today. it's wat i call torture. god u do understand :( :(
guys!! pls help me reach my goal!!! 4 more to go.. i'll follow bk and list u 4 times!! i promise.. plss plss plss just help me.. :(
15 mins on rowing machine = 4 blisters in hands. ouchies :(
i'm not tired :(
okay, i gotta go now .. byee :( <3 keep beliebing
suffering from backache ! :(
so it really exists and looks nice so far, downside is it looks like i won't get it on time for my birthday :(
i tried to turn it on dis morning buh keys werent workin...den it just went off... dint come on again :(
going out to the shops looking truly terrible, i really hope noone see's me :(
i really want to see kick ass, but i think you need id for it :( oh well.
guesss who i am? right, maddie. yeah, i'm again over the limit. yeah, like everyday. ahh, f*ck it :(
i really miss being excited about easter :(
it's not the ticket. a flight to venice will be like 500 euros for me. that's the problem... ugh :(
back is achin :(
fml randomly woke up at 6 in the morning and cant fall back asleep :(
packing for france- damnn too much stuff wont fit in my case :( has made my yearr <33 thankss cammo <3
ahahhhhaaaa ill try pmsl and awwwwwww ok :( don't be too long jokes ill txt ya at some point probz lol
i want a 4 tier cake from delectable pls? :( so niceee..
where is didge :(
i cant :-( i forgot the password ..
awwww :( dammit come later? it's like 3 stopps from chatswood and then stay at mine :)
stuck at macs with their oh so wonderful cinnamon melts n free wifi hahaha.. getting used to having my data plan cncelled :(
iyaa ruu :( woss guaya rekk
wah ah hoooon! since wen u gt twitter n sexy back?!?! lol!! was juz dreamt abt u last nite!!! scary :( 26may gg bkk. u gg too?
effects of last night blew the house electrics, been sick twice & my contac lens didn't get put it the case properly so its dried up! :(
talk to me please :(
no release date for les aventures extraordinaires d'adèle blanc-sec in uk :-( pretty poor as it looks amazing!
:-( im sick! hows ur hand?
goodbye palm beach.. leaving you a day early :(
wt wt wt? wt abt colg? dnt scare me by mentnin #colg :(
please get me a video message! :) :(
went to watch the mighty brymbo and they bloody lost :(
sad to hear that dbsk is stopping their activities :( i miss them but why.? #alwayskeepthefaith
i'm so sad michael j fox has parkinsons :-(
cousins from hell *sob* expected a nice quiet weekend :( and i am being forced to listen to earth song by michael jackson :s
i'm hurting a little that president obama chose only one box on his census form :(
yea, im pregnant :( and i dont know what should i do?
boo to both :( are you ill? poor lisa xx
me toooo !!! it's so boring this winter weather :(
its official i work sat :(
:( /is offended
and im totally not succeeding :(
had just managed to pull myself out of my bad mood only 2 find my car has been vandalized for the 5th time in 3 years. :(
#bieberfact justin bieber only has one day a weel to relax :(
tried to play "give love a try" but the strings weren't helping :(
ni ff bikin gua down deh ya.. is that true? :(
don't say thaaaaaat :( now i'm missing my boyfriend moreeeeee :(
bloody bus broke down :( stranded in shortlands. haha
i'm too lazy to do anything, but i want to do something! :(
lol! i'm gonna be quiet if chelsea wins. i promise! and why u gnna make it more messy :( horrible! lol (cont)
follow meeee :(
huh?? all activities of tohoshiki got suspended? omg~~ i got a bad feeling :(
yaaah pulang :(
if you hate unfollowers :(
this weather seems to inspire the kids to get up am hour earlier in the morning :-(
darnn it how come :( ohh cause i dont own mean girls ima gett it some poin t promise :)
:( memories of u it makes me sad
fair enough but im not even going for summer so fmlllll! and i just miss my house and food and everything :(
jd teringat tgl 11apr yg dibilang ckck :(
i feel horrible! having a goddamn fever :(
huaa pingin nangis nih gue. takut keulang lagi :(
omg dw!! too bad i don't have bbc :(
#bieberfact justin bieber loved singing his song down to earth (based on his parents divorced) :(
it's raining, i don't even know.. how to walk over later! :(
i need to play on the keyboard now! i'm avin withdrawal symptoms :-(
aw really? :( #alwayskeepthefaith
i'm too excited for warped tour and summer so now i can't sleep, fuck me. :(
this if you hate people that unfollow you, just because you tweet too much :(
that's not good :-(
true, just saw myself die 3 times in 1 killcam on bailout. iw need to learn where to put spawn points! :(
lucky boy..we have to wait 1 more month here in italy.. #sad :(
omfg really!!? i really wanted to go on it! happiness over :(
i can't believe i missed daniel johnston's gig with jeffrey lewis last night didn't know...bloody twitter: u failed to inform me :-(
noooooo! i feel sick :( this can't happen. i swear i'm about to sleep my life away. :)
sepii ash twiit ma :(
i just eat two slices of pizza but i feel like my body is getting heavier by 10 times.. :(
:( /is offended
yes must have been same day as we seperated them as soon as we found the first baby. poor lil thing :-(
i dunno wanna go to the hip riot! :(
aaa, unfortunately i'm not able to stream the radio now :(
off work now after first night of 12s. 6 more to go :(
