never thought i'd hear myself say this. but i don't want to drink again! i was so sick all over my room last night :(
i knowwwww right :(
sorry guys twitterkitty wont load yfrog prob i believe but will keep trying :(
knp molly ben ?? desperately need u nih.. tolong molly kyknya sakit. gejala dr mukanya dia kyk pusing. :(
there is a need :(
i hate my bed sometimes, even then i'm just sat in it i fall asleep :(
smart move. dusty, i miss you :(
having fever and my head hurts a lot. its not like i want it. :(
all beautiful boys gone. :( oh this is sad.
i wa wonderin y im up at 3am too.... :(
chaz cantt stop thinkinggg about you!!!!! :(
mmm tricky one. keep an eye on i guess how flipping annoying though : (
on our way to the airport..addisyns getting sicky :( hope all goes well in the flight
was trying to make convo! :( but nvm.. have a nice night
wow. 5 is insane! haha but no one is helping me i've tried , :(
psing sumpah abis bikin your daily playlist :(
haha .... naww.. :( i miss you guys heaps. :( where in japan are you now ?
i loveee heart-shaped helium balloons. i want them for valentines' dayy, hahaha. too bad valentines' day is overr. awwwh. :(
:( :( :( :( i need more followers :s i need more followers :( please ??? :(
it's saturday!!! and i have to go to work :( :) :(
cant differentiate the fine line between boredom and hunger :(
seriously feel so sick wtf im like physic to do with sickness :(
noooo...dish just went out...darn thunder :-(
my computer is doing that thing again where it keeps deleting my tweets :(
well mine doesn't and everyone is asleep now :(
those wiv bb chargers should cherish them! #wheresmynetho :(
where are you now ? huhu :(
nope :(
efek cahaya kali fi bureeem :(
your twitter ipad link doesn't seem to work. :-(
i do love the bag <3 dannii's fans are amazing <3 , bought me it cos i couldn't buy it in poland :( x
i had a bad friday. tonight better be good. :(
i'm busy flat moving :( maybe the easter bunny will bring me one?
have you ever had that one perfect kiss that took your breath away. ?? well i miss those moments shurr bby. :(
:( :( :( i am only 16 laaaa...wtf, i look old ! fml
vinz! missing you! :( hope you feel better now! lotsa hugs! muah! xx
couldn't get there/back! i'm sorry drunk friend- i missed your antics:') i heard it wasn't that good anyway besides cam:') :(
:( i'd rather be sleepin
working 5-1 then gym, homework, cook, clean, laundry, and second job paper work. did i mention i have to work 8+ days in a row :(
was supposed to come and see you im glasgow this weekend :( but i'm too ill and can't :( wish you'd tweet or follow me it'd m ...
wkwkwk cnda ppin yg lmah lmbut murah hati dsb ! hahahaha xd waaaa kejammmmm :( ahh (cont)
:( ily my man p.a rt@salmalyn thats not what yu said last nighht ahaa ! ewww you! ewww tw
my wrist hurts... :( good night.
im assuming your talking about :(
nooo i didn't get to go to the exhibition. :( i'm so heartbroken and i'm not sure if i can make it tomorrow. i think i rant too much.
mooorning, time to get ready for work, 1-8.30 shift, ughh :(
i will go for a slow job later to make myself feel more healthy! but no, i can job without a spoilt earphone :( procrastination
i miss them... :(
few more days and im back to reality! oh noes :(
still, better they block my credit card i guess than have someone else spend on it. now we're off for coffee! in the rain tho :(
i gotta pee but don't wanna get out the bed :(
playing neopets. in other news, i turn seventeen in a month. :(
payah rumah sgitu doank! aiiink cape naek motor dr kmpus ke rumah :(
i'm up, seriously early (considering) to take my nephew and nieces to paradise park. arn't i lovely? i'm a bear with a sore head tho! :(
aww you must be gutted !! :(
haha asiiik :( kapan uts ? baiiiiiik cha.long time no see your beauty. haha maksa
yeah. well's she's pregnant now :( it just makes me sad cause we used to always talk about her having kids and how we would..
oh no really sorry :(
i would too :( i hate dreams...
i lost a follower :( im a bit devo now
ahh now i feel really bad :(
you are going to die when i say this... but.... can we rescheule lunch tmw for early next week? a work project just came up. :(
why why why :(
just done watching remember me. cried the whole film. so sad. *tears* :-(
hey im ok, dnt like rain :( and ya i go to a party
damn! have to clean today :(
hmm.. nearly time to set off to work :(
klo kk ikut hippopotamus aja.. xixixi ;p secepatnya harus ikut hypnotherapy.. :(
i'm here drunk n bored n not tired :( why u up so early?
ok..... i m nt katti. but don't call me cartoon altogether.....u n mrunal baba :(
ah cool, i miss him too :( x
got a letter from customs, they are holding my ebay item :( they want proof of how much it costs to charge me tax! fucking twats!
my favourite czech site with manga doesn't work...i wanna tsubasa, x/1999 and count cain :(
you see what you do when i show you love? you never like it. :(
stacks got a boo boo cus he tried to chew thru his crate :(
how do you do the check sign?? :( i <3 manny villar ! hahaha !
...you are right janine. vettel could have won both bahrain and melbourne but have car issues : ( , felt sorry for the guy...
omfg windows is shite! i hate this computer. misses mr lappy :(
aw looked so many tremendous cutie bunnies along the road way back from lembang. pity them if they are for satay :(
:o clutch doesn't match my dress! they won't get along well :( oh well.
it's raining here -> and here it's very cloudy and windy :(
feeling lonely without my coffee pot :(
that's cool. i belive it'll be a dream when u would follow me :(
@justinbieber i love you ? you'll never read this tweet
guess i better get ready! :(
heylo! christ im so sorry for not getting back to you last night, i cant find my phone at all :( you free tomorrow at all?xx
feelin so bad :( god please,what's this?
loooool grrr ok man ima sign out guys just for a bit to do my essay :( lool thanks fifi! x lool
more followers, please, i need more. i only have few :(
awwww.. :( miss ya too honey b <3.
oh no! it must be the country air. ugh take an antihistamine at once! that came on suddenly you poor thing :(
maaaan where u at with the size 12 :(
iia kt'y ludes ya ? tiket ludess :( pngn bgt nnton (cont)
just done watching remember me. cried the whole film. so sad. *tears* :-(
i was peacefully drinking my coffee this morning when a unicorn appeared in my room and ate my bed :(
i am cold :(
damn after a few months of heaven the magic has stopped and i am getting hangovers again! :-(
still on bed dont wanna get up :(
happy birthday park jung min! #501carrotsformal. xd can't join the trending later on. :(
what like you do with me :( damn you
hmm. but it hurts sometimes :(
i wantu cry :(
aches all over :(
*sigh* called in sick, so i have to do everything all alone :( thanks for that! ¬_¬
sat in bed.. gonna get ready soon. miss my babey :-(
so do i. :/ every single dream, has him in it... even if its just for a second. i hate that.. :( i wish it would stop.lol
:( don't drink too much. since i can't hide the bottles myself i'll ask marilyn's ghost to. i can't help but worry, sweetie!
i'm feeling so empty now :( laptop go for repair and service le :(
stomach ache :( just want to curl up and sleep until 6
anda telat :( haha huehehe hello indres:) hello monic:)
tp restu dr ortu itu penting jg :( ya c. cma q tkt slh ambl lngkah t.t fight for your choice, girls
whooooo happy bday to me!!!! 23 yrs i'm old :(
chillin at uli's house with some niggahs... drunk as fuck! i miss someone special :( in hayward with ppls ftw
the thought of that place just makes me miserable :(
i'm as pissed off as a midget with a yo-yo :(
lost 10 followers? my life sucks right now! why cant i just die? :( god, kill me! without pain! please, everything isnt right at the moment?
oh i'm sorry :( so you made me?
hey sorry i didnt reply ur long-ago tweet! application's are.. stoning. the only school i've applied to hasnt replied me :(
finished mass effect 2 after some 38 hours of game play. kinda disappointed there isn't anymore universe to explore :( looking forward to 3
why do i feel so ill. :(
i would come to nurse u na :(
goodbye twitter. my phones dying :(
miss you :(
i need a change desperately :(
hellno? hope so though :) zomg. i want one now :) i wish i was like press :( could have like someone from apple send me one
ohhhh it just got worse :(
i know :( adam is one of the few who can melt this ice queen
sekarang cari pacar yang setia itu susah :(
angeee is away :(
i wish the uk did more posters :(
twitter ;) omg i miss naptimes :( gosh, were growing up so quickly......
typical easter w/e weather! its chucking it down. nice weather 4 ducks.. not so gd 4 holiday :-( cant go walking unless want 2 get drenched!
kickfest yah?mauuu... :( ludes! ha3 kalap belanja gy. hahaha loh,knp emang she?
u need 2 come back 2 the uk! u didnt come to newcastle last time u were here :( x
i need youu :(
