i love so damn damn much :(
please sign it, hes in the uk on my birthday :( it would be the best b,day present xx
nothing's happening :(
not feeling well at all :(
my little brother flies back to queensland tonight, my older sister flew out earlier today :(
i'm off to a rehearsal in a bit. i have 3 lines in 1 scene it seems my days as a leading man might be over :(
i'm prob the only one awake and moving this time of day on a saturday reading last nights tweets most peeps just went to sleep :(
uljima darl :( great.. now i feel like crying.. argh.. #alwayskeepthefaith
"mary, mary, quite contrary..." hmmm. kimmy, kimmy, she quite primly / stole my pet and hid him from me :(
i have goood news! i'll tell you when i get back, i have to go to work now :( sex muffin! ;) hahahaha xx
what the fuck, apik-apik pek :(
milk really does not go down well with me :(
hahaha no its okay roos hahaha its just me..ppl dont seem to want to follow me :s i dont know why :(
honestly i think anna wont turn jeremy ... :( but i so love the scene
the premiere & then meet her :( i already sent my email, but i'm not lucky so i'm not gonna win. it's 99,9% sure.
photo: really bad news from germany: still no ahi poke in german super markets :-( we’ll have to wait 3 weeks...
about the same, i had it but didn't start using it a lot till sept. i can't believe jazlyn has one too. growing up too fast :(
tiba* pusing :(
more then 35o million liters of chile wine lost in earthquake.........hmmmmmmm-......what a pity :(
champagne before midday how glamorous! enjoy the celebrations :) i am currently mopping floors not at all glamorous :(
fine, i'll just cry cuz no one will put a shoutout for me. : (
no tat today :( looks like tuesday now ...
:( tvxq to stop their group activities — allkpop #tvxq
yeah i knew :( he's number 26 or more than it -_-
tukantukantukaaan!!!! this fever is getting worse, i really need my personal lovely doctor... :(
it's rainin n there's sunshine but i c no rainbow... :(
ughhh..i don't wanna leave the beach :( this would be a sad day if today wasn't going to be amazing...
if bbq doesn't work out, we could go somewhere for dinner & just chill. i've work e next morning so gotta leave early :(
boooooo! :(
unfortunately, i have not been able to locate anything people have requested (yet). well, nyanpire plushes, but they're in crane games. :(
*lends some money* aww :( would you miss too many moves if you missed a class?
i can't wait to come home tbh! i miss my internet, bed, shower, tv, my doggy :( haha!
"east p".. or on the road that leads to there! there's something in the way of the sign. :(
i can't wait to come home tbh! i miss my internet, bed, shower, tv, my doggy :( haha
i know :-(
texasss ; no one's upp to talkk to while i waitt :(
even though w/o rooney, i really hope they'll win :( i'm fucking sad now ley. damn worried >:(
awful start to the morning :(
so its 7 am, i just woke up, i'm soaking wet , wtf happened last night... i'm soooo done drinking, beyond it. :(
getting very frustrated trying to call the none of the numbers listed seem to be working today :(
i want album :( i'll be the first one to buy!
:( tvxq to stop their group activities — allkpop
awww! i hoped u were going to glasgow to see everyone :( but i'm sure you'll have lovely time with family and friends; enjoy! :) x
just put "lines, vines and trying times" on shuffle. "black keys" up first... thanks #jonasbrothers, waiting for the tears to roll... :(
not only you :(
photo: sweethomestyle: soooooooooooo neat! i like :(
whats up? :-(
gonna pack for hundred islands now. :(
i feel like im burning. didnt even stay at the beach that long like 30 mins only. :( sad i know.
i agree. i have to go and do some shortly. not looking forward to it! :(
please sign it, hes over on my b,day month to :(
stay home saturday :(
waiting 4 a reply :(
doesn't think were going out for bday lunch :(
i could be on my way to see just now! its quite depressing actually knowing that he's like 1hour away if that! :(
excuuuse me? i'm not sombooonggg :( gw bntr lg nyampe and i'm alone! t_t
wheres miss lately? :(
sakit apa ? :( sakit :( knapa ? :o buruk baek , km (cont)
things got piled up. dun think i can make it there :(
try to smile , but it's so really hard for me now :-(
early but we paid $36 for it. :(
aliaaa i want martin's aim :(
its freezing here at the moment :(
i miss you .. :(
has anyone broken their femur before? :(
i *was* going to take the kids out today.....sadly, rain stops play :(
#thepenthouse is hungover. managed to avoid being sold off to highest bidder. chilli beans and buffy will sort us out. i miss #beinghuman :(
