i have got acold/flu thing and ma says i have a temp but my head feels heavy and i can't get up without being dizzy :( xxx
just finished muaythai... otw to pi ... bad traffic :( harusnya kan jkt sepi ini org koq masi di jkt aja ya...
oh wat a lovley day... shame i have to go to work :(
:( not my gf american are more rude ^.^
belum :( remember me udh ntn??antara th 2 film c..
oiiiiii! i miss you :( i need your number and bbpin! luvuuuu x
saw new moon last night, thought it was awful :(
whatever fine be that way dnt msg me :(
yes looking, so packing my pockets with avacado isn't going to work :( ... awe .. i'm so out of touch
doesn't feel like a saturday...either way, i should be in derby :( ahah
ingin ada disini :( (tears)
i just had a attack. couldnt breath d:< nawwww :( //gives nerofen
aelah sms nya pending semua :( im3 plis dong sinyal nya benerin !
i'm trying to install some twitter widgets but with no luck :(
sabar ya ceeet :( aku offline. stress. huhuhu
is sick of the reformation already and i haven't even started the essay :(
neanche a me :-(
i missed someone badly :(
gads workin again :( 2more days to gooooo ! :)
no you were mean first!! you kept insinuating for me to do it! :(
i need to go to the usa... new york, california, texas, wherever :( please please please god, take me there :(
lool don't rub it in :( ..this aint faiir
ugh, i went to the supermarket to get some ben&jerry's, but it wasn't there :(
fuck shut uppppp. you dont understand do yooou, :( formspring.me/emirii
i realize i am such a loser :-(
temenan aku gak ngombe an :( rt: walah gk mungkin bram
hi kate, really enjoy webscape on click but has become very bias towards the iphone lately, it's not only phone with apps :-(
just a nightmare :(
i saw him in sydney, at the hum music store signing :) i wanted to see him perform at the mardi gras but i'm too young. :(
same. sometimes i feel asif i'm getting nowhere & i'm just getting bigger :( so then i binge & hml times 578365 !
i missed like a thousand mcfly tweets :(
dm me? i can't even log in on ebuddy. :( idk why
ke salon nanti malem mau ? gue ga ikut yak tkut kcpean kn bsog mw prgy jg yaang . sori :(
it was alright, yours? my dream was .... confusing. hahaa, i know it sucks, idk why she wont let me :(
m.a.c. gives me rash on my skin!! :( give my shu uemura back please..!
finally on train. finally can go home. finally i'm exhausted. :(
i bought the one of lampsy last week..i want the orange one so bad but i cant find it nowhere :(
cryangle :( hehehee. what r u doin' now?
fetching dad from airport soooon. hopefully moving in tmrw la :(
aw mailer video today was amazing. i wanna go to disneyland! :(
i enjoyed myself at batsto yesterday. i took pics with my phone, because i forgot my camera. :( but anyways, it was fun. :)
im broke to. :( and im out weds thurs and its yours on friday night... i think i need friday to sleep :(
yeah deffo. just wish i never knew the ending :( i'm in love with him all over again now lol. tyler definitely does it for me! ♥
so dissappointed in #clashofthetitans i want my money back :(
night ruined again ey?? whats wrong now?? :(
cash lubang hidungmu!!rt lowbat :(
i need vacation :(
i'm pretty much fukced up :( mood to kill
there's a guy at my bus stop who won't stop staring at me.. helpppp! :(
thanxx!! この写真イケてますね～！！rt see you soon!! i soo wish i was there! :( (cont)
i.just.woke.up :(
wishing and wanting to go to the three days grace concert :(
yeah in triple crown. but they dont have the type i want :(
but... you covered your i <3 news twibbon :( #5x10
aye. this really sucks. :(
problem with a 2000 piece puzzle? not checking that you have a table big enough for it :(
huh?? aawwee you're too kind, miss!! i don't think that i look like that hiks. i don't have any confidence coz i'm not skinny :(
yep but when it comes to family things they dont think about us young 'uns :(
me want. better than our crappy snow :( sunset for
internet, know where i can find a video of the #pennyarcade dm panel from pax east? i'm seeing chatter about the panel but no video :(
! follback! please :(
yeeea i know :(
i'm at town now. heehee. the rain spoilt my sentosa day. :( grrr. where are yoooou!
balls. i got on the wrong bus :(
riding rails: rails 3.0: second beta release ... it seems that there still are some rails ruby compatibilty issues :(
i have my final exams like after easter :,( it suckss :(
i cant sleep :(
oh i'm so sorry doll! i hope mr. bun bun recovers :(
says this dvd is waaaaaaaaaaaaaay different then the one i got :( no charice on the...
like hell when i woke up, but i took my antibiotic, a lortab & 2 ibuprofen. better now, but tummy in knots from coffee. :(
yuna sooo sad and teary in her interview with maurizio :(
sit in your lucky seat hayley :) nervous :(
i quite simply cannot get tethering on the iphone to work everytime i install the profile the tethering option disappears :(
yes :( it's not better :/ aww, good <3
i miss my dad & my sister :(
i will.. thank you, babe.. sayang aku ga bs ntn :( lain kli kbr2in ya thank (cont)
why are all the cute boys living in the middle of nowhere? why ! :(
bad hair day :(
mw k dktr hewan,,belong sakit mata,sptny bakal operasi niy :(
oh, i jammed my finger in my front door this morning :( its hurting like fuck :(
you don't like tim urban? :(
thanks for the tips but the ps3 people say it's kaput. paying £130 for a replacement :(
nice ¬¬. i feel like a mess. no matter how much i wash i can still smell smoke. ashamed much, yes :(
man. no gold for us in mens hockey. i am so bummed! :-(
i got bored of hachiko :( i switched to how i met your mother marathon..
ahh going to family bbq xd and its in hidden valley ...and i live far away. ha :(
eh nomermu masi yg belakangnya 643? aku pingen nonton osnmu :-(
downloading 10k files then uploading to a new host :( going to take about 3 hours to finish this task
i just tried to make a flip on te trampolin. my knee hurtvto bad :(
that annoying cow from eastenders is in harry potter...gutted :(
sini aku bntuin ngusir...hush..hush...hushrt hush hush,demam,jauh2 dong :(
ah shit :(
really not feeling yos today :-(
good morning <3 i just woke up, i can't get myself out of bed :-( have a nice day everyone <3
noooo i need my #caseofcapslock buddy back on :( not happy with twitter now
oke deh ris buat kado lo haha i want new teddy clothes shoes etc from teddy house for my cute lil'teddy pleeeease :(
doin' easter holiday cleaning. no witches today :(
omg i think i just cried through that whole episode of one tree hill. did the latest ep make you cry ? sure made me cry! :(
i would gladly take the pain for her so she feels none :( <3
thats really harsh :( :(
has a painful back :(
i wish i was there :( envy u ! di ratulangi.. cozy t4nya! kamu hrs k sni bee
yeah man her mum started crying : ( i was laying on the floor listening to them have a screaming match wasnt good :\
lol yepp i know her :). and ahh same :( i love their pancakes x
ohh sorryy i'm not concern ! :( yaa of course with pleasure :)
got new battery for mobile. misplaced docomo sim. connected mobile for charging. charger not supporting battery :(
you over there! honk for sugar you little fucker! lmfao this movie kills me although i can recite every line :(
hahaha y i so down idk :( i need ..
aw that sucks :( are you going to that social?? :)
on my way to work this early sat. morning.. :( lol..
maghrib, brb ~ btw, gws dear sunshine. so worried to see you sick :(
i miss my sissy :(
woohoo...sleep in. unfortunately the kids bodyclocks will be still edst in the morning..... :(
gue belum nontooon :( otm 3idiots haha telat dah ya
my credits gone :(
i'm only out for 2hours and i came back home to this. :( whyy........................
a little disappointed that our precious thots figurines are not ready for collection yet. gotto wait till next weekend :(
:( not good, eileen not home and "halo" was screaming through the stereo. the place looked left in a hurry. police is looking for her now :(
the f2000 is my fav weapon in #mw2. just a shame i prestiged & lost it :(
