cause i'm bored :(
well soon darling :) br liat di bb grup tnyt ud rame.. :(
:( feelong super sick. no buenoooo
#indonesiawantsalltimelow pleasee :(
i'm so gonna miss my piano when i'll be in college. :(
:( not a very good day...
so svu filmed in tribeca yesterday and olv said they were in studio. :(
paws-bellls haven't updated any of her pics. :(
i'm just like any other stupid little female who falls for a sweet tongue :(
expect nothing and you will never be disappointed... :(
o-c is experiencing some technical difficulties :( hopefully will be back up soon.
hahahaha.. mau ngasi tau si uni tp dy ngilang seharian :( ur hair looks so straight. congratz!!
thinks is lazy!!! back to work in a minute! :(
what's wrong :(
he basically decided to leave suju. :( it's hard being a kpop fan atm. #alwayskeepthefaith
and ummmm 83 degrees today? hopefully it's still warm when i leave work :(
feel so hurt he jus dnt kno :(
#nowlistening bump of chicken glorius revolution , buka2 mp3 yang cuman ada di komputer :(
home sweet home!! ah the bed feels very niceeee ! can i sleep for a while? :(
nothing....nothing is open tomorrow!!! sorry. :(
can't come to pancious tonight.sorry bitses :( have fun!
i'm sorry :(
uk? im in the uk...i wanna be in america! :(
ho'oh wiind.. tooss !! :(
oww i'm in the car :(
i had sometin really influential to tweet... but now it's gone ? "/ i had the short term memory of a llama :(
texting now and i feel angry if i were in her position. :(
thx dear :) drive safe, sis ☺ have to drive go home to bandung :( why? where r u goin, (cont)
me too :( reesh gives best hugs ibut i ain't had in ages :( ast is pretty amazing too xx
not in the mood! :( tired -_-
but it's in google mobile blog.. it's official.. :(
double kecewa... :(
luks like it.... shane warne's magical spell over rr seems to be over now !! :(
loved that one. very sad its author has decided to withdraw from twitter for unknown spans of time :(
tryed to meet you at the hotel but you got rushed on the bus! :( will you hang about tomorrow?
i can hear myself speak! :(
my whole family can go swing back to whtever hole they came from and leave me the fuck alone. that is all. :(
a crap reggae guy on holiday was singing back for good..i wanted to phone you and share the moment :(
i'm poorly me so i shud go to sleep but, all i did yesterday was sleep so today i'm wide awakee :( (cont)
yo cuz sorry we diddnt get to chill this time :( your bday's in july right?
i am in :-(
home sweet home!!!!!! but my pigs are still out :( i miss them!!!
i c ur point gas station it is lol my computer won't let me watch it :-(
i did the same thing, i had to be up ridiculously early so i just haven't slept yet, not really fun :(
im lonely and sick of work dan :(
miss you badly :(
didn't get to finish watchin it :(
wish i don't have this back pain. it hurt so much! :(
haha. ok then :) argh !! there's no end to this homework :( what time is it there?
women + shopping + my credit card = expensive :(
im guilty :(
what??? that can't be good! stomach ulcer maybe, i don't know! :(
huhu fck offrt miss you too zka ;prt "i miss you so much huh :( i need your hug i need your kiss and i miss you crazy
kurang pleasenya amin :)rt god,give me the way for this problem :(
unff, why do i feel like a truck hit me? oh wait, my seasonal allergies are kicking in. :-(
yung topic lang tapos onting explanation. omg sobrang scared talaga ako sakanya :( di ko pa kiniclick yung send button actually=))
lagi stuck di season 1 epi 6 ... :( re: fringe
there was a huge pillow fight in my city last year but i wasn't there :( look! film your so we can see it!hehe
hahaha lame si. disgusting bread. :( "country bread" my arse. it has black raisin and this urm red raisin in them. horribleee!
:( watching a show on the history channel about the trail of tears. right now they're talking about the choctaws. so sad.. :'( 10,000 died.
satnite dirumah pacar sakit :( oooh my
off to homebase :(
