yaahh myriam udh dpet my worlds yaa? iri.. :( haha
"turn right" now. #jonasbrothers, thank you. my two favourite, and most tear-jerking songs come on first. :(
she's a meanie :( « no she's not! too many tweets i guess
ikr! :( she's like so i-don't-care all the time! lol. but it's good that she didn't fall for him when he wanted revenge. :/
it was my dimple he stole :( xx
nlamign now my ubo :(
that's okay. goood :) oh noo that suks arse :( isn't there an internet dropbox on myuni?
hay nku ang init ♥ :(
i thought sooo :( ur making me sad...
i got the golden egg sticker too. . haven't smsed the number yet 'cos my phone's off. . :-(
oh no! you're not ill...again?! : ( get plenty of rest and get better soon; what will i do without you?! : ( xxx
knapa "coming moon" itu selalu membwt sengsara ?? :(
didnt see you :(
uda mnum obat ? pusing mual nih fufu :( sakit apa ? :( sakit :( (cont)
ohnoes :( so sorry to hear that! time for a big scary guard dog...or guard cat?
i optimistucally brought my glecs to g-town only for the sun to disappear as soon as i get on the bus :-(
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
:( bahahahah easter bunny ^.^
what's up :( :( :(
not a single one! :( probably too early in the season, though, copenhagen markets are a lot better than the rural ones!
really crawling the last few miles home :-(
i know i'm so sick and scarredand they want to walk the streets.... :(
why start talking to me when all you're gonna do is bag & tease the shit out of me, huh? go away :(
anyone awake this early? i'm still on paris time :(
all local footy canceled today pretty much due to last nights downpour everyone out on alldayer but i am still trying not to drink :(
i need to get my fat arse off this sofa! it's not like me to vegetate :(
ugrh.. i dunno... :( how are you?
ah now it works, twitters annoying :(
loooool! allow my life! he doesnt even talk to me anymore! sad times! :(
lots of shoutouts but no followers :(
i'm so tired and it is soon going to be 1pm. i shouldnt be awake all night just incase or goes live. :(
oh baby please, don't make me feel so depressed. :(
pretty dann annoying that you can broadcast from your iphone but i can't watch it on mine (flash) :-( anyways: happy shopping!
the day says that he have a girl, that day i will die.. almost.. :(
omg, i am so sorry hun :( <3
i miss my sister!!! :(
i was just relaying what martyn brown said. anyway, here's where i'm from shame i don't live there anymore :(
despite my best efforts, (still, no one beats the hassle goes through) i most likely got 5 shades darker in this trip. eeek!! :(
saturday na :( 1 day na lang and back to school again :o
yes i got listed but i lost 2 followers :(
pretty sunrise as we leave pine island. :(
yeaaahhh! sad right? :(
:-( naked adsl is a complicated product which is never certain until you've had stable connection for few weeks after setup
a7x seems to be a lil' quiet now... :( i wonder what they're up to.
i'm playing hotel 626. damn so scary ! :(
belloom yesha :(
i wanna go shopping! theres so much stuff i want but so little money :( haha. x)
get well soon baby girl and sorry for the tomatoes :(
i second that very muchly :( :(
:( someone else put it on, but it wasn't straight so i tried and now.. bubbles :(
had fabulous girly night in with and hansibebs... was missed tho :(
atm all i need is one of my bestfriends :( so sad |-)</3
ga boleh pulang malem say :(( ikutan aja ;p futsal sayang :( pacarnya kmn ;p
so cute.... i'm so sorry! lost my cat this year. it's always so sad... :-(
looks like it will rain >:( growl :( hates it when i actually wanted to do something!
i have cold hands :(
operation complete! this is how many dvdr/cdrs i'm getting rid of. what a shameful waste. :(
just wanted to say hi my dears .. will be online in the evening :(
can't get in to a/c is it just me? :(
awww :/ i'm sure you'll have plenty of chances in future :) i missed him before :(
i am soooooooooo mentally & physically tired of working 4 this lady :(
i dont wanna fight no more :(
morning twitter headsss up so damn early to go to work :(
yo!!! hahah, maybe we'll get a chance to chat tonight. i miss ya too! :( cant wait to get back on ffe. seriously.
really? how good? goodbye cook -ie :( ..happy digesting..lol!
this was supposed to be an anchor :( oh well imma re-do it again later.
could of taken me with you guys!! dad cant take me today so im missing out :( went a couple years back tho.. enjoy! :) x
you've got my mobile number. keep in touch. (although i've lost my phone so you won't hear from me for a while) :(
tomorrow school :( sucks as usual!
not sure i can use mflow on my linux computer :( boo, didn't realize it was download.
inii lg di sari asih mom :( hikssrt yaaa ampuunnn ke dokter gihhh sayang
when i try mobile blue oasis i get "sorry! we were unable to locate that page. please return to the front page ." :(
heading to work without a voice. i can barely speak and my throat hurts :-(
super lame :(
studio work with cup o coffee. rainy spring. :-(
sooon goin to work :(
rt: me and spotted u before they announced u were here, and u got mobbed during half time, no luck for us :(
1 follower please :(
hahahahahahahhahahaaa...my kingdom does not extend to facebook.. :(
but i don't have any skates to go out in :( the broke years ago
i need to go home :( feel so ill and work just isn't helping, i need to sleep
aaa , tapi kacian yayanyah :( dia emang jelek junk hahaha (cont)
no, it's slowed down to 7 1/2 now :(
shame it's not on this year :(
ya'll crazy! sleep till so late! haha i woke up at 12noon sia, slept at 6am. 失眠 :(
i know :( i want my blackberry back :( haha.
it's hammering down in cardiff :(
i can never sleep in this period that im supposed to be resting in for midnight mass. maaaaaarghhhhhh :(
i hate to see the one i love happy with somebody but i surely hate it more to see the one i love unhappy with me... :(
ajak main gih seems so bored :(
miss you. aaaaarrrrggh... :(
:-( how many dj's wear ear protection whilst playing?
aaahhh dats better lol lool! im lying not doing anything..might go braid my hair..yhh..just that! : (
i wana see clash of the titans soo bad but i work tonite :(
hhe iah mkasih yaa smangadd nin..rt bertanya-tanya akankah long distance berhasil ? :-(
in actual raging at david i mean wtf how can you be this retarded on this day :( d;
where'd you see it? i need it too :(
daritadi gua makanin gorengan :( laper banget sumpah!!!
i hate waking up to an empty house :(
hi fiona, hope you haven't given up on twitter! i'm a supporter of alzheimers & dementia too my mum suffered :( x
ergh, i have another fecking migraine. and i have another hour and a quater left of dancing :(
my besties mean the world to me :) i just wish i'm still gonna see them :( . i love them all there like my family :/ . besties .... goodbye
roflmao whoops .. anyway, home alone .. great, and i swear i just heard a scream :(
waktu aku online dia offline :( #fb
can't come to pancious tonight.sorry bitses :( have fun!
