:( i am going to asylum europe.
transfering all my contacts from my old msn address to my new one...gonna take me bloody ages :( xx
but they're so alluring. :(
i can't i'm on my phone, sorry :( x
yaampun, knp putus? (jadi ikut sedih gue :( ) aku putus tar :'( iyaah apaa bells? (cont)
i think thats impossible :( couse i got a cold, my voice its not okay
loool, awhh i gotta go now :( but ill talk to you tomorrooow k :)
yessss :( and i hope somethin opens soo sheesh
my weekends going great what about yourrs ??? i dont have any eggs yet :( ,hope you have a good easter,loveyou xxxx
oh god, that's awful! i hope it's just because of the irritation from being sick! :(
still can't find my bloody ipod :(
ho oh haha . doain byk doa ya nak (?)rt ketinggal rumah payung ny :( haha
going thru wedding vendors to see what i could cancel to have money for an ipad. :(
oehh, i would like to get a apple ipad , but to expensive i think :( ..
iyaaaaaa nih hidup gue suram banget con :( oala nyokap toh
u'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier to do.(via@shhdragon)

ie found the (?)potato/mouse?
i do :(
;)
i had to buy my own egg :( no one loves me marviee! <3
i lost two followers :(
laper... please, feed me... :(
i think my stomach sick. cause everytime after eating, i would feel like vomiting. :( even the nicest smell will turn into the most smelly~
baybee :(
fucking stop it man! damn irritated when i am in this mood!!! please stooop la :(
katanya clash of the titans mirip percy jackson? =.= gyaaah, pengen lyad logan lerman maeen :(
mood level down :(
nope, starts 16th this month :(
i can feel it its almost a tt #welovesteph hopefully.. im gettiing tired :(
oh poor you :(
a long shift ahead of me, but the last one ever working with my dear friend! :( we'll make it memorable!
why do you start tweeting when i go and have my lunch lol stop trying to avoid me :(
ugh trying to get front tix to see you in va. not having any luck :( want show you what some white chocolate can do w/ slowdance
please let it be a joke :( #alwayskeepthefaith
still mid move :( but it's going well. we were filling the van at 11 last night
you really do support chelsea. sad sad times :(
omg muscle ache everywhere after 5 consecutive days of clinicals :(
jeggins are in the wash :( had to wear my soft bottoms ^_^ urh!
i hate blocked nose.. help me please.. :(
kay, can really imagine that! it was torture to come out the theatre and not be able to talk about it... but poor hon!! : (
say goodbye :(
too tired :( hurry up home time.
ugh, why do i always wake up early? :( haha.
mum said i can't come :(
never got to see it yesterday, as it was closed & we left today :-( been walking in wales/seeing a castle & saw it on the map.
aww :( pfft some people :l i just don't play it cause i'm like always on twitter :l lmao xx
good morning my twitter sweethearts how is every1? as usual i could nvr sleep in :-( dahh well
#jedwardeaster its so lame i cant have a jedward egg :(
sula & are really making me miss my grandma..... :(
haven't skyped with for some time. i miss her :(
hug hope that its the end of the shit mr :( you need some nice stuff to happen
hoahm. in the end the charts no more amazing. top 3 : slipknot, linkin park, rev theory. all r mellow :(
i spent 180 bucks on new specs and zeeyon said they are 5 dollar specs :(
the alcohol pixies woke me up. going to have a little nap now as going out again tonight. :(
just as i got so well playing a playstation1 game my psp crashed :( first time ever grrrr
ym please :(
the chicks are invading f1! lol i want one! :(
im going on holiday from mon fri thats a whole 5 days without and my little jedlings :(
