it does look a bit less professional... and a person at an event did make fun of my sticker mic flag once :(
we o we, wowrt #nowplaying my heart- acha n irwansyah :(
wes mari haha lho oleh2 ku manaaaaaa uwes tam, cepet yoo :( lho udah pulang?
i'm fine...a little bit tired though cuz ive a lot of exams :(
feels like sunday : ( damn confusing weekend!
been stuffed with cold for a couple of days now. hacking cough and blocked nose. hoping it passes soon! :(
depression has arrived :(
next week exams... :(
haha what you like what season are you on and omg there makin a 6th season but its gonna be the last :(
thanks for not saying hi back ! :-(
aww thats not a good feeling to have :( *hug* i hope nicola is happy with her 2 pugs now though :) haha
ha ha.. that's alright hon.. it looks so cool .. i've always wanted one of damon but get told off because of my name :(
that hero needs to get his ass to the kitchen and make food. now! that's what i have him for. he knows i can't cook! :(
and im just a salesgirl who owns a blogshop :(
there's a problem with windows presentation foundation, it doesn't support lossless h.264 videos! please fix immediately :(
i also feel a bit lonely ! my mate just went to senegal :(
just listened to podcast....next week will there be nothing...or a best of? anything? :(
replay replay :(
but you left :(
i feel ugly. :(
mine is not really bad, but it isn't good! (sorry i don't want to be a show-off :( )
my oreos always broke before i dip them in :(
:( gimana dong? hahart me toort headache -,-
watching up xd the beggining is so sad :(
grrrrr, i don't know what my pc has on it's mind now. shall i change 2 laptop or what?! the one i have is also sony :(
sedih gila!! :( finally.. remember me now ps..
not good ! damn pain :(
arrrggghh i wanna watch football. :(
i love <3 .... i want his rix so bad but i dont have the $ for them :(
:( was really nice like an hour ago
1 more day. then no work. and no laptop :( and was told i will get my pay the 22nd of the month wtf no money till then. oh well
yeah but i don't wanna leave you i feel bad? :(
awww :( mine are real bad too. you shoulda seen me the other day, i took my glasses off the other day to take my makeup off..
awww :( me too, who're you thinking of
no east ham! not a million miles from you guys. my day is booked :-( week after next as i have robin hood tax day of action next sat!
thinks his acer 5160z has had it dodgy power port. damn it was a pretty nice laptop too :(
tiara or maow !? :o shocks. which onee ?! :(
other 1/2 bought me daffodils :-) but forgot to tell me :-( hopefully i was not too late to rescue them!
lg terjebak kebingungan bnyk acara at the same time,yg mana duluan yah?? duga batal smuanya krn jam sgini sy msh drmh dan blm ngapa2in :(
what anchor? what boat? im sorry ok..i dont have an excuse,im sorry :( how can i win you back d:
had the worst dream ever :(
need help...dont know what to do my world is going down in front of my face and i dont know how to stoped :(
i been breaking it down for you baby... been running arounnnd and still no love for meee... somebody #rescueme :(
#alwayskeepthefaith my god from east :(
yeah, people lost their minds :(
iphone battery is down :-( can't tweet, #pocc
back from greenhills. i hate you, headache. :(
l-o-n-g rehearsal today!ahhhh!!!!my throat hurts :(
i have to work over the holidays, i have exams when i go back :(
capos are really expensive now aren't they :(
