awww mann :( is it cold?
rtrtrtrt if not now,then when? :(
im cold -___- no ones here to warm me up :(
slurping on our ice cold slurpee. i always feel fat when i'm out with :(
not entirely sure where i'm going wrong haha :( how are you this morning? xx
hey fb just bashed brother's daughter. she was screaming for help but .. my bad, i wasn't there to help her. :(
ahhhhh wow . good plan . it's like 10:46 am here. geeze its way to early :( x
in the words of a certain mon calamari: "it's a trap!". ep 5 on the itunes store = clip show :(
people rt'd that? :(
i just realized im turning 20 this year, next year 21 and then 47 after that. im getting old :(
my lil baby throwing up :(
oh heng ah. i thought why so soon~ hahaha. its gonna be single digit soon :(
:( awww n lmao they did tht 2 my grans card os i used it haha & lmao im worse than a lil kid christmas xxxx
what do i have to doo , to get matt to tweet me :(
acid reflux sucks! my poor son got sick in his sleep at 3 am. ugh. i thought things were gettin better... apparently i thought wrong :(
i'm stuck at home babee :(
in the most useless lecture ever, community medicine :(
copper is away to birghim getting his hair all cut off :o:o :( xx
i ran out of hairsprray :( so i raided my room and found this other can thatis amazing
i really want that film to come out in the uk, but it has no uk release date, which absolutely sucks :(
tired to thinking abnout you :(
nahh , not tonight . iwas tryin' to get out , but nobody was on anything . ineed somebody to come cupcake w| me . :( lol
aaaa twitter is so slow.... why are you so slow honey? :(
what's the matter? :(
ah cool! i do to but hardly do it :( x
awwh. :( my dad gets his security license in like 3 weeks. when he does he can get concerts and get me and my friends >>
anas ma pucing,, :( kyae kecapaianx deh,, atit apah ? uda mik obat ? atu atit :(
amira just cheated on syed after a month of marriage, where is the justice in this storyline please? :(
why people unfollow me!? :( monsters i love you all,don't leave me! please!
my head. :(
otw to the funeral now. :(
rip back of ma phone :( what ama gonny doooo! also ma bags floatin wi cider it stinksssss :( xx
i'm sick and not looking forward to going to work right now in the germ box. :-(
:( you ok? x
you think lady gaga is better than britney spears?! :(
great, got an hour long train ride standing up all the way :(
in pain :( i think i just fucked up my hand
arhhhhh, #welovesteph shes a belieber going through a struggleee, :(
mom's using the laptop :| boohoo.. :(
that is crazy they traveled that far. i preordered and shipped to house. a bit nervous looking at tracking numbers :(
my mood isn't good, because our holidays are short. :(
one is the loneliest number :(
semakin mendekati waktu ujian godaan semakin banyak yaaaaa :( :( :(
anyway i just left and i'm suffocated by the crowd in town alone :( have fun at work flojia i love you all <3
i want to watch remember me because of emilie de ravin, but i do not want to look at robert pattinson all movie :( i love emilie
i'm very fat, hope me thin... :(
phew, i'm sorry... :( i really wanted to do it well...hahah.
sayende ruh halim berbat :(
naw u guys are mean u wont come tinychat with me and bradie webb :(
let's say something fuckt up, but true! i'm kind of sexy... right? right? right!? ... damn you guys. :( #godmorgon
meet at glenfield at 8am. i think it's gonna rain wed :(
-.- i thought he was afraid of lifts! :(
my eyes are really sore this morning and i don't know why :-(
eh eh 9 followers lagi dong biar genap please :(
goodbye twitter, it's been nice knowing ya ... «-- :( don't go .
tadi yang teman sensib :(
where are you? :(
waiting for new tyres and tracking to be sorted again. rears on a bmw more expensive than fronts! doh. :( cars. biggest expense.
gue bete daiii ?? :(
i just nearly fainted and i never thought it would be so scary! i went like temporarily blind & deaf & i felt heavy while i was walking! :(
i haven't got the back for the controller to let me use batteries :( next time i come home i shall be prepared!
dear tummy, i'm sorry for stuffing all these crap into you. you must be working very hard to digest 'em now. i'm so sorry :(
ugghh...again..headache....hm..whats wrong with me?!?!... :(
#wwe dx is no more :(
i hate unwrapping the tight plastic on cds. i'm afraid i'd rip or crush the packaging :(
lool allow her,just go, i will speak to u in a bit yh i am at work now :(
i go watch movie... and what were you doing there with ahem ? :(
.. man your hott (; i wish you'd follow me :( xx <3333
back in sg with a fatter body :(
if you think should go to your country :(
is off to a&e .... can't walk without feeling sick... think i might have broken something in my foot :( stupid eager love of post.
ok gtg out again :( so hot!!
what would i give if i could just go for a walk without my crutches right now. i so need to get back to walking :/ 4-5 weeks remaining :(
argh. .cramping :(
i've been up since 4. :(
ugh, i wanted to go see the falls :(
ya m7amad feeh aih? .. i hate when i feel like this :( la tgool halklam b positive o enshalla u'll achieve all ur goals ;)
power out again.... just as i start watching armageddon :(
hamilton 20th place, also ferrari gone bad with 19 and 21 place... :(
nope :( he's called ray somethingorother. he has spectacles and nice slippers :)
twitter is playing up :(
ooh i kove baci! they re fabulous! wish they sold them in this country :-(
bank holiday weekend, filled with uni work! jesus would want me to be partying... not working :( xx
yeah :( they are so good though!
kuch nhi bhai. boaring :(
f she does! den it wud b interesting to c their chemistry. but sad dat its gonna b aired jus once in a week! :-(
ok thanks... will give it a go n let you know! i know that wine gives sooo many dishes that 'edge' but not an option for us :(
one away win all season haha :( but we've lost to bristol city & donny at home recently, & now have newcastle there today! yay!
great, i used to be a flyer too but then i accidentally broke my arm, mmh its about 4/5 months ago :(
such a funny night. i wiiiish amanda didnt have to go back :(
low beett :(
iya alhamdulillah gpp.. itu liat aja fotonya penyok dpan belakang :( yampun, (cont)
sorry i didn't read in time :(
just cause 2 is so awesome i forgot to blink and now i have an eye infection. :( it's still awesome though!
need my doctor :(
so im only going to be seeing 2 people in sydney for justins performance?! what a let down for jb :( who else is going to sydney!?!?!
are there any cbt courses available online or residential courses in n wales? i live in the middle of nowhere and don't drive :-(
kayak nya remember me bagus dh . mau nntn :(
thats right! but my fave isn't in f1 anymore :( he wasn't even a driver but felt near 100% affinity with him!
if anyone hears of any us flights sales, even in the uk let me know! cant justify €800 for a weeks trip to chicago! :(
woke up at 7pm and now i can't sleep :(
foam party was amusing,i've had about 2 hours sleep and have a dodgy tum from nandos can only consume liquids :( happy saturday all!!
bad whether :(
has got nothing to do today... :| i suppose i could look forward to work?? naaaah, i need some money :( me poor now
:( last day of summer.. and all i have to say is.. goodtimes!!
no finnder please dont crash now :(
why bother pretending? liverpool won't win, so i don't care :-(
i like how all my friends are not picking up the phone when i need them :(
i so need my flu pills rite now.. :(
last day at jogjaa :(
yea! i really hope shinee will, always, be number one~ :(
i knw i hate cold weather :(
please reply to me + u hardly do anymore :( we love you loaads :) ♥ + we have a crush on u;) haha #crushmay10th xxxx
my cell is out of n/w since ystday, is idea n/w down in mumbai ? (kya hua sirjii) or my cell needs a break :(
work at claremont thurs nights :( lame.
had a horrible dream! i can't believe it :(
i'm still really sorry :(
couldnt be arsed to do my paper round this morning tbh :(
i desperately need to eat :(
pldt!! urghh. :( i don't have internet again in my room. thank god, my dad's using other dsl/broadband in his pc. 4g something.
