rabbits have eaten some of my new plants already :(
essay! soalnya essay atau option?rt wiihhhhhhh.., enak bgt.., :(
on my on eyes, seeing someone killed his self :( innalliah
kmt. low battery :(
thankyouu ♥ theyll never tweet me tho :(
i know!!! :( xx
looool :( btw im going london 2nite for 2 weeks,how long will it take 4 me to get an oyster card ?
have a great time at the beach much too cold for beach adventures here. :(
aise he :(...bethey bethey dltd it...now i miss it :(
ohhh and you should feel priveleged, cos my 1000th tweet was to you...i didnt mean to do that :(
i have to be really quite during the most important game of the season :(
indeed :(
ok! apparently, the (now tamper-proof) sticker that put on thier bluray discs prevents any bluray player from playing them! :-(
just got home from zambales! i miss the beach already :(
i told you about them on the phone stupid drunkenness : (
i think i flashed the postman this morning. :(
so you have to wait a while before your next birthday :( how old are you (i didn't ask that, did i?)
i know :(
#alwayskeepthefaith :( <3
off to work :( possibly out tonight? hmm..
twitter.com is kind of irritating now. you have to keep clicking "more". at my grandma's house. comp = no tweetdeck = twitter.com = sucks :(
okay i shall not do the cover :) my reply is no :(
photo: mightywordswhisper: ikr :(
my eyes change from green to brown so easily :( go back please.
oh... i hate unfollower :(
pingin nonton disney on ice, tapi rawan ulangan :s damn! i hate :(
best rock band ; good music not just 'rock' : echoes the fall!!!! bloodline! ada yang udah punya albumnya? gw baru download aja sih :(
i cant see the video :(
i get big problem !! oh god , please help me !!!! :( hiks
yeah me too!!! :( exactly. omg diligent girl .....!!! i was watching tv hahahaha.
thank god both. if not kena gi buat balancing & allignment jugak kot i didn't ask..think she meant both la.. :(
ok..when i said i was sleeping in today.. 7 wasn't what i had in mind.. ughh :(
i want you! :(
with at home. tired. errands ku alum siap :(
aw, i'm so sorry! that's an awful allergy to have. :(
okee iya bdg? rumah :( lg dmn lo? mager ,cabut kemana ya?
i'm still p.o.'d rob is gone. :-( they say evrybdy loves a winner, which russell seems 2 b right now, but i want him gone!
mention not! ma pleasure! :) ::: ^^^ thanx 4 pulling my leg :(
i miss :(
#alwayskeepthefaith :( <3
i do not like it too. :( well, i'm now here. :]]
fraid so. :-(
anyone got ct jazz fest tickets? computicket is sold out. :(
i wish i was :(
yeah i'm the same! i like seeing lois&clark happy together but i still don't like chloe&oliver =/ they seem serious aswell :(
photo: kobe: “god, it’s like taking out a 200+ pound bag of spanish garbage.” pau: :-( kobe: “i’m just...
every possible thought is running through my head right now... i don't know what to do anymore :(
photo: sweettooooth: :(
stared my 7 hour shift :(
i'm just chillin rite now. searchin my boyfriend lmao. his fone is dead and nobody knows where he's at rite now :(
todo: less coding, more db rebuild :(
oh, yes... u actually missed sth :( rick did a ustream live feed about 11 hrs ago! twas amazing! no video saved though
oh thank u!!, :( tomorrow 4/4 my bday :"(((((( it's crazzy here! i shd celebrate!! :(((
i'm crying. :(
sania mirza -> another tweet with just sania's name.. damn ur so slow :(
"sliding through a closing door at the last second" i did that on the tube in london xd it hurt me! :(
i was going to text you at 10 to wake you up but then i felt mean so i didnt. :( sorry!
watching camp rock, reminds me of miss her :(
pingin nonton disney on ice, tapi rawan ulangan :s damn! i hate :(
and then, when i was nearly asleep, a fly attacked me. it flew really close to my ear, and the buzz was so loud, and i like jumped up. :(
haha yeah it was amazing!! can't believe you missed it >:( and btw, my birthday is on the 20th lol english paper 2 mock :(
yaudahlaah, gua minta yang lain ajaa :( males agh~ eh tweeps re-add bbm gua dong, please! 210c51a8. thanks
loool! i knw!! :( silly blackberry!!«truss it 2 be a blackberry!
sorry, i'm not in the mood :(
miss k' dtg lg manado. miss my nezindahood...@gitgitcha@raisacorinaw@gwdancer@eerdnas n yang ga exist in twitter world!! :(
i need some followers :( to have very many :\
why is lecture in technique architecture/engineering is so very hard , i'm so very tired with much and hard task ! hufffff :(
ugh these damn braxton-hicks contractions r hell....ima try n get more sleep :(
mkanha..syng bgt..dpnnha retak gtu :( woooo syng bgt ahaha my bro broken my fearless cd
:( what happen to kpop world this day? always bad news. :(((
but not kickass day. :(
omg ur so lucky, my dream doesnt seem to be coming true. i wish i could be were u are right now :(
iknoww right!!! we always miss them :( especially scooters
naaaafings going down :( wasss happening with you?
haha hho yah telat :(
i'm cold. i had to unstuff my window last week, so cold air comes in now :( and i don't like sharing blankets.
oh no, it doesn't work for my os.. got windows7 here.. but its for mac o.s only :(
i have many times tried to tweet you, but until now none of the replies from you :(
it is not a good thing :(
i want to stop sneezing :( it's really annoying me now :( x
full of cold :( didn't get any sleep :( feel like crap :( no games to play :( but at least i'm not at work :/
being extremely boring in my room :(
well broken hill kinda sucks right now .. hmm nothing to do :( ever!!
i just got on the train & i already miss & :-(
not the best day to some friends after this sad news. :( #kpop #dbsk to stop activities
nope :( you been england?
london paris hammersmith- one more time please? :( x
i need one more follower :( help?
really wants a subway :(
fukn hell i hate this game on pokemon-friken voltorb flip its so addictive but i always lose :(
ahahah it'll be funn :) lmao i dont even know if i can enter :(
chat with meeee :(
sorry if i was into ur personal stuffs :(
at least you only have a couple of presentations to do, not 5000 word thingy followed by a grilling :(
yo yo yo. ironing all day today :(
fuck off weather. your not making me feel any better about myself or my decision to go out tonight :-(
can't find it on spotify :(
hwaiting, cassies! remember that if we're hurting.. the boys are probably feeling much much worse. :( #alwayskeepthefaith
oh dear :( i got a be for german :l. fagbag teacher.
oh, darn it. i ate prawn. anyway, wna try prawn fishing :(
yea scooter did go live :(
essay.., tega bgt sh.., :(
aku ga disms :( bales sms gue donng.thankss :b
12 hours til i can eat sweets! so excited! 40 days and nights gra long time! :(
aaaa jahat :( beli sendiri mauuuuu he eh, lagi beli cupcakes nih. want sum?
woohoo i get to watch clash of the titans today. but not until way later :( because i am the only one up this early.....
#alwayskeepthefaith you will have that restaurant one day :( xd
i'm missing you :(
me, am finished with my part. but it's kinda crappy. :(
lol sorry, omg you shudda taken a picture!! :( hang on your back on twitter!?
yeah sadly :( howz studies anyway?
thank you, catherina! i miss you too :(
wow! wanna come home now!!!!! :(
i love drinking too but i'm scared about drinking tonight :( it's been 1 week. x x x
haha the day after tomorrow, i have to go to school. gaaaaah still love my holiday :(
why can't i reboot my bb :(
death cramp. f'n hate today already :(
pau's status "how can we call it a community when people have their own cliques and leave others ostracized? " :(
but it's always like that when adam or joe are in the house. we'd just forgotten :(
sama dong aku jg selasa besok uda mulai mid :( ntar doong,liat jdwl dl,mnggu ini dket2 mid smtr ;(rt
if i dont pick up your call or reply your bbm,pls understand :(
tell me if your not happy with me :( :'(
almost gave me a heartattack when i didn't see his name :o :( and yeah i know, its hard narrowing favs down
ahh i swear i threw my back out... cant sleep :(
need a shower! :(
follow & tweer her up, she's not feeling very well :( boooo!< awwrhh (: thankyouu darlingg *sniffless* xx
i don't know what to wear! :(
sent for repair, wednesday then can get back! :(
thenameheloves: am dying already just when i heard the news :(
the injury to my glasses at the marilyn manson concert have finally come back to haunt me. my glasses are broke. :( i am blind.
taking my #sv650 to it's new owner :(
nnt qt crta dimdo ne say wht hppnd? sometimes life is unfair. i feel it now.. god, help me :(
i'm so terribly sunburnt i can't stop scratching and it ends up bleeding. :( worse thing is, i got burnt in just 30 minutes.
i'm fed up now :(
n'awwww whens ur birthday, :(
omgggg we actually couldn't be further away :( i'm so happy katie let me use her phoneeeee :) xx
