i wish i cud love :(
its raining :( off shopping with family-im going to get soaked
all the talk about the ipad :(
spending most ov my day reading.. :(
i slept from 11:00-2:00am and haven't gone to sleep since :( thank god for youtube.
lyndseeeys laughing at me hitting myself in the face with a door :(
my fringe looook super de...... :(
msn is annoyin me ryt now, it wont sign in !!! :(
they are so bad without lc :( and this is the last season now :'( i need your bbpin hehe! daddy bought me a bb xx
i'ma be cold... i wanna open the window b4 i throw up from the smell of dirty locker room nuts... :(
yeah :( life sucks
gue kangen lo :( #lifesecret
aswdasflhsf awhat about me :( /is tottalllllllllllly devoooostated
^^^ thanx 4 pulling my leg :(
the top part was advice ! i cant post that but haha fuck you :( its pissing me off
omg :( still up under the dryer! this ish is pure hell!
hellooo how are u? and awww i want a nephew or a nieace :( lol x
the weather is confusing my brain :(
wow. idk what to take next year. :(
just finished watching that hour long match between john cena and shawn michaels...wow i forgot how amazing that match was! i miss shawn : (
i like it. but i just have so much to do at home. i take care of my old mom, she's a 24/7 job :(
you are a horrid tease. sucks to be missing it. :(
gosh, where is today??? i'm missing him :(
trust me i live in da uk it sux all da gd things happen in america nd canada :(
oh. i'm so sorryyyyyy :(
nope sorry .. :(
leaving a bit later today than planned cause my headphone jack is messed up andmy appointment is at 3:15 :(
rip blake carrington :(
fuck yeah. got it recording as i'll still be en route from work :(
receive a complain from patient today.
direct to service quality :(
don't count on it :(
sleep would be nice right now :(
bleh, cleaning my room :(
aku ga sempat beli oleh2 bt kalian, pardon :( dll
i'v got a headache + 99 things on my mind :( wats matter?
reading the last song. saddest book of life. :( love it though!
it's a shame that my personal caretaker isn't going to be there :( but it's okay... can't believe jay's not coming either :( nooo :(
me neither, it sucks! :(
ketawa saludd saudara gw penghayatan nari pirirngnyart abis opi ngetawain gw mulu :( ur (cont)
wireless won't work :(
i want to go swimming. :(
nt in mood. :(
hahahahaha!! okayy okayy..but right now..im doin some packin while tweetin ;) so sowee for late replies :(
randomly caught a cold today :( hoping this magically goes by 7am monday morning!
dbsk stopping their group activities :(
wtf! jamie was at my grandas party last night :(
he has a tumor on his lung, the doctor is pretty sure it's vicious but he has to go to the hospital next week :(
.... ???something wrong wonbin-ssi??do not b sad..cause later we are sad too :(
so fucking down! i've only been to disneyland like 2 times :( when i was 5 and when i was 13. so i never really enjoyed it lol
just waked into new look and i got a feeling comes on, i actually cant be dealing with this right now! :(
ia saya tau :( yeayyeay aku rame2 doongggg hahahha
heads banging :( cant wait for 2 weeks though !!
still trying to call... phone not ringing ... :(
takde mood lah :-(
really wants to see on tour but can't because they aren't doing anything near to devon. guts. :(
see i'm not that evil like maybe the other pages might think :( hehehe equal opportunist!
:(
feels so down :( i dunno what to do without you!
