:( ok then how?
sorry my sis thought i was single im taken sorry miles :(
i'm kinda in the same boat... it sucks. :(
we just left :( now at pvj going to perform at fossil's new branch opening :) anyone is bandung coming to watch?
aww :( why do you need medication?
me too :(
yes its a new account i tried late last night and again this morning. :(
2 more ep of glee and then finish :( and i hate sue...go die you cow haha
whats it called when theres two opposite words together? like bitter sweet? and fattily thinily? bryan cant remember :(
ah om adrie, atl aja di retweet. owl city ngga :(
boseeeeeen :(
my throat hurts really bad. i can't drink water and swallow saliva, it hurts so so bad. now, i want vanilla ice cream :(
same here :( shit. i'm so screwed for mocks. haha. i don't know why i don't care anymore. man.
#nowplaying mj on the line, brings back soo much :(
i'll miss you to babe :(
:-( i missed it. huzzah for bravo +1!
photo: businessofmisery: aww. juno :(
sy pake twixtreme .lifestyle pake ubertwit kaya taek ! :( so bs toh?
gm have a good day. see u when i get back.--> tanky, stister! chu gonna do? :-(
i'll keep u posted :( x
got chores to do... :(
missed my 400 tweet :( x
sakit uloooooooooooooooow! :(
#superfail ie8 :-( i agree ie 8
have hardly slept any at all tonight. :( i wish i could just go to sleep.
i woke up to i'm going to die :(
aaa kamu appear off :( rpt aku sapa msn gak nyauut, fufufufu
i know. man so devo too. i might go in a corner and cry then die now. :(
omg they sell the spao t-shirts in tb :(
haha :) that's made me laugh! my uncles picking on me this morning :(
it's hard for me that i don't can stay on her side when she must through these bad times again and again. i'm sorry :(
in a queue 900 miles long because mr postie couldn't be bothered to deliver my packet (which apparently didn't fit in my letterbox!) grrr :(
booxiuyi in the morning so sunny then now raining! :( where is my big sunshine?
im up earlyyyy :(
just getting in from work..... i'm beyond tired!! :( :( and i have to back at work at 11am :( goodnight.
if u will cry if really does have a girlfriend :(
headache :(
desperate. :| i am desperately looking at my inbox panel in formspring. :(
or y i fought with sex :( . i think i have no boyfriend now .....
you don't like it. :(
navjot s is live on both set max and times now. epic :(
why do people keep unfollowing ? :( refollow her please. i'll give u 2 massive shouties and dm jb 10 time 4 u. tell me
awwwww, i'd send you some if i knew where you lived and all :( why no choccies?
wish i could go to sleep :( take my mind off some things.
i cant believe i have to go a whole month without .. :(
was holding scissors and slipped so now my nail has split in half :( ow.
i think i've used too much frizz tamer. i look as though my head's been dunked in oil :-( #hairparanoia
am gutted that i will be working hard when new doctor who is on tonight :(
i miss you joey ... :(
iyart futsal ga dhil? please try to think of myself :(
v v tired. but i don't wanna go home. :(
everything keeps on dying on me! first my phone, now my macbook! :(
taco bell by my house was closed already :( just got a grilled cheese burger from carlos jr.
if u will cry if really does have a girlfriend :(
yep, saturday night here in australia... nothing better to do. :( #jibcon
and dumbledore`s too.. :(
i have a new hair cut and it sucks :(
awh :( god that sucks!
la mn ygul she's just your mother! btw i love ur pic on bbm :(
just finishd watcn king kong on sky movies greats sooo sad at the end :(
rock cakes!!! loved it! graduating soon so no more fuse for me unfortunately :( xx
.bored until the max :(
morning every1! x » morning homie, u gd<i'm ill!!! i feel awful!!! :(
gw dah dijalan nih smpe parung, tunggu ya me and baby k miss our :( knp dia sibuk sendiri??? why??? kembalikan mada
:( oh dear!! at least he's up though :) have fun hooking ducks x
swear down you lot are playing chelsea! fack! i should be there to watch my team win!!! :(
aw, you've not had much luck with illness lately amy :( hope you feel better soon lovey!
as i feared, i failed putting on the lcd protective cover on my ipod nano. bubbles :-(
woke my baby up for work...now i can't go back to sleep. grrrr : (
have you followed me? :( can i get a follow from you?
bilang mau, bilang mau :( pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeee :((
bloody alarm clock just crashed onto my foot. so pain :(
still feel sick from last night :( im actually so unfit:(
follow follow folow follow dong ! please :(
confused of what ? thx for not forgetting me,i guess ppl here is forgetting me already :(
dad wants me to go work with him, then mam wants me to babysit tonight..i told them i cant, but i still have to babysit :(
why is there always football on when i go to work. traffic will be stationary gonna take me 4 hours to get there :(
lool what's the red flag? « o_o bloodz! red bandana! bandana in my right pocket, soooooo woooooo!!! :(
rough morning :( alarm clock didn't go off but i still managed to get to work on time, damn this morning shift
i am going home now i want to bath and sleep,i caught 3hrs of slp only very tired :(
computers are still stooooopid though :(
liniee..knp??kesepian knp?aby'nya kmn?rt sdg merasa kesepian beiibii :( hehe, miicuuu methkuh why bebii whyy?
correcting perspective in anciente buildings is a pain, they where no staight lines to begin with :(
need holiday, not monday :(
yuhh. =)) aww. :( hindi kami happy sa harap kami. :| i got stepped on and my friend fainted. ampepe ng katabi namin, eh. 8-|
misses you, handsome :(
play ps3 at home by myself ,and i am not good at it sad :(
yep. fight fight. kau tk suke eh? and syafiqah, delete the pic of me with the prawn :(
haha! you mean it doesnt look big? i sort of flatten it becos i slept facing down on the bed. :(
hi olly! do you still have the teddy and fanmail i gave you? hope your okay.. miss you :( much love beautiful xxxxx
there is no reason for me to be awake right now :(
d: woahh, indeeddd! shame muchh :( i miss you too <3
6:30 comes early :( work again today, i'll be home before 4. well that is what my dad said. painting the jacksboro post office :)
aaaah :( ive fucked everything up with everyone. gonna give up drinking for a while, seems to ruin everything! succch a fooool.
8 hours in the car today with dad, crumbs on the seats! :(
if u will cry if really does have a girlfriend :(
aw!! i miss post-work zero degrees :( home on 26th though, please come and play??? x
ugh fml :(
my pc's monitor has been damaged. currently using my father's netbook. its so frustrating. :(
ie8 or chrome both are at par #superfail ie8 :-( ie 8
early learning centerr. its not all playing with toys thoo sadly :(
too sentimental now...missing many people. :(
i haven't played 360 in weeks...i need to get batteries for my controller :(
cannot believe that a week ago, this was the middle of the cebu trip :(
emg kpn keputusannya keluar omi? noizumi i think it's over 4 tvxq... :(
we didn't talk in ages.. we used to talk so much and now we never do. :( i miss that..
my cat is meowing sadly and growling at the window i hope some creep isn't in our backyard :(
i just started about few minutes ago. hahaha. im watching s3. the links for s1&2 at the site i go to are already dead :(
its true! i did shave my face! i feel so naked now. :(
pengen ntn clash of the titans :(
starting to feel pain and its nowhere near panadol time :(
clone navjot s is live on both set max and times now. epic :(
just get on with life :(
wishes that the media and news in sioux falls was actually... media and news :(
wake up to find myself covered in bruises :( so sore :(
i know right ! :( i heard it off some of the gossip news channels on youtube lol.
my wisdom teeth we're killing me at the beginning of the week :( i hate being so wise!
eww. horse saddle polish all over my hands :( that's gonna take a while to get off
argh come onlinee!! ''/ tweet follow anything. we all miss you :(
head.hurts.true :( why did i go out all day and night..
i can't find my phone :(
my granny & my cousin have got an iphone and ipod touch, i just have ipod touch :(
