check omonatheydidnt~ apparently they are pausing their japan activities :(
uhum... what about me :(
ugh my knee is still fucking hurting me :( i walk like a granny darn it
hmm.. i lost a follower :(
getting ready for work. i wanna stay in my bed 4 a while but let me get up :(
i always want to share my bed with someone :(
chato esse jason :( aushuashu
its not fair that i have this headache :( maybe i need more sleep
hahahahahahahaha! madness!! imma just have to suck it in and make food here :( how is ur phuza vac? lol to it is
soak it up! i miss those times of no work :(
i just rejected from my mum :( "hey mum are you doing anything today" "no" "oh wanna do something-we havnt hang out since xmas" "not really"
ugh, i got a headache :(
makjah's going to usa this june. :( daym. byk jua ku bkirim arh urg blayar ni. i want miu mius'! :(
your pictures made my day! i'm also trying not to cry of homesickness. :(
j2 you should stop complaining about hugs. all your photos look like manipulations! :(
:( he is/was so nice. and very very fucking attractive xd
quite a lot of hail on my walk. now i'm damp and cold :(
i know right... i was like nearly depresive when i woke up.. :(
yh dont worry we'll grab dat b4 i go up to uni! im not feelin well :(
arghh my throat is killing me :-(
the past 2 nights, headaches due to ear infection from swimming! :( hope not tomorrow, got 1 more parade and wanna take iasi 2 the fireworks
how are you doing? haven't chatted to ya in awhile :(
hahaha. im just kidding! dammit! im not on in twitter when it was randy's birthday! :(
good morning world! back on my work flex :( pray 4 me //me too girl! banking is hard work
wonder if mi #twittamommy up :-(
:( taxi tell me he don't know where i wanna go -_-"do not belive laew
jerawat gueeeeeeeeeee :(
anyone else feel like possible vomcano eruptions? :(
still waiting :(
my brother and sister are going to see nany mcfee at 3 somthing pm but doctor whos at 6:20pm. i might miss it if i go :0 :(
had a nightmarem so im up :( watching tv
i think ipads are sold out (from pre-orders) until next week. :(
nahh jz a song in my rehearsal. we discussed meaning n its really sad after all. :(
telfon atuh cuma sms ke mupida yg pending. what the... :(
ohhmyygod.. i already miss you bang :(
me too :3rt how to fix it? i hate heartache :(
plz #rescue beautiful tripawd #plotthound flatfoot #mullins #sc been n shltr 2 long : ( plz
ia mereka putus :(
cepetan follow nih ~» 6followers lagi dong :(
but yes yesterday i was throwin a baseball in the air && it straight hit me in my nose : (
awww u serious :( dt sucks wud cum out wid u bt gt dis family party 2 go 2!!
scummy chelsea pricks :-(
no one tweets me, i'm bored :(
bye bye bye tweety :(
nothin much.. jus a lazy day today with a killer headache!! other than that vacation's goin pretty good.. too bad time is flying :(
i kept wkts & opened. my score was 4, 4, 1 runout takng the 2nd! 3 balls... :(
otm clash of the titans pvj :) :(
going interchange now; but it's raining!!! :(
parra boys, pick up your game!! it just might be a long season :( let's hope not! #there'sstilltime!
hah? jangan dooong :( kan sayang udh 2 bulan if you want me to ended my relationship :'(
please be getting some. because i am damn sure not! :(
mmmmmm no because it still means im going to be beasted. :(
have fun :) and no :( xx
itulah obsesi sist. menyakitkan hati. :-( kita lm2 melas bgt ye sis. iya sist. kpan bsa memandang dkat.
brgkt bsk siang mbak :-( heh, sido nonton kick ?
where can i get lagavulin in malaysia?? dutyfree stores don't have them :(
is in dubai !!!! i love my sis ! and where is the producer in dubai ? i dont remember what is his twitter :(
i'm going home. nausea. i'm sorry god, i'll be back tomorrow. :(
poor u. thats why i don't touch chocolate :( must. resist. temptation. ate half galaxy easter egg yest. migraine brewing. yurgh
really want to watch alice, :( but with whooo ?
i wanna go hom but my dad still watchin red shirt's news . that's suckkk :(
just want to download some 's videos but it takes too long times when my net going slowly :(
family arguments not the best place to be :(
