twilight boring, new moon disaster....oh wat other shitty films we have yet to come :(
howdy..gah cant be bothered with work today got an achin back. . :-(
like really t__t ughhhhhhhhhhh it's been like 10 days already omg :( what time are u on btw hun?
149 more tweets to go before i reach my 1000 tweet :( sorry followers for spamming lolol
*3* wkwkwk ‎​(¬_¬") ahhhhh itu emote org yg gw suukaaa :( wkwkwkw ^_^ ( ☂•☂)
omg that would be amazing! haha still wanna go to atlanta to you , but my mom won't let me go :(
its gloomy outside :(
am i not worth fighting for too you? :(
i wanna eat something :(
says summoner wars gelap :(
no you can't i looked in to it. :(
shit i just downloaded photoshop in russian :(
however my hoodie still hasn't come even though i ordered it over a week ago :( now i can't take it to newcastle :'(
//sad now :(
gonna off to bed early today, toothache :(
i want at least 1 break with matt 2day.... hopefully he won't ignore me again :(
well the way i see he does love you! don't understand all that hate so many "christians" and other religions have :(
watching qi, i believe that and robert brydon are not allowed to sit next to each other because of their funny silliness! :(
think i need to start being tee-total... i cnt handle these hangovers anymore!! :(
weekends are sooo bored for me :(
at work. yay!... :(
aww :(
tentang apa ran? boleh boleh haha sayang banget :( nonton clash of the titans aja mau nonton hachiko ga
haha yeah last night! it was great, nice and hot on stage. this time we didn't have a dressing room :( x b
otw ke bremer :( abis tu k equal..@joe_dread maen bok..
isn't there a medication to make you happy? :(
finals are coming :(
why did they have to to have it at 12 :(
twitter will not let me put my picture up! :( umm... if any any one wants to see my pics add me on msn my email is khala_18@ hotmail.com
very very flat :( flat saturday (ˇ_ˇ'!)
sms pending mulu :(
#bieberfact justin bieber loved singing his song down to earth (based on his parents divorced) :(
1 part already replaced, 1 part emergency repair until i can get insurance repairs organised. claim form in post tues; how last century :(
i'm totally confused with these macports. no gimp for me i guess :(
don't know either drink :( -- but would love to taste real grapes ;)
i went next door and had a few drinks , wore the high heel got chatted up, shoes are fine i am fooked :(
dbsk always keep the faith! love you all!! :( :( :(
muse are awesome :(
goodluck 2 w/ nopeisdope at the mec hallen w/ mario, roger sanchez and 60 more dope artists! 2bad i can't make it trough! :(
ahhhhhhhh get me outttttttttt -screams for help- im stuck in a drawer and its dark and i cant see :(
gw sakit :(
w/ot a doubt went to leopold's lst nght. the bullet holes made me shudder. quite easily the scariest feeling ever :(
more #peopleshould be on the nj&ta cabinet! it's empty :(
tut, damn you! :( erm i dunno, they wanna watch the match but i don't like football, just gunna have to meet them later lol xx
yes! she's 66yo & ...smh ... uhm ..i dunno. : ( she's not even pc savvy. i think more & more 4 her it's about control/ownership.
craig is staying in bed all day hannnngggggiinngg not good :(
i need you :(
i wish i lived near a beach :(
ill make sure i have change! my phones broke! :( xx
watchin chelseavsman utd sadly, i hate football :(
thank u ;) but now i need 10 because an unfollower :(
me too! :(
sometimes though i watch things that make me cry when i wnt a cry...i did it every time i had 2 put down 1 of my pooches :(
annddd, why do i miss you? :(
sm how my mind knew its a weekend... and its not sleepy yet :( though my body has a strong melancholy desire to rest!
yeah... :( its really bad
lool don't rub it in :( ..this aint faiir<aww i'll bbm u pic of all my food and clothes looool
it's been one year since my mum passed away. i miss her dearly. it's been a very difficult year without her. :( xxx
ohh. you should've said earlier :(
did not have a dream about :(
sorry, i thought you were on a pc, depending on your carrier you might not be getting good bandwidth on peak times im lost sorry :(
another exam question out of the way by the end of 2day hopefully, then i can start on my other 4 essays 2 write and revise :(
☹ #bieberfact justin bieber loved singing his song down to earth (based on his parents divorced) :(
this satnite wiil be so flat :(
