only just found out the score. told you i'd speak to #ncfc about going easy on your team. :-(
responresponrespon... :(
i think and should wake up now :(
wololo iv really sourced for a ka massage.. :-( n woi the bendover we did was jst kionjo..by the time i left..woi. never again!
mega disappointed. lew is like family to me :(
waking up shattered sucks :(
i'm sorry if i can't be a good friend for you :(
exactly.. ughhhh i wanna be a kidd again :(
i'm so sorry :(
rest in peace lolo aciong... we love you.. :( ♥
oiyaya. ckck. memang sdh nasib harus ujan*an .. mlsd :( ,, kn pke pkian adat ... knp (cont)
the episode with jimmy edwards is so sad :(
owhhhh, awuuu usulnya. heheh. i wanna meet you, like seriosly :(
hansen a? paen kngen ma dy,. wkwkwk,.kidding,.☺rt miss him a lot :(
would love some company tonight. :(
aww i miss cassie already! :(
aku otw pulaaang li,yaaah ngga ketemuu dong caaay :( ontheway kelapa gading , i hope will meet :)
di inibuku.com ada, bs coba cek bang buku #creativejunkies ny ga bs order online gt? ane di malaysia soalny :(
34 basket putri menang yaaaaa! sorry i can't be there :(
aww realy? :(
yesterday morning was better :(
yh i know haha u miss the stage tho init haha i miss the tour :( i wanna go bk but there's no comin back haha xxx
: so labor would prefer failure rather than embracing the chance of achievement. oh what an old tired party you support :-(
not feeling good... :(
from liveblog, it looks like they saved the best for last. ganesh davy and dhanashree pandit rai impress. wish i was there :(
maaf ya kalo rada kurang dikontrol biasa lg emosi haha oke check your dm :(
feeling fresh n happy!! certain things been dealt with.. in a good mood, albeit slightly hungover! pissed at jubilee line :(
i hate when people steal the last parking spot just as you pulled into the parking lot.. :(
#random i remember being thirsty once and running to grab the first bottle i saw...lets just say vinegar isnt nice :(
3ade :( ma l2eet gold this time
still no sign of a good assassin's creed ii crack :(
thx a lot :) wow he tweeted again, but why does he delete some of his previous tweets? :(
need holiday, not monday :(
crap! just spent 1/2 hour writing a blog post. ff froze and i lost it all. :-(
oh no i missed my 500th tweet... :(
ooo so jelouse ur gonna see it on the big screen. im still looking for some one to go with :(
it is now 11:31pm and i am still home alone :( skurddddd.
:( but, but... why?!
get on twitterrrrrr :( you need to dm me your number so i can message you when we need to tweet xd
rly? that's good! :> mhmm. no wifi. :( boo me.
i can empathise, except they are making me eat before i go out :( where you be off to? and tah :)
waiting for sainsbury man to turn up...have decided i don't like sat am slots as i am always at the end...also wishing i'd ordered bread :-(
mister murphy's law, u can kiss my white ass. :( quit adding to my demise....: mister murphy's law, u can kiss my...
aq nangis coz laper hahart cup cup..jgn nangis ya cyg..jelek ntar :( (cont)
wahlao eh. you dun believe only. :(
doing the dishes, again ! :(
iyaa hehert yaaah, udh abis ya? :(
:( i'm here if you want to talk *hugs*
mau ngapain sih? temenin gue dooong :(
sadly, people are like that. do you still talk to your old coach? /via sometimes. he quit coaching when i quit :(
i hate it! if we are allowed to sleep long, i can not. i hate it!!! :(
pusing pusing pusing :(
im sorry :( seriously i am....
why are you crying? :(
you got me all excited.....that doesn't count as being able to catch you in the uk :( solo dates here pleeeeeease? :)
have spilled hot coffee on my crotch! have to go back to work looking like i wet myself :( lovely
what a day......... it is rainy day..... aiyoo :(
last night in cairns :( better make the best of it...
cool! you're soo lucky. :( ever since i've heard of her i've wanted a mac! :/
5. ats madness :(
sorry i did not know her :(
i don't get chemistry. at all. :(
: yes, i love azim only . how about me ? :(
im getting your texts, i got your voicemail, but your calls arent coming through. :(
ea sepiii :(
miss you :(
was supposed to have sushi tei too :(
eeeh? what's up? povera cucciola... :(
so jealous! and i asked if we could go on the pgl trip, they said no :( have fun! xx
...hmmm, scratch that. boys are fighting again. no music for jackie and no tv for boys until peace is restored :(
welcome shidah ^^, shid, kirimkan salam arah si fatin ah. i miss her :(
10 river island stores later and still havn't got my boots : (
taytay market, sm taytay, lola's house, and now at macro, totally tired. :(
ilang beses nangyari sa akin iyan today!! :(
bye.............. :(
lol to thailand? bit far for me! am sure you miss the cats. :-( got house sterilization for parent visit to look forward to. :-(
i have been drinking it but no useeee!!! :(
aku ga bisa lii.. ada acara :( i wish i could
its not letting me sign in :( :(
suddenly have no spirit to win the game :(
ahhhh yeah :( lol
gdgd i got to work my charm n see if he will give me some pennies! i think he will say no :( x
really wish i could've been there to support you in glasgow :-( it's almost the end of a very long journey...so proud of you!
me toort miss 8c soooomuch :(
back from extra class :(
it's so cold my nose hurts. :(
...so boxing is the way to go to get back to before mum form :-p i never used to have to exercise so im not doin too good :-(
just got my cool new bluetooth headphones and got them stolen right out of my car an hour later :( < this is a very sad face
it's so humid at botanic gardens! :(
bbc iplayer doesnt work in belgium :(
yup she moved there when she was 5 and stayed till she was 9 i've never been there!! :( hv u ever been to london??
oh man i forgot smashproof where in tauranga performing tonight. i missed out :(
cnt go to sleep ugh, gtta get at least one hour! :(
i brought gum, didn't bring earplugs. if i don't have them it feels like i have an ear infection when i land. :(
omg i feel like eating my emotions :( but then again, he doesnt even know that i like him so whatevs
am so bored :(
hate it so much when he has to work on a weekend. :( alah relax lah... chill
me too. suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
where have all my friends gone ?? i feel alittle shunned righg now : ( like no one car...:
ok so my mom is just coming with me to heerlen like 30 min than she takes off to sittard and i have to take the bus back! :(
aww i miss cassie already! :(
for some reason i thought it was a nice warmish spring day today so now i'm freezing to death :(
no its not okay :(
cukup sudah main2nyaa, sekarang belajar.. belajar tidur.. :(
haven't tweeted for ages because my phone has broken and internet at home was down :(
bilang mnta karma dund :-( :'-( (tears) (tears) (tears) (worship)
paperwork love it :-(
ya alloh please balikin kaya dulu :(
i really want to write you a letter :( where do i send it too?xx
god help me please :(
garem x asin! hahahhaha .. kucing asin ! :( ow tkg kebon! ;p weeiitss .. gue mah kagak
wow!! havn't tweeted in agesssss. nd ive lost alot of followerrss :( okayyy, imm really busyy over weekendds, soo thts whyy i havent been on
sadly not :(
so tired! running on an hours sleep if that n the weathers cack too! :(
you happy girl now, i sad girl now uh :(
virgin brand + sustainability = perfect partners, but report didn't say "once it's gone, it doesn't grow back!" :(
hahahaha, but then they will cut down the speed oso... :(
i want chicken & okra tonight! :( bet mummy won't cook it though.<<<<< loooool is dat u yh!
