blackberry where areeeee youuuuuu :( ?
sad isn't it. :( hotz will out a way to get it back!!
i need a wee maid "/ all i see is tomato sauce wine bottles vodkaa breezers and 2 litres :( messy room :(
bit better but not really good :( talk to ya later sis need to bake :(
i cant tell who follows me cause im on my mobile :( i followed back
i literally feel regretful that i've been liking mj since after he passed away :( miss him
the skyscraper ones are from oakland university.... i think there is a parking lot there now :(
gabicaaa -.- aaaa cenyum dong beby :) lagi gabisa ketawa :( huhu
neither blaming you nor the tomatoes baby <3 ily get well soon baby girl and sorry for the tomatoes :(
yaa^^ me too. i go to the beach for weekend holiday. but i feel so tired now :(
boyfriend quick as a duck :(
thank god for modern medical intervention eh?! i guess they also tried some pretty invasive palpating. poor things :(
sorted now. got my garlic butter chicken kievs, my cup of coffee, a reclining chair and qi. would be perfect if i didn't have work later :(
i'm seeing kick ass and clash, not looking forward to clash :(
dont follow cricket after bhai got retired :( ppl dont want to think about his 1st marriage, they know he was! :(((
gw kyk anak durhaka sinetron2 :( buahaha.. ckckck..rt bru bgn tdr pk clana pndek gw trun
be very careful of backstabbers! one of them has taken my happiness away :(
putz...ainda to com sono : (
don't you feel so so sakit hati when you drop a phone/device that is so precious to you? :( *sigh*
didn't get any #eastereggs :(
looking for a good rock cake recipe.my cake books are failing me :(
gonna be a long week...headed to tennesse for grams funeral :(
sitting in a room full of computer geeks from india (but they are extremely nice and polite!)!!??!! :-(
enak ya lo main gw dirumah nangis bego.need some one :(
what is happening? :(
phew~! finally had the time to sit down and go online after a whole afternoon of running around. sorry bc i didn't meet you today :(
i'm happy that #alwayskeepthefaith is trending, but i'm sad as to why. :(
blugh it is raining! and i'm outside! does someone have a umbrella for me? forget it :(
i need a nightlight :(
wow..kk..nw dats weird..bn tnkn of wt to writ/reply u 4 lik 15mns nw..cudnt cm up wt squat.. :(
i lost some followers :(
low beett :(
i just had an intense battle with my brother. i was trying to save the 'blue waffle' photo as the background on his ipod. i failed :(
my mum woke me up :( ...i was having the best sleep :') eventually though-been having shite sleeps the last few weeks!
bbl in few hours :( backing!!!!!! :(
pengen ngomong, tp takut :( huuaaa -_-
we will have to be :( together x
500 internal server error spoiling my day :-( php save me :-(
hi.. ! im so fooled when i saw your poser..! :(
so gloomy out :(
it is not working properly padahal i need it :(
finally back from camping!!! i hate sand :(
me tooo :( y are u up? ineed to be sleeeeeeeeeeeeeepppppp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
alaaa, his picture tak dee :(
i... i don't know what to feel, tbh. i guess i kinda knew this was coming sooner or later, but... just. what. :(
okay half of bio done, i'll finish it today then i should no everything fail, i don't :(
ah slept in and missed f1 fp3 and quali sorry :(
aw gutted mate :( echo piece wasn't bad mind!
i should do that with true blood season 3. we're always so behind :(
please forgive me :-(
noooooo. i really need to get on a train in the next hour or so. should think about getting out of bed i guess :(
|| actually stop :( nabadtrip na ko. i'll download pa rin pero i'll buy the dvd as well x(
samaart not really amin cz i'm not that lucky :( it depends on luck!
why did i not sleep? :(
ime the cops will not deal with fly tipping :(
masa s? yg bner? mau fokus blajar gitu say :( putus knp ? :( udah putus nadia hahaha
twitters dead :(
"with places such as st albans, herts, and oxford seeing average prices break above £300,000." never going to be able to buy a house. :(
what a lonely weekends :(
only one person did a coment on 1 of the 4 pictures i've uploaded.... :(
never mind. just got it. i am sorry :(
nooooo!! i can't believe they got rid of rob :( :( don't wanna watch this shit anymore!!! gah!
don't cryrt yes! huhuhu.. jahat?rt jahat ngetawain oran lg menderita :( (cont)
not that long up :) sayras mum was cooking and the alarm went off so i woke up :( what should i do today :)?
day of studying :( :( :( :( wearing the irish dancing worlds hoodie though <33
i'm out! media better go drown themselves in the gutters! leave him alone! :(
£350 worse off now. :(
not cool at all. hope you get some rest as you needed. must be having a rough time, huh? :(
"the titans" is not that mighty :(
guess what! i'm gonna miss the man u vs chelsea matchhh! :( :(
waiting for a flight :(
heyyy!! i wanted hang out with you... d: you better come to my day timmy!! or i swear im gonna kill you.. d:< lol imy<3 :(
bussed . wakkaka , bosannya :(
waa. headache, lower back hurts, hands hurt.. what more? :(
:( same watching the videos from monster ball, i want to relive that night. :|
i dont recommend tooth ache :(
wooo! ckk ati" lic oh tidak iphone kebanting :(
gue pingin kayak :( pacaran pake relationship gitu, gue!? single :'(
who knewgetting a bike would be so difficult :(
i knw the feeling lls. :( never mo akong maiintindihan, di ka naman galing sa broken fam e. :(
ayukkk hehe emang dimana? di garut semua :(
i wish i had the original the princess bride by s morgenstern instead of the abridged version by william goldman :(
no :( we couldn't find the sea and then it started raining.
hopefully it ends within 2 mins cos i only have so long left :(
my computer has pissed me off. bought a whizzy new graphics card today, and it refuses to see it. :-(
that was one of the nicer ones :-( people really wanted those earrings :-) i'm so gonna twitpic myself wearing them ;-)
still nothing. :-(
haven't seen transporter. saw just the poster. :( i'm patiently waiting for transformers 3
where've you been ? :(
q:you're great ate! :) keep up the good work in seattle! ... a:thanks! but i'm not in seattle :(
bakit ba puro wrong timing ang nangyayari?! :( kung kelan tayo naghoholy week doon naman sila naiinis sa country natin. heckk why?!
i couldn't sleep last nightt :( but now i'm off to work. 7 to 3, peaceee.
it always happens to me but when i login nothing happens :(
-_- gabicaaa -.- aaaa cenyum dong beby :) lagi gabisa ketawa :( huhu
n dat gave them gd scoring balls, v missed one bowler 2day. having said dat dey played good cricket, v neither bated neither v bowl well :(
gotta wake up as early as 7am tomorrow as common test starts at 8:30 am. there goes my weekend! :(
so i haven't talked to him and now i can't sleep :( fml
lol dnt upset me! i love chocolate and not 1 easter egg in sight : (
i'm hanging :( i need my energy for courtyard x
is it worth it? i don't really get anything in return,so is there really any point,i'm probably being selfish but it is true :(
jedward and lloyd waved at us but they just went straight on the bus :( x
rtrtrt please mau nonton remember me bangeeeet :(
wrong day to wear shorts! it looks like it's going to pour! and i'm running late to meet :(
second time car has been broken into this year. scary that they were just outside this time though. only stole change. :(
good morning. still not feeling well and i have to go to work today. :-( not an option to call out.
she's a meanie :( < no she's not i loveee you teyanaaaaa :)
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
even though it was adverts then, you went quiet, so i though you had been blocked :o :( and lmaooo sorry if i have d:
hehe.. maap, ini teteh bwain mknan ga ngajak2, bt ni rmh :( #nowwatching clash of titans 3d
just got home to see the footy score. i'm almost happy my parents made me go to mass and made me miss the game :(
ohh i want one too :] big day tomrorrow! but i know i wont :(
:( . anyway, he sounds like an imbecile. couldn't be bothered wt him lah.
it is really annoying. but i can't reinstall until i get this assignment done :( should be able to do it monday maybe!
can someone please save me from this boringness :(
arghh why is macbeth so difficult to understand :(
do you ever have that day when you wonder where all the quality people in the world went? having that kind of day :(
you wouldn't win anyway, because it's only for us citizens :( #lpgiveaway
no i haven't :( but i want to when he does his uk tour!!
my battery is flat and there's no electricity to charge... :-(
ich auch nicht :-( but that was going to be my word of the day ;-) well, close anyway...
woking..how boring when the sun is shining! :-(
, i forgot to watch first time! for three days! ten episodes was aired in gma? you didn't tell us. :(
i am depressed :(
shld have taken picture :(
followed sorry it took long, my iphone is being slow today :(
what a q day, rain, red flag...nice job for mark webber and red bull team, too bad for ferrari :(
oh.. ga jadi dah asalnya mau k bc brng sp bdg... :( wah..gtw tuh..hehe,aq jg kn blm smpt
duh! true :(
yes as u shud, a legend of game, i had one took in 2001 n u wont blv i lost tht autograph book durin transit, i curse myself :(
àrrrr my operation fingers killin me! i fink its come outta place again :(
