me too :-(
evy is taking over the sims :( i want to play!
when i am listening to it i nearly cried bec i remembered the time he was being hated... :(
my outlook is giving me a problem :(
of course problems are everywhere but 10 times more in india than elsewhere unfortunately :( otherwise its a cool place to be
currently 541 streaming. i think it'll be worse later. :(
yeahh :( i almost cry here :'(
kiwi, banana and pear juice for breakfast..go away cough :(
it's about how the doctors separate adjoin babies :(
some people do my head in :@ :(
nvm that was a #twitterlie becuase i seriously cant get up. wtf. im hungry tho :(
i have a really bad headache =/ i've got a headache like every night for about a week :(
good times at bribie, except for my lack of frisbee skills resulting in grandma copping a stray frisbee to the leg, which drew blood! :(
anw cheerupzzzz your recent tweets sound so emo!! :( be happy! ^^ cheers cheers!
because everyone left me :(
and original flavour just sold out :( that's true! now open sour sally at
i dont think i can blame my sleeping habits on jetlag anymore.. :(
cousins gone all bye bye :( now have only one tom and many rooms that need cleaning. harumph
lagi dirumah sodara dan ga ada kbs :( fine!! take him. onew's mine <3
u missed it too? sux right? :(
yes, i lost his perfect voice :(
dude, i don't know anymore songs by mika. i think i just ruined our awesome conversation. what a bumber. :(
the toilets here dont have any leg room :(
ai!!!! i´ll call you und your cellphone! hmm ... yes .. i think so :-(
a lot....... nut i m nt a cartooon :(
flw me ? :(
now im bored :( sitting in the livingroom doing nothin
woke up and can't sleep :(
why am i up right now!? ugggh :-(
tweeple!! good morning! sun is out..i'm hungover..gonna drink the ribena once i'm sober! ok, bad rhyme :(
fan fucking tastic my mum jinxed me being sick shes like 'dont eat that ull get sick' i ate it an yep now im sick :(
i miss you... :(
why cant i be famous! all i want to do is be a international model... sigh.. life :(
so, uh, how's that young roos midfield going? :(
me too :(
what a bad weather: 6c wind and rain :-(
haha sisters watching nickelodeon katy perry got gunged it was really funny ,but she still managed to look pretty ,no fair no fair :( x
oh thanks for that, all this darn ipad talk makes me sad since i don't have one :(
im trying to avoid you , but i really miss you :(
[school]life story :) // :( [oh geeez, this is too long. i think i lost the interest of my readers just by...
during my holidays, mid year exams soon, :( going to church tomorrow?
got home from babe's house like 30 mins. ago. hung out & watched movies w/ him and andrubi. now, watching blindside alone :(
hey! last night was a blast, but it's sad that we couldn't make #estoniawantsjustinb a tt :( but im proud what we did! & also i went over(c)
same! :( i've got headache huh and i am hungry kinda fck her
caileh x2 sedang di cas 6 jam. selama itu ol pake leptop dulu :(
shopping for easter eggs (well, fish actually) at leonidas. but not for me :( #fb
i wish i could photoshop better :( #websdotcom
i miss qtown :(
can't turn on the cable vision on tv if i were to use in the internet in my room :(
my body hurts :( i want to sleep
nope :( they sold out after 10 mins lol x
im burning up not for you baby...but literally :(
who u supportin..no montoya nd kimi :(
me supportinh hami nd vettel +force india ;)
im sad :( and i have no idea why :l
hate the add in digsby twitter :( now its appearing as last tweet i received.
i love that you talk to the big fella in the sky! i'll do my best, but not expecting our guests to be up for it :-( love you!!
:( bugger. thatll teach u to play with rulers huh?
wanna take some resssst :(
this week is going so slowly! :( i want to go to wales already
cheers faaalrt cheers dong :( cheers/basket?
:l i may have gone to bed earlier than you :l i'm tired too :( <3 xxxxxxxx
i want some ihop( ugghhh i really do :(
just got reprimanded by dear mom :(
why do guys treat me like this drew?!!!! :( am i ugly/? is that why? be honest
:( plis bgt om gw kasian bngt krn msh bnyk yg ga dpt tix pitbull,ga gampang pindah tempat ato jual tix lebih ato 2.nd show
i don't get it :(
ipad works on microsim technology... which is unavailabl in india... so its not fr us :( bad luck...
