oh no! that's just sucks. bigtime. :-(
oh,im sorry :o i dont mean it. i just want to ask you about her monsterball concert in other states :(
bahaha, kk. call me when youre out! someone wants to come over so i think i'm forced to shower now :( lool
iya org gw satnitenya ma elu..
:( sedih crtanya (lebay),wkwk
i would help you but chemistry was always bleh for me. :(
#omgthatssotrue that nothing goes like i want it to :( it somewhat rhymes well ^^ #agree
is the chat working on ms twitter? it's not working for me :(
no :-( i am in vegas with
malam ini cuma beduaan deh sm my-little-sister. huhuhu,sepi2 :(
soreee throat :(
pd mau ngpn sih jahat bgt gk ngajak :( ada yg cantik in da house!!! mana nih mager gal????? uiiii!
"can't believe next month is already our real exams.." omfg that sentence scared me to death. :(
haa :( my dog is eating all of my good headphones i hate whan he eat things he don't need to eat!! =\
:(
allow the sore throat :-(
not sure how the hot cross buns ended up in my bag. must have leapt off the shelf as i passed quickly by. strange, but true. :-(
kids are mean little fuckers :(
eff ! its 3am & i have a game at 8am, i cnt sleep :(
:( just had the worst dream...
pity none of hard worked pixels have seen the light of day :-(
not me :( who's at gi?
vegas in 4 hours....plz pray that i get up in time :(
sumasakit ang mata ko :( (cry) (tears)
i did get lamp going eventually, but not b4 crashing dpkg :(
why this sudden sadness? :(
:( :( ! i'm coming round real soon hitting the swisse slopes gunna miss crazy amount along with
i love him buh dont have his twitter :( how do u no when they r online
hahaha. good! however, it won't quit bleeding. :(
i miss that show too :( i bet id still be watching it xd haha..
you have a really big heart... more guys like the world would need :(
that news makes me want to impulsively get a tattoo of aktf :(
sucks :( fml fml fml!!!!!!
ngarep lu sms gua. impossible bangeeeeet :(
yeah :( for exams :| gonna miss your tweets and others
i have no link :(
dude, this is pretty awesome. you gonna paint it blue and add palm trees? just don't yt yourself playing slayer on it : (
uyandı ama ölücek gibi hissediyor :(
eclipse can show only decimals in registers view esp handy when you have a float in reg :( #fail
we had to return the rat we adopted the other day :( why? turns out his favourite hobby was to bite. people, rats didn't matter
god . . i wish i had rich rents like the ones on sweet 16 ! :-( then i be :-)
:( hope your ok honey xxx
intinya , saya membutuhkan uang :(
i'm in group c, fatin. so we got the new teacher and our classes are every thursday & friday. what class are you in? a? :(
i tried to walk my dog this morning like a normal person and he tried to kill me :(
ya , just now text you already , sad you cant join :(
same 4 uk!! sucks! spoilers out in force too! aargh! now know how ash appears! hmph! wouldve liked surprise! :(
i wna learn how to play the guitar! for real! dug out my dad's old guitar jus now but the strings are a lil... :(
yah! u broke my heart again :( *sobs* i only chatted with u for like 5 minutes only rofl
awwwwh cool ;d i havent painted in ages, i cant paint :(
so we done a mission impossible round dun elm,finally got courage and then turns out we couldn't even get it done today fuck sake :(
tryn 2 play counter strike but gt al 1337 no place 4 a noob like me... :(
ahahaa shh it was a miserable attempt to get cb to follow meee :)failed thoughh :( shhh i've got rs to be learningg haha fml :|
ayoooooo 4 followers lagi please :(
duh giling --> nge-down banget :(
if you want to norway iwen if ur not living in norway , please help us norwegian fans :( he never notice us...
:( does everyone have a trouble maker in they're group :( or is it just me?
ive been sick since last nite :(
still feeling like shite, i think the hotpants & heels will have 2 wait until next time, don't think i feel good enough 2 pull it off! :(
folloooww him <3rt i just got about 5 shoutouts and didnt get 1 follower :(
woohoo sounds delightful! i hate holidays, i feel so tired all the time :(
i miss the calming sound of the waves :(
going home today :(
still not sleepy. ughhh let's try this snooze business again. :(
day pass girls are dropping like flies today. no or :( #eastercon
erm ..... *considers faking it* sadly no :(
ok vegas is dun :( gona luk 4 flights 2 go 2 spain wi my girlies in july :) x
u dont have an iphone!! *sigh* :(
:( long story...hii lee lee my lil drunkie
i didn't see you? :(
i miss them :(
morning! :) i'm good. yeah, i was hoping the webclips would be up by now... :( i hope they come out soon.
i'm going to be sick every time i think about it. :( #manutd
oh great theres a price now? :(
i just wanna get the best one!! just one!! :(
spoke with think the fight is off :( might need to show him the power of his fangirls to spur him on
i wish! he came into the chatroom with us, but left before i could say anything! :(
no one asked me anything. poop. :(
i sent out something naughty :(
b'cos she doesn't have passion on her live :) udh bbrp hal i found it's not that interesting :(
busy with each other.. then who gonna get tissue for me when eyes start bleeding? :(
yeah :( seen lah many times before, not sure what i'll watch tonight
lol! but that was a yearbook pic so what if he doesnt look like thank anymore :(
yay! found similar bom style radar image for netherlands! looks like the rain's not ending very soon though. :(
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-(
no,maybe with my cousin..or just by myself :( huhu
sumpah g tega loh liat ank bayi didlm akubator :( cpt smbuh yaa :)
bayar mulu :(
iyahh :( 130 doang ah shit . wkwkwk . oh gue kira ---. duh gi ap lu ? wkwkw
takes me to be sick for the first time in aaagggeeesss the day before easter :( typical me. . .
i'm sorry to hear about your weekend :(
takut liat org2 suntik silikon ilegal :(
won't be watching the first two eps of the tudors :( might watch the godfather though <3
wish i could have, but had a family easter dinner :( as everyone is away in different countries as of today! hope you had fun!xx
awww rip smallest fish. omg....the smallest fish in my pond died :(
yeah i'm on my way back sweetheart :( hey where you at? ah deep down you are! ayo dooong semangaaat :)
i am sick of living like this :(
im really trying to understand my hair... it seems to always wanna do its own thing :(
#nowplaying aishangni by2! it almost made me cry, 'cause i'm like veryveryvery sad now. i don't need to find a reason just to love you! :(
it says it doesn't support the internet i have :( xo
i really hate nuts, peanuts walnuts.. haha all of them. they are disgusting. and this delicious oatmeal was full of them! :( blah!
watched the last episode of vampire diaries on wednesday...now i have to wait until fall!! :(
wtf chuck norris didnt get a ipad :(
did anyone here preorder lego harry potter from play.com cos the release date for the game was march 28th and mine still hasnt arrived :(
i'm so stupid !! why am i even crying, i know this' gonna happened :(
will be in hong kong from april 7 to 11. will miss the real group's performance on the 13th! ugh! 2 days! :(
im broke sad here .. and tommrw.. feel so loner supeer dupeer loner. urggggggg. :( so sad miga..
i m goin to reinstall my windowss.....jeese!!! itz a big task :( ;(
no its freezing out side l :( x
i can't use my phone anymore :( my stupid sim card has blocked. >:o now i can't text or even call.
mu voice is gone! :(
clash of the titans great too.. cuma boong banget.. btw, seminggu ntn brpa film ya gw? bsk sekolah puasa jajan neh :(
omg !!!! i'm sorry :( i've forgotten because ur never online :/
i don't like you. you go against our barter system :(
i really want jonas borthers come to indonesia so bad :(
blackout. now i wish i had a laptop :(
i think i managed to confuse myself :(
ayooo bittie! (: can you please follow me? haha. ive asked like a bajillion timeesss :(
gonna miss you too.. your txt when you where near leads woke me up! :(
:( now i'm sad. -.- call me whatever.. i'm okay with bitchie selly, i guess i have to take this on
my body hurts from head to toe :( » u owe me two b.e.c's and apple and grape juice. i'm not home i see the sun
ooo big things are going to happen 2day in my worlds of basketball and athletics ... wish there was 2 of me, i can't be in both places :-(
