they came to my house and stood at my door for like 5 mins :( lol x
4 miles in the rain :( hope the weather is better tomorrow
#tossing&turning cant sleep... i cant believe it.. my horoscope was true worst day of my life... r.i.p. tio gilbert :(
i wish it was mj....yes i do...but :(
gal looking for a wolf!!!!!!!!!!!! please help my sister out guys :(
he died a day after my grandad :( rip mj, xoxo
sounds like an eventful one! the simple answer is they probably died :(
i guess thats it then :(
my self esteem hits rock bottom. what am i gonna do now? :(
:(
bbm was working fine this morning and has slowed down now :( even my twitter on my phone is down :(
awake :(
saya sedang bersedih hati :(
my house is reeking of paint! :(
skola mu kpn k bsakih ? oiyaya. ckck. memang sdh nasib harus ujan*an .. mlsd :( ,, kn pke pkian adat ...
hungryyy! was going to make yummy food but now i am not :( i am a useless cook.
bang, masa' #theone di cirebon belum ada :(
milks went sour :( need more :(
i live in the switch! don't be hatin'! :(
red bull reliability issues again! mark webber just suffered 'loss of power to engine'...doh! :(
button 17th :-(
both. my mums not well either :(
ee! the size of some of these bees! :(
no lor :((( i am a good joker :(
slept all day yesterday and i'm still tired :(
haha really? haha awesome! thankyou hahaha lol
unfortunately i only got 2 followers :( lol but thankyou
life is to short :( :(
:( kok baru sekarang? :( oh no!! i think i'm in love with you..
why do i keep losing followers? :(
i need a back brace, my lower back is killing me this morning :-(
need to study tonight. class test :( :(
good evening twitterville.. working very early today. damn.. i missed lady gaga's concert 2nite.. not happy. :(
thx.... we buried him in the back yard but the sad thing is he wasn't even a year old yet! :(
*blinks* would u be my friend if i wore cut out tye dye leggings and a fame jacket? no? ok. :(
bad start to morning! :( nasuwt criticise “the immature young people” engaging in student voice panels within schools.
missed the predictions :-( may lose my 5th place
shit! i don't know if trains are running monday... :(
made me break my protest. :/ making me listen to i couldn't get to the speakers in time :( loveyou xx
omg :( i really love him.
oh no :( i know a good mac repair dude macmedic.com.au
so tired from rock climbing. this is what i get from not climbing for 3 weeks, sore arms! :( scratched myself everywhere! :(
the end.......rt you and i. it's just not fun anymore :(
kill bill 3 to be released in 2014 :( i don't want to wait that long!
i send my sympathies to cassiopeians at the moment.. ugh. it can't be easy to have to endure mess for so long. :(
up leaving florida :-( wish i could stay
woke up in bed alone, this was not the saturday i had planned. :-(
wth lah, must do journal. :(
i felt you different if there at school !! :(
the boys are stopping their activities :( how sad can this get?
i love tree of life :) i now have a braclet for peace and a braclet for fourtune :) there wasnt one for love :(
i feel tired, coz i have been from jakarta :(
i miss the palmtrees and the handsome men :(
aaaaa karma is really on my side :-(
wheew. just got home. so tired. at nkkdepress. an taba q nah. for real. huhu. :(
gw engga ke bdg :( heh kalian oleh oleh dongseee haha
then you get the nice guys who haven't got no one :(
nice chilled out morning; walk into town, nice latte... now the hard gruelling work begins. :(
89 followers :( i feel hated!!!!!!!!!! follow me guys!!!! make me popular!!!1
hehe iya td kk ysf sms blg mau nntn hehe curang yaa nntn dragon duluan :( huhu masih k hehe.. iya k td sarah abi
yes its too short :( very short :( what will you do during your easter holiday ??
aaaaa bayar mahal kaaa bete :( hahaha...jalan ke pp itu emang ngeselin tau...rt ampe dkt plangi kak hahaha
fuck sake :( tbh i wish i was back ay school :( fml!
feelin' disappointed. :(
yea since when u have a boyfriend and didnt tell me? :(
cuam sampe ep 13 yaaa?? berarti bentar lg dong :(
my blog pagerank has not updated since past 1yr :(
i think daylight savings ends tonight :( i am not ready for winter !!!!
lg mellow, dan dlm kondisi itu :( knp say?rt ahelah!
m6 services thought i was buying a rug. turns out it has arms and a pocket and everything, and is actually a "snuggly" oh the shame :-(
yoy :( samaa :( qt ska mo iko yg bjalang for paskah sbntr dg yg mlam" pke lampion mr syg tpe grj nda j bq
:( it was alright... urs?
wants foxtell!! normal t.v is so bad lately :(
fishsticks im bored :( herbies gay.
wishing i had a story like m and honolulu :(
