sayang :( ndi ako naka panuod ng babe,i love you! i hope next week! :)
ok one quick answer to one of the direct messages and im off to get ready for my clinic. im sad that i got little done online today :(
in moorefields eye hospital with my wobeyeopia :(
just got reminded of how totally一个大男人the koreans are! :(
miss you so bad :(
that's well shit man :-( in life?
:( feeling very sick.
whats wrong woth her? :(
nawwwwwwwwh :( ill bash the bra somehow haha
bananjo! when we goin to town? i have only gotta go to sainsburys really, what bout u? it's raining to :( fml
booooo! registration for cherry blossom race is closed :(
oyaa? thx yo. eh trackball gw rusak bgt nih sial! :(
i found 2 strands of random curly hair from my head.i don't want curly hair i fell in love with my straight hair! :(
i wish i could see him :( out with the family today.
but these younger girls all smoked cigs. ew :( stogs are sick.
tired as f*ck lol i was hangin out lastnight. :(
yup :( i wish i was in the us
beckyjlsdiner: i aint got an easter eggs.. :( everytime one of u guys tweet twitter goes crazy.. :l hope ur alright.. =d dm plz
nah, that's pancake recipe, rather than actual pic (camera bust :( ) bacon just fried, then pancakes cooked in bacon fat.
good afternoon joe...how are you today? tours nearly over :( are you gonna miss it....? xxx
25 only comes once and everybody tryna call me old! lol stop celebrating wit out me damn! :(
suppose to be downstairs with my cousins, doing covers and all..but mum restricted me :(
i have to go :( bye <3 #jonasbrothers #demilovato <3 <3
not good :( tom visited last night :@ hahaa you ?
fever not subsided. gawt! :(
hell is..!! :( re: pk
akhirnya pc-ku berpulang ke asalnya.. istirahat yg tenang ya. we had our moments for the past 7 years.. :(
just got to work. off at 1230. then going to the races if it stops raining and bubba races :-(
up way to early on an off day. my ear hurts so bad :(
lebay!! eke teu ngicep liat pattz :* *lebay jgrt nangis :( , bravo to patzrt remember me
you can be alone, but not lonely lah.. stay full mak!! :) i'm lonely :(
i think so :( ih ngeselin banget deh ah tapi sekarang sih aku udah jarang smsan haha
nah back home! enjoy jacksons! :) the footy is terrible! united are all over the place! :( see ya soon.
nothing really want a nick bf bad me and my ex broke up :(
welllll i broke it, and a new one didn't appear :( thanks a lot! ;)
blom maem dd :( dd uda?rt ol aja ka sambil tiduran ? udaa maem k ? oke" haha lg apa dd syg?rt ba
:( i won't feel complete now...
i cant wait to see in december! its too far awayyy :( xx
says now bigeast felt what cassies felt when dbsk activity was stop for a *while*#alwayskeepthefaith :(
i fink jedward r offline now :( xo
aww. i never read this tweet :( fml. i have work today. what about next week.?
papa kwok is super nice to send to all th way to clarke quay!! i feel so bad :( thk you uncle!!!! -http://smsyo.com
i'm still addicted to the lion man, why did it all have to go so wrong? :(
in my defense, i was going to call you last weekend and my phone kept messing up! :) i need a new one...stupid contracts. :(
i wish i can turn back time :(
i wish i was friend with on facebook :(
mending makan ice cream hehe i cant sleep :(
united so rubbish :(
#alwayskeepthefaith omg noooooooooooooooo :-(
joe looks amazing. seriously, why is he with demi? :(
i wish were tweeting :( #jedwardeaster
q::o you ate ? a:yes :( im sorry<3
tip of the day do not fall asleep drunk on a cream sofa with a glass of red wine in your hand. especially not my sofa!! :(
belain gue dong om :( gamoh chelsea ajart huuu mu aja, apa tuh chelsea buluk yegak haha
she out of my league!!! :( € awwh yep step it up brotha man! me too!
but there's mushroom in my lasagna which is why i hate it :( mushrooms taste like gooooo
disappoint in myself for today's effort :(
the exchange rate really doesn't help right now... :(
i'm sorry for waking you up also sorry for everything and i shouldn't up fucked it up :( xxx
cute top, where's the bottoms :(
kegedean sha :( knp ga beli jes?hahaha i'm fallin in ♥ wth that f21 jeans dress.. :(
they realise eventually took em nearly a year b4 i got charges £s :(
ah well!
haaa beliin dong dho,ak krm uangnya :( butuuuuh!!rt i do need new clothes new shoes new bag arrrrrrgh
that's no good :( heat pack help? i took my night time pain tablets ages ago & i'm still waiting for em to kick in... bleh
the rain is not stopping. i can't jog. :(
its so cold at the lobby! i want hot chocs! :(
boohoo is right :( have a good day!!! : ). off to work... boohoo....:(....
you expect me to eat your bad food, :(
