what the heck is up to? missing his tweets :(
just dropped kaylene off at kci airport :(
i forgot my pokèwalker at work today, so no magical yellow forest pikachus for me :(
dtinggal tidur ma :-(
somebody teach me how to bounce in #cod4? :(
geez, i wanna go to camp so badly i might actually wet myself :( #boredteenager
hey what happened? sorry to hear that :(
itskristibieber #alwayskeepthefaith that would notice you someday= he will notice me someday, days, weeks, months, years :(
stupid facebook is not letting me use my account due to some site maintenance :(
horeeeeee bisaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, tadi tweetnya limit :(
playn w/ my niggas nephew. kids r so cute i wish i cud b 3 again :(
i fell asleep on last night. i probably should stop doing that. :(
eh kamfret! mayer ke philipines?? :( john mayer live in ph, may 16th 2010. or
united losing. damnnnn :(
bought the stuff for college :(
i wudnt no i cant exactly watch or hear it can i?! :-(
romantis donk, gelap2an, hihi malming gelap gulita,, matee lampu!!! huh :(
aww <3 me 2 :( i dont want you to go
yeh i like the old one :(
i wish i can turn back time :(
on the way in the city, later cinema "the ghostwriter"... :) :(
i guess i miss myself too :(
starting work at 12:00 is hard when you get up at 12:30... :(
really wants thereal justin bieber on twitter and facebook plus christian beadles .... :( x
my mom wake me at 8:00am because we are going to the beach!! not cool!!! i still wanna sleep!! she a wake me to early!! :(
nasib anak band belum punya crew. nenteng snare & cymbal sendiri :( oke, rock must go on \m/
satnight badmood :(
on my way to sj airport w/ sad he can't come:( :(
miss you so bad :(
i'm good and u ? got up since 8am for some reasin i got a back pain that is killing me :( so i can't sleep no more..
is also watching "the passion of the christ." tsk grbee .. nkakainis mga pari dte :(
g'am jimmy! have a great time rally! wish i could be there,but it is a bit far from massachusetts. :( have a beautiful day!♥u☺
awww im sorry :( i didn't make them though, instead did layouts :)
i don't like this :( half time: manchester united 0 1 chelsea
that's harsh bro! :(
i have a sore froat :(
hot cross buns did not work :-( lemon pudding mmm hot or cold, chowder good,
yeahh it iss :( with our luck, it will be monsoon weather.
bilang waduhh..banyak pencuri chip neehhh,,,waspada :-(
:( grr this switching cars thing only works if i remember alllllll of my equipment... gah! i sure could use some reflectors today.
not nice! :( i'll watch online. i almost wrote "dean in the water"
cristina omg! it has been ages since we have talked :( how are you going?
going to see the grandparents, i'm sure something stupid will happen at grandma's :-(
1 0 down, half time : (
oh wow! no! showcase vendors didn't get to go to the salon. :(
sorrrry! i'm following you again :(
owh no way~according to our religion,plastic surgery is a big sin~ but i have seen a lot of celebs with nose job though :(
no sun. :( too bad! omg want to buy that lovely shoes i've seen!!
everytime i listen to umbrella beach owl city it makes me want to be back in oxford :(
ah im at work in just over an hour..get to deal with all the easter rush! :-( love the profile pic btw! xoxo
riset media ! haash, menghancurkan malam minggu saya :(
q:karismaby :( remember? a:haha...that's not a real illness -__-
i think have gone :(
i just want this pain to go awayyyy. :(
oh fuck! i should have let it load! it was the sweet part ! :(
we don't have a greggs around here :( closest is aberdeen grr! there cheese,bean & sausage pastie things are good
sorry didn't search twitter for 'daniel johnston' till now and only now saw yr comment about missing the gig :-(
had heaps of chances, should have won. will not be a happy weagle :(
what a terrible game of football! all over the show! it all falls a part without rooney! :(
how could you be so calculative? and there's urine in the lift! :(
i should not be up this early.... wealth transfers class for the next 8 hours :(
oh :(
i want a gay friend. :(
i hate hearing hearing how cocky that guy is. i'm just hatin on him cause i'm so cranky and upset. mehhh..... :(
sucks.....sucks more that she was my bf!! damn i miss my friend :-( does it get easier??
bis gue offline kampret, ga punya uit aing parah!!!!! bbm gue bales tot! :(
i have one in level 2, row c with my friends, and 2 in row 2 :(
eh i can get you a 20% discount and an extra huge scoop of ice cream but not free :(
ughhh i hate getting up for work and todays my long day :(
i've been awake for half an hour and aleady i know today isn't going to be a good day. :(
i'm okay ;) not feeling so well though, worst hangover ever :(
coz you dont have any of my m&ms :( cheer up :) hehe
i know :( i was a tryin to spin it positively...
bought an iphone in china, (stupidly) knew nothing about jailbreaks, turned it off and now i know a lot..sadly :(
what u mean? cold? i did for about 2hrs n now i'm sick :-(
chelsea aja lart belain gue dong om :( gamoh chelsea ajart huuu mu aja, apa tuh chelsea buluk yegak
i think i have gerd (gasrtro-esophageal reflux disease). :(
gitu juga mb ? knpa yaa ? :( kampreeeet ! fbku kok cannot find server c ! grrr-
northampton was awesome! so gud to catch up with everyone!!!! gona miss em now :-( but missed all my beautiful tweetlets too! hehe ^_^ xxxxx
he was always smiling.. :(
i miss you :(
wow, drunken fights are the worst, esp when he reveals something positive that you knew all along... :(
ack! *hugs* don't cry! i'm not sasuke! who makes ppl cry...no! shhh shhh please, please don't cry :(
working for 8 and a half hours wompppppp :(
i should not be allowed money. everything becomes a necessity when i have money :(
oh dear, hun, maybe you should go to the doctor's if it keeps on coming back? :( hope you feel better soon x
photo: john lloyd’s face! awww :( i haven’t watched this movie, like never.
just woke up from a nightmare :( my hand are shaking. :(
feeling quite #guilty for ruining our nice day out/anniversary :(
sittin in the hotel hallway with cuz we were locked out of the room for the night :-(
looking at the lovely sunshine and wishing i didn't have to stay in doors all day! :-(
if you go to cc mills today come see me at wilson's (: i work til 6 :(
blah! woke up with the sun this morninq which was very annoyiinq :(
jinja ? *liat tt* udh turun onn :( *maafjb 1 #alwayskeepthefaith jadi tt ke brp?
actual tears :( and just cried cause me and trixy were leaving. i feel famous.
i passed out at 6pm. :( long week at work took its toll finally. but the kiddos have #badass baskets for sunday!
yeah shitty mcshit shit state :(
laura's nasty weasely boyfriend spent the night. :(
wish you could get jls easter eggs :( but il send you one xd i loves yous xxxxx
going back to sleep, i have am feeling the worst kinda pain right now :(
satnite without #again :(
i swear i've been bitten by bed bugs before... it was really bad :(
sounds familiar hunni :(
i don't like being at the end of the line :-(
:( why why whyyy c'mon red devils
tt_tt" im really cryinggg :( *runs away*
ugh i homework to turn in for human relations and oral communications by midnite today :(
okies. :( next week then.
ahhh man ive not seen her all year! :( lol xxx
nyc w/ da ladies! remember thoz ny getawayz w/ :(
nope got no eggs yet :( x
cekidoot.. i won't go home without you-maroon5 nuu.. =d pgn nyanyiin ini,tp nggak ada di listnya :(
omg she's beautiful! why do beautiful girls have to live so far away? :(
i like you :-(
ihuuuuul \z , friend, the hates me, i feel it! : (
ooommmgg followed u :o i wish he would follow me :(
ohhh..im sorry for that :( she has said she'd go to japan(my country) but i dont know when..
oh i was busy so i thought you would reply and i wouldn't be available. :(
damn it i'm tearing up :-( #alwayskeepthefaith
miz u already... :( so lonely gonna miss u too sistha really gonna miz u a lot... (cont)
i love this song and video :( i cry when i look at it
tummy hurts :(
i bit the inside of mah lip .. it really hurts! :(
waitn for these english guys that are takin to long to come from the atm...bored and cold :(
outside the ground some carlsberg tour van here, some cock spouting off shit :(
i did for about 2hrs n now i'm sick :-(
you forgot #ipadline :(
the forum been down for a week for a week already, very sad :(
im sorry there :( i retract my statement lol
fck i lost a good friend last night :( heart broken...
nex time :)rt yaaaahhhh :(rt ayah bunda baru pulang :))rt mlm mggu e dbuat kmrn opo :(
can someone give me advice please?! :( :(
