gue butuh lo :(
awww, i lost a follower. :( follow me and i'll follow you! i swear.
cause i has da cold :(
friggin saturday. ugh. my body's so sore. :( good thing- i somehow memorized my song in my sleep? i remember everything.
unyuuu kalo pa min sama mat tidur bareng :( oh no!! narsim asked maham to go out, tonight!! (-̩̩̩-͡ ̗--̩̩̩͡ )
why today can't be 29. 04 ? i want to watch the last song :(
awwwwww!!! :( it gets abi like that!! i hvent seen him for 3 days lol... whos we missn?
ehh ichaaa..confirm dong,aku belom bisa ngeliat timeline kamu nih walaupun km udh follow aku :(
i hav stomach ache :( i think ive ate a bit 2 much chocolate lol
track, shootin, softball practice... aaaand sport n sun days come to an end :(
also, where is uncle marvel? :(
was going to come visit yesterday but cancelled because i needed to get stuff done before coming to bimingham today :(
less than 20 minutes left and no scores for man utd :(
that's what exactly came to mind when i read about it! :( #501carrotsformal
sampe kemaren siyy yakin,tapi hari ini raguuu banged sumpah..hiiks :(
cmonn uniteed! dnt do this to mme :(
ohh, donlod yg sampe ber-giga* itu e ? besak nian dind. setaun donlod darisini :( kecepetan donlot cuma 6 kb/sec. hedewww
haven't slept! this leg is hurting way too much!! :(
justin bieber! i'm comin to see you in august! (: i wish i could go backstage :( well happy birthday to your mom! your awsome (:
:( what about me ! :(
the fight continue with my cam... for the moment it win :-(
this storm is ridiculous. i just want to sleep! :(
really hits the heart :( nytimes: alexander mcqueen’s final bow
omg! this is cruel :( "best possible way to see boobs on chatroulette"
arrrggghhhh this tickly cough does not wanna leave meeeeeeeee ! ahh :(
:( how did you do that?
i-pad mania today!!! my tech friends told me to wait tho.. :(
at work :(
craving a coffee shop vanilla latte, and there are none near me :( stupid somerset!!
where is .. ? :(
wait a sec, class on sat morning? :(
on my way to gurgaon hope i rch today only :(
senasib :( bored
jahat :( tau deh pinter tauuu
just got called out to work so i can't do breakfast :( eat some yum yums for me! ps: it was great seeing you all last night!
on my way to london! wish i were on the water instead atm though :(
i slyly wanna watch this game but leaving my bed is quite an issue right now :-(
anjir. mie nya yg instant bkn? iya cal :( itu kalo procedure harus (cont)
yes they don't know how bout my feeling now :'( hei..whats wrong? :( suck (cont)
why do i have to go get my car looked at, at 9:30 am on my day off? i really just wanted to sleep in.... :(
btw, manycam gave my computer a virus lmao :( badtimes
terrible stomach ache this morn. better not ruin my saturday. grr. :-(
isn't anyone here? :(
no one message in ... :(
good morning. my team is loosing, :(
:( i know exactly what you mean. i miss them. but i'm kinda pissed that right as things started going well they kinda gave up.
lol! :( boo you. that was mean. hahahaaaha <3 youre just jealous that youre not me <33 hahahahaa!
i know...next year theres gonna be no more chem chem clas :( ohh well, we'll have frees to entertain the folks1 me+you=busking!
awww, i lost a follower. :( follow me and i'll follow you! i swear.
bye bye beach :(
haha :) you know i just chat with you, nobody mention me :( so sad
why? tell me i need your help :(
your underage, i'm underage if your a fan of a band your gunna watch the video no matter what it's just fact :(
back from the last song movie. its was amazing but sad :( everyone should go watch it <3!
oh, yeah i dont have very many followers sorry :(
new blog post!: a spectacle of sadfaces :( also, the analysis of my life
i wish you would....... know :(
it just all started yesterday. i put a call into my doctor but scheduling will be an issue as i work seven days a week :(
ahh i'm so ill and i'm still at work : ( sadface hope all my followers are okay : ) love you all and happy easter mwahhh xoxo
haha :) you know i just chat with you know nobody mention me :( so sad
what's wrong dear?rt :(
ahhh what?! :( thats wicked. i love disney, my mum will be so jealous ;)! xo
love the bigtubb glasses! i have been battling a migraine so i am a little slow today. great day for lots of sunshine :(
