nooooo! surjan on the stretcher :-(
pic i couldn't upload yesterday :( sins on my balcony...
back 2 puebla tonight :(
feck yeah :(
at tampa airport omw back. :( wish i could teleport.
wherever they are tonight is a hol inn apparently. i miss ashley. and i miss you :-( george has no foot stories :-(
me too..rt have a great party tonight.. sorry i can't join the party :(
awww wats wrong b, my hand is dislocated and sprained :-(
yeah, i'm feelin that too. i'm def lookin forward to wnba season as a whole, but i think ima b pissed the sky fo forever :-(
i am good :) only the weather is bad :( how about you?
6am flight 2 catch n im still up working on essay. others oredi sleeping. fck :( confirm die tmr x___x however, yess yess goin away <3
you know i got you! sooo sad you're not gonna be there with me :(
f u mike dean!, simply f u #manutd man utd, can't afford such tackles at this stage scholesy, :-( yellow for scholes
:( no ones asking anything...
mau kebab deh rasanyaa :( oatmeal is not enough.aaaaaaaa gendut!
i hate it when i get up early for no reason at all...maybe i can get back to sleep :(
uda pake 2hr yg lalu :( foto lg yaart seng wingi2 gk uplud sisan fotoq (cont)
media studies, photography & ict. & i'llprobably have to retake my maths gcse :(
got a fucking huge red mark on my head what my mum's done >_< blehhhh, hurts :(
ah di kbs world lg ada cerita tentang yang navy yang ilang di laut itu. ya ampun sedih banget :(
chocolatee! :-(
taylor, why is lisa temple allowed to teach? :( as soon as we get involuntary euthanasia and cloning...
thats true. im sorry :(
doesnt know how to work this and thinks its quite pointless :(
:( sorry! everything i say now wills b what they say so yu won't miss anything funny ;) btw, jared looks hot. his mohawk is down
i dont feel good :(
what no leather jock ? :-(
laper & kurang tidur :( slept at half past three last night & woke up at seven fifteen
heartbroken :( why does he have to do this.... shopping later...
i therefore conclude... (with a big, big sigh after) :(
need to find job..... :(
haha yeah, not much we could have done though :(
:) yup didnt see you yesterday! :( cool if u had a good friday! me too i had a good friday, with badmaash company's promos lol
dangggg! i missed my 3333 tweets :(
im so ill its awful mayn :( coughing sneezing! arghhh
most probably on wed...bt den v gt classes yar from 11th...evryday..frm 6:45 to 1:30 wid tests on alternate days..:( :(
touchtyping is all fun and games until somebody in rwanda changes the keyboard around. where did qwerty go? :(
i might be gone by the time u get here. :( morning!! 2 services today.. 845 and 1115 then on to ny! let's go!!
bahhh!! lunch with daddy's friends........ boring... :(
serem hiiii hooh, mana lg mellow, nginepp donk :( srius boy?? hwuaaaaaaa t.t
good morning. brice is up early. :-(
:( no pati pati then
i want cheese. :(
but what about alice in wonderland? kickass? clash of the titans?? and so onnnnn.. too many films :(
: ( nope but i am going for the first time this year. : ) x x
me 2 but i don`t know greek :( i think knows how to speak greek ! x
i want to see the new doctor in action but now it looks as if im going to have to iplayer it :(
wanna go back to sri-lanka~~~ i just miss that place sooooo much!!! :(
yeah :(
never say you love me back :(
but boo for that meaning me and times are way out of sync now :(
aye, i've currently got a 720p set, but as mentioned earlier it's taking between 1 and 2 mins to turn on :(
i want to see the aurora :(
watching the secret in youtube. the internet i so mabagaaaaal :(
heemmm..... they're holding hands,talking,laughing,hugging each other and i really wish was here.... :(
awh i just remembered scooter has court in a few days, :(
i'm in amsterdam, having a late breakfast. it's still raining :-(
new mattress ordered but shoes still broken :( #fb
you're kidding right :(
thanks!! my dad got rid of sky compeletely to save money and look what im missin! *cries* :-( xo lol..
r.i.p micheal jackson :(
low blow holly :( nah im joshing. so tired,this is what happens when pawl doesn't get into half 4 :l
soal apa bels (ngomong messages aja) soal'a tmben lo ky gini. :(
gots hw that needs to be done. :( this day sux.
:( headache ..
i want to eat my easter eggs, i love chocolate! :(
spring fling today... :(
i missed it cos i was at work! :( saw a little tho.
is jealous with americans & europeans for getting vampire weekend's gigs around their places. :(
fantastic now it has decided to rain :(
i really should be the size of a house :(
u sure ur not gonna regret it? i think ipads a piece of junk :(
workin! still can't check in with up here. thinks i'm way up in dallas :(
oh..so, 3am is too early? :(
betulan off. . :(
i am so unlucky :( nda nama ku ahh,..will try next year! you can do it mas..chaiyo2 btw bila interview mu?
just woke up and i'm still tired :(
can't decided which hoodie to take :(
what's this.. dbsk :(
:( did you have another nasty bio about microsoft? :l
omnomnonmonm that song used to be on like twice an hour, now its neverrrrr on!!! :(
also i go home next weekend so i'll miss you. boo :-(
i might buy myself a #jedwardeaster egg, to try getting a golden ticket. no-one got me an easter egg this year i think. :(
yes, i was also happy when cena won... but that hbk-thing.... :(:( too sad :(
if all of u guys wont make it up to join..then i'll go with the same dcision :-(
about to leave the hotel :( i dont want to say goodbye to this city. it's everything i love in 1 package. its my new favorite place
running late for work burned the shit outta my thumb and i think im gonna have to eat poptarts :(
just been to visit the chickens... poor things have no feathers on their wings and bums :(
:( lg ga ada stock ~,~rt cariin :(rt cuit cuit °,,~ jd pgn pny pcr
about to go in shoiwer but itunes has to update :(
sorry i coudlnt reply guys twitter didnt let me! :( i reply to u all now! i promise xx
my name has been removed from your mind? :(
i've to go -.- later i continued with the follows back :) please don't unfollow me :(
mau kebab deh rasanyaa :( oatmeal is not enough.aaaaaaaa gendut!
my damn phone died and snow bunny had 2 go 2 work :(
60% of the tweets here are about apple and their ipad. :(
i saw last nite he came round 4 dinner & hooked up my ps3 he has lost so much weight, where's my teddy bear gone???? :-(
oh, a wedding today & u have cold :(
i no but now my boy is turning into a man!!! :( maybe his voice will get better once it breaks ......
off to training, bit bleh, but hopefully rain holds off. we need somewhere to practice inside! :(
srsly? sorry baby :(
can i get someshoutouts pls????????? im helping ever one but i'm getting a few followers in return :(
if you want me to is tt ??? hha.. i'm not brave enough to tell my feeling for him.. :( *sigh..
same here :(
ughhhh why ppl unfollowing mee :(
mekko bhi!!!! i also want to shrikhand !! abhi abhi :( shrikhand laa do koi?? :(
he keeps calling me 'miss no lips' don't like it lol :(
tweetup #fail. :-( next time!
love them! saw them so many times. unfortunately they broke up :(
why the sad face lol iluv all girl cavs/lebron fans d.a < so u must love me then :(
every living creature is meant to die alone. i don't wanna be alone :(
i knoww :( but i guess they were never true #jonasbrothers fans , and the #jonasbrothers fan base is still huge :)
fuck no your not :( they always electric shock meeeee *cry*!!!
awwhh! :( where are you from then? o_o
was supposed 2 go out last night. took a powernap. ended up sleepin till the am. smh. sorry :( • its ok ;)
so. what's up? i'm bored.. :(
i went to the veterinarian for my dogs and i saw a mac in his office! it's not fair :(
i don't want to wake up... that means i have to work more :(
program sonrası gördüm tweetinizi :(
:-( i never got one.
no news about purdy sofar... don,t think its gonne happen today then :(
can't sleep....up after tossing and turning in bed for 3 1/2 hours. it stormed for every minute of those 3 1/2 hours too. :(
played some mario 64 ds, boring as hell :(
i can't believe spring breaks already over :( on the brightside, only 2 more months until summer and only 2 more cub issues this year!!
yeh me2!! :( erm im not sure yet im gna have to look :) my mum has done my hair and i look like i have a wig on! :( lol!!
the weather is so shit to day ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh :(
good morning...bed at 8 and i'm still tired :-(
