we aren't compatible :( xox
omg!! guys i'm so so so sorry!!! i changed my password. :( i don't know what i did to "him" but i hope you guys aren't upset. :(
what about joe? :(
i know! a dream come true! but i can't borrow books from the local library. will have to stick with the nook or sony for now :-(
thanks well im ok ..but i just cant take it when my mom starts to cra ..it just hurts to see your momy crying :(
you're making me feel old. :( i heart neon.
:( pwease dont :(
getting ready for work. i wish i didn't have to. :(
i think i'm going to have to unfollow all the supernatural blogs, there's too many season five spoilers :(
now using web site to change phone set up (it id mine as bb pearl) but no bold 9700 on miq database! why? :-(
.. come back :(
having a panic attack right now. haven't had one of these in a long time :( help!
back. although i'll have to practise piano for like 7 hrs...for work tomorrow. :(
loooooool so why was you shaking your head at me? what did i do? :(
hi tommy! i'm bored at work and miley cyrus is on the radio. :( save me.
what you watching?? mums hogging the tv :(
kk just call my house when your coming my phone broke :( i'll tell you how later
i was singin caught up in the rapture to sheron last night she told me to shaddup :(
damn i just realized i ate meat :(
you just say me stupid?! :( dunch frenx euu
aw. well. ill be sad with you. :(
wow...2 people unfollowed me.. i hate this... they r jerks people.. i hope u guys not like them... :(
oops... too late... sorry :(
i'm tiiiiireeed of just beeing a normal girl :( i wanna be an extraordinary girl :9
damn i gets no love on twitter anymore ! :(
still feeling a bit sick :( can't complain though, suck it up and enjoy the day!
happy hour ends in 15 minutes :( i'm keeping my friend company while she works. turns out it's a two-person job.
rafael kieling.....nao deu pra manda por dm porque voces nao sao meus followers :(
euheuheuhueheuhe
saddened? :(
the shoppe is hiring! :( hope noelle can get on here, though :)
i hate it when i woke up and theres no message from you :(
of coursee i remember u ;d and miss u so much :( how have u been?
i run into so many people that lived there. i loved it, such a great location. my last friend there is moving out in june :(
smh... i wanna lie dooown! just gimme like an hour!!! my stoomach hurts soo bad liike :(
hmm..... like, no #groupie status, i really wanna g0 t0 figure 8 t0 see r0sc0e dash♥... but yea, i doubt if i make it :(
i feel like crying, i already do not know what to tell you to follow me :(
eh eh eh please dong yg ikut afs yg sebut-sebut afs-nya,masih inget nih gue sama cacian sih iblis" itu :(
just got ultrasound done. baby was head down on tuesday but might be breech now. waiting on results :(
omg my momz fryin onions my eyes burning like hell :-(
bring me home hugos :( taunts us with this wonderfulness that is hugos!!
why am i at the dentist?! i hate this place! :(
ended up waiting for nate...gated queue. :(
was having so much fun on april fools day that he wasnt able to wish me a happy birthday :( oh well.
my head hurts :(
can't stay & play... still working :-( hey cath, that nive0us blow for jon? are we talking about coke? ;-)
yea..its not looking cute today. sadface.com :(
i cant go tomorrow cuz i couldnt get any money :(
still coughing like crazy...and my voice is still trying to come back :-( are you feeling better?
gabe is talking about redecorating his apartment lol it makes me wonder if he really did break up with bianca :(
i sooo need a new microphone :(
what's up bossy? jah kno mi miss links dem nah lie! :-(
little sweet pea likes the little chicks, your right thomas can't find this in this part of the world :( so sad
:( growing up sucks.
headache :( haven't had a headache in so long
