ehm .. ehm .. ?? what a boring day...miss the gorgeous one so much :(
just got my free sprue from very nice, if a little fragile (gluing thumbs back on is hard :( )
mongie gets stalled in the desert :(
im so sleepy right now, and its only 8.35 pm. hais :(
i can't lmao il them too much :(
just made suji halwa after so long.....every1 is saying its ok...i had it..it's not edible..... :(
gausah ngebahas pacar dulu dh kyaknya :( kebanyakan brondong kek gitu . pacaran cuman wadt have fun
yess it's way early going to church for some workshop :( #nowplaying single-nkotb ft neyo:)))
missing u 2 7bb mrrrra nfsy ashoofk :(
i'll try not too :( x
i havent watched my recording of american idol yet and they just said who got kicked off on tv! noooo didi was my favorite!!! :(
wtf is wrong with neville anyways :-( #manutd man utd yellow for g.neville
a little : (
dhini sakiit ap poo?? kasihan lemah terkulai tak berdaya :(
sbut merk oen . >< fair aaa..? yaa itu ull . :( ambu"ne tentang cowok iki.. haha gimana
till 7pm i have nothing to do. :(
should be good! trying to pick an appropriate outfit for doctor who tonight... i have no tweed :(
ahhh you and lia cant make it, god sake :( im going to london on tuesday so i dunno if i'll see you x
yah off :(
ninguém disse que seria fácil :(
:( there was this guy in the female changerooms and there's been some 'disturbances' and now a police helicopter are circling the campsite
that "empire state of mind" song is doing my head in! its in heavy rotation on all radio stations. its not a even good song! :(
i'll keep listening to i'm yours until i get tired of it... :( *let go, let go*
extremely upset i'm missing out on watching csk's awesomtastic run at the m.a.c stadium! :-(
aduh jgn iri mbak hhe.. so sweet ihh :( aku ngiri huhu if i could sing,the first song i would sing for
:( boooo
he hit 11 sixes, maaan. why on earth did i not turn on the i-box! :(
walau! you say wna let me go interview. :(
mom :( she was just pissing me off . gosh . but now it's over . gaa enak marah lama" . not more than 10 mins .
omfg! holly willoughby is on the german cosmopolitan. but my mom didn't want me to buy it :(
recently quite uncomportable for me coz of some rude guys. :( hmm..
that was really difficult. :(
im starting to dislike ebay :-( i sold a bag and a watch and neither buyer has paid. i'm going to go and sulk at waitrose
santai beibeh :) udaaahh. aduuuhh sorryy bgt ya med :( vik check you're dm pleaseee
can my players keep the ball, please?.... and avoid more yellow, thank you!!!! :(
about to head to the stade du france. chucking it down with rain so this could be a kicking contest today :( come on stade!!
that's gotta be frustrating. bad luck taylor :(
the hood people not here yet :( lol
celeste wants a hug from ashley tooo! :(
eh carger gue ada di rumahg nih gue mau ambil sekarang ya bye ! :(
well someone called me a flaming emo. i win! gutted i didn't see you :( next time though definitely!
now i'm scared! manu is making me scared.. :(
don't have friend... :( jom jom!! dah lama seh tak main in the rain
the day you follow me would be the day my dreams come true!!!!! im 1 in 1,703,403 follower :( please make me that 1!! xxx
sorry mate, i dont think theres been any official announcements about the release of igy anywhere else yet :(
doesn't seem good at the moment :(
phantaradical!!!! im tryna watch this match but my belly is crying :(
still failing :( tell me about it. lol i'm super y!m fail.
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-( /via what? not got an early hands on? you need to get in touch with
goin back to manila tomorrow :( miss those years when i din't have to leave the province after holy week coz it's already summer break :(
reading the picture of dorian grey, it is extremely boring but everything that has to do with school is, so no surprise there :(
crucial match for rr today! 246 is baaad :( prayin for my state's sake & sake :) halla bol!!
its raining outside too bad!!!!:( :(
i love to do my hair n nails, put make up on n get sexy lol but my blackberry got a scratch! :(
i enjoyed sleeping in yesterday. now i'm up early to go to work. :(
i wiiiiill :(
yellow card for gary neville :(
:o no way! poor you! :( mine is on the verge of death, im contemplaing an iphone. but im too attached.
gracee :( mau ceritaaa
no, i don't get to anymore. :-( you?
yer i think i have like ten bucks in the whole world from occasionally babysitting :(
i love but he wont follow :( xoxoxoxoxoxo
i struggle with depression too iv been depressed for 4 years now but im gettin medication :( x you will be fine
uuugh, raining here.. is away to the sun booooo!!! :( be back later.. byeeee
i know, i always hope about it but it seems hard :( no one care >"<
the weather matches my mood :(
up but unable to get out the bed.... :-(
last 2days :(
mau dong gue belom makan nih :( ahahaha .gue lgi makan nih fath ;) mau ? astagfirulloh tedut -,-
can't breath properly. :(
ewwwwww today i hav to go shopping 4 my 3 day feild trip :(
waww..rt were not closer anymore :(
oh crap! it's saturday, it's beautiful outside and i've to work today too!!! :-(
gooooooood! i miss you when you're goneee! :(
confuse.. i love him :(
k guys at #work now even on a sat :-( i need cheering up!! aaahhh! i missed something really important, well important to me #allnightlong
i can't breathe :(
why so fierce :(
catching up with my bestfriend through our walls, wonder why she's offline thru chat. :(
tired tired and bored :( ow
man how every fucking time i think im over that shit, it comes back to me. im all fucked up in the head now. :( i hate it.
ahay ketahuan sudah... sbut merk oen . >< fair aaa..? yaa itu ull . :( ambu"ne tentang c
i'm tired of dis my fone oo. y is it nt charging now?? :(
a ta caindo :( #jonasbrothers
do you have your nose pierced ? if so did it hurt ? no i don’t :( the picture was a tester to see if it...
sounds like someone is dying up here. homie def just coughed out a lung & a half :( poor thing.
you cant make up your mind, mind, mind, mind, mind. please dont waste my time, time, time, time, time. :(
all this just for a tweet its well worth it but i bet i wont get one :(
getting ready to go to my aunts house :) butt the hard part is that my friends that have been here are leaving i will miss them :( love ya
apartment hunting for my dad... some random guy crashed into his motorhome leaving him homeless :( #aptlist
wanna have yellow chicken bang!!!!! :(
loving the nice weather! shame i have to work :( hope its this nice tomorrow :)
i have been abused!my butt and my arms hurt :( [delayed]
todae iz sucha chillllled day im missin mah hauwie girlie sooo much :( #nowplaying official girl -cassie ft. weezy
after a great tennis match with my body is asking for a replacement :(
i'm assuming that would be huge on me :/ and not look right :( anyone know different? lol
just realize his both hands are redish... sun burnt! :(
i disagree with appropriation in photography and i cant believe i have to "steal" up to 20 images for my photography course :(
bollocks!!!!!!!!! :( yeah i speak english england now, thanks #manchesterunited
up in the air, sad but fantastic. people actually live their lives like that to different degrees :(
eh, that's no fun :( on the bright side, you'll soon be the owner of a shiny new #ipad
oh no my great gran is in hospital. apparently she really isn't well :(
you should do a flirty tweet.. we miss them :(
smells something fishy just around the corner.. uhmmmm... i need to make decisions very very quick or else.. :-(
just finished writing my exam dates into my school diary... 19 exams from may 18 to june 24 >_< not long now :(
went to see remember me last night. it was ok....the twist at the end made it. didn't see that one coming :(
this nigga makin 90 million for 3 years and i'm makin 9 dollars every 30 minutes :(
orang-orang yg nge-follow gue pasti followersnya udah 100 ke atas nah gue? 50 aja belom :(
why do liquor stores have to close? :(
okay, so its kinda sad then in 4 days, like 5 peeps gave me a shoutie, and like 3 peeps talked to me! :(
not looking forward to today :(
hi.. sorry, but i dont think i will be on the computer today.. :( so this might be my only tweet for today.. <3
waiting for a loop-hole to become a profesional singer.
thinking about writing songs :(
i think suguen needs the guys to be funny i saw sangsangplus once -- it wasn't funny at all :(
missing my cats right now : ( wish miki could live here with me.
wish i could attend lost's marathon :(
satnite without him :( huaa
isn't feeling great :-( x
ㅋㅋㅋㅋbukannya sok abg ya cha?? sok abang abang khkh hujan... #contohtweetabglabil :(
....argh. :-( #agreed
is a little sad after seeing the vacancy sign to replace me at work :(
the internet seems to be sold out of adult size pikachu costumes, lame :(
endless love i will always provide... but who should i share it with? :(
oh, you are so so so ruining my appetite for indomie :(
a where it says subject yo write ur message which i did in my mail it says sent but i can't find it thort it wud come here :(
no seat!!! :(
