dear twitter, doesn't love me anymore :(
xxx
i feel o so very tired ; long day wurk 2day ! :(
didn't see something like that coming. i never thought any of their lyrics reflected that shit :(
had no choice :( but...now its me time finally and best part is another 2 days of pure happiness :))
omg she is 2 :( i really dissapointed in her if thats real!!!!! whoa! miley cyrus is smoking?!
i miss my baby :(
c'mon everyone help me get to 1000, i look at 's amount and wanna cry :( hahahah
manchester united is losin' :( comee on guys!! fuck chelsea up #joriking
abi o! lol pe le, enjoy boring match..rt k, cool. me, i dey watch match by force! :( (cont)
i kno i'm late but u dnt understand, they gang up on me ... lmao .... o gosh u too? :-( : oh hush ! l0l .
:( kpn dong kt jalansss? anw, hows un?
hahaha i know! omg but i miss you :( let's hang before spring break ends. or at least have lunch or something
no, hahahahahaha omg i didn't mean it like that. i meant it in a way that i was sad for you about having to say bye to jacob :(
kak i'm sorry. i couldn't find any of sj dvd around itc :(
your last tweet had which says kakahkstan service@nooka is monday-friday :( but they will reply
im bored too :(
otm enchanted (gila, gua kaya cewe),,,, tp udh ending :(
still drunk from last night night. f...m...l. :(
sleeping on my stomach does not make for a happy neck :(
tmr going out early cos having my taekwando exam. brown belt leh.. need rmb 4 pattern. wish me all the best and is jurong east there :(
my nephew just arrived from manila. i missed him badly. so sad miggy angd jorge wasn't able to come :(
why? :(
:( pik khilaf retweet aaaaa you always come when my hope nearly end.
cappadocia n istanbul for 1 week :( can't text, can't chat
i want the ticket for show "just for money",but i don't want go to buy it at alibaba tonight :(
dead tired :-(
at leasts your in lists :(
going to the air port :(
goodmorning!! can't believe the week is ending :( ..but still..is a sunny day and so i'll reach it at the pool ;)
memo to self...never ever think it'll be a good idea to just bung that cashmere jumper in the same load as black trousers :(
is it weird that i miss you guys? :(
need more followers :( help only got 127 !! beth started after me and shes got more !! :lx
chelsea..?? :(
i can't bear to watch the man utd vs chelsea match :(
aku ga diajak :( -_-"rt j-co ing with ini margo city rame kyk pasar malem
im watching that :) the boy is fitt. aww man so sad when he cry's :(
pfft :-p yeh he does! bugs me too and they killed edgar :-( .. lesleys probably yeh, can pick u up after dr who if u want?
ahh i don't have tickets :( but i definitely need to be there.
clash of the titans was not all i was hoping for... :(
come on uniteeeeddddddddd !!!!! :(
watching ris tour videos <3 omgg misses & so so so muchhh :(
oh, so true! is jealous with americans & europeans for getting vampire weekend's gigs around their places. :(
yep, but you have to freeze your arse off in beer gardens not inside with a cozy fire :-(
benci gue sama lo tapi .....sayang :(
i miss you francine :(
satnite without my man, even if by phone :(
i don't think so with my heart :( people change so does the heart. #tls
no summer fashion workshops for me :( sad sad sad. saturday summer classes i hate you!
says not so good day :(
i hate every one of u that was at jute last night and ur still at home in bed :( !
whats up? :(
you're so lucky :(
#alwayskeepthefaith :(
is boared :( any ideas of what i could do to entertaine myself ?x
..no comment :( lol
oh great. an unfollower :( -sigh- two more!
cup cup cup, coba cari2 lagi di tas :) gatau :( waduuh ilang shen?? ko bisa??
at the airport with berbs :(
oh, alryt... nop, none i guess.. :( u gat sumfin' 2 share..?
watching girls aloud : live at wembley on vh1 oh how i miss the girls! :(
i haven't seen inglorious basterds yet :( i is deprived.
lool, seee ;) speak to you later :( i'll miss you though :/ talk to for me ;) byeeee <3
exactly hahaha. i have like 10+ comments to return each day and it's a pain :( i guess taking a break is the only solution.
officially switching back to firefox. chrome just crumbled for me. constantly stuck on "resolving host" or "connecting". bummer :(
no one has one im mates with :(
#kcafail the jobros should've won.... that was an sad time for me :(
what. kind of. rap is the west coast pushing. did. 1 raper. fuck us. up? :( ???
hahahaaha no! it's the opposite, she bullies me all the time :( i'm nothing but nice to her lol
kills the mood off.. :(
i love watching trainspotting :) watching on spence up the town center. wow. cumbernauld is dull :( x
morning, everyone. they aren't so good 'cause i'm going to bonao :/ i just don't want to :(
how was there no foul on anelka there by ferdinand? :( #givechelseaafuckingfreekick
berbatovvvv how can huh??? hampiiir lhoooo :(
i've only seen it once before though and orlando bloom got stabbed with a pitch fork which sort of broke my heart :( so...
really want to have a free ticket to watch tokio hotel concert in malaysia :( "everyone connect with tokio hotel"
get rooney back!!! please :(
grabe ang itim ko na! so tired. dinner time then off to the beach again! bonfire. <3 i miss tugue and my girls :(
arghhhh so so so bored!! there's nothing good on tv :(
that's bad.. i dont have touch screen to test. :( was thinking to use emulator from surface sdk but i think it wont work..
where is at this time :(
ow, i pulled a muscle in tennis :(
why ? :(
apanya yg ga enak ? gk enakk :( kenapa ?
i was going to write 'among other things' but tutted at me. :(
more stressed with the match then maths final exam x_x or anything else :( cmon united!
(cont) well she served three years now she's out and only has 2 yrs probation. saying she copped to lesser charges :(
goood morning :) my throat is killlllling me. ughhh :(
sometimes its not only the bad memories that's making you sad but also the best ones which you know will not happen for the second time :(
tomorrow's going to be a long day :(
benci gue sama lo tapi .....sayang :(
did you dm them for me ? :(
my new mobile crashed :-( took it to the dealer and seems it might needs to formatted.!!
feels mega unwell.... again :(
i can't even think straight now... :( #alwayskeepthefaith
i got far too little sleep last night :(
i'm up geez :( :wake up mutha'fuckas..yall aint doin shit today away..lazy bastards.. -_-
can't handle a lot of things right now :( ....thanks for the ff# guys & happy early easter
and daithi wouldnt let us move and told us off and aaron threatened to leave and daithi said go ahead :-( i felt like a prick.:-(
nice! my coffee wid karala spl. chips. >>> :(
yay! i'm going home :) spring break is almost over though :(
jesus christ!!!!!!!!!!!!! i need som kind of miracle ryt now :(
mario kart fails at life! keeps disconnecting every time me and try and join in a game :(
in my dreams you're mine.. :) ..but,in my life you're my dreams.. :(
my timeline is cool ! no such friends in my list after hbo and start movies .. twitter is the place i hear all f and s words :(
:( :)
i woke up and could barley breath :(
and i wish was coming! :( hope you're having fun in the a, widda!
hahaha :) i miss it :(
hahahah, i bet it wont even happen :(
smoking brakes on my car is not good and now a 3 4 hour wait for breakdown service to arrive :( i'm bored
homework dayyyy........fun :( maybe getting some laundry done too
bustin jebier not a tt ?o.o but jedward are ...ugh :(
haha, ah it connected briefly, then disconnected, arrghh! :(
cameron crowe #dzp movie news: << not getting any better. :( #weboughtazoo
dont say that :(
sorry to hear that. :( hope you feel better soon.
why ruin gene hunts body by cut and pasting david cameron's face on his face, tory party :(
having such a hard time accepting the fact that the 12 yr mark of my dad is coming up sooon. i miss him so much :(
you chose them, i don't care. now i hate you, everything about you! i hate you. really, you changed! :(
