nothing special. :(
i'm in mourning..daylight savings finishing soon :-( goodbye summer xx m
ew, not burger king :(
not on a friday night. maybe thursday...aww that was our last one for a while. :(
i will eat your underwear with grape juice then i'll break a bass in your head if you don't reply me :( kidding but...reply me.
rain, rain, rain... that's how my easter holidays look like :( #nature #travel #twitter
oh.. cool. where dyou get all these info? :)) anyway, nud ka suju :( hindi sold out. booo us.
eliza you need to remind me of these things so i can watch :( i just watched a movie with such a sad ending, i need comedy
long story :(
will you get to cornhill later? i'm stuck finishing the packing here :(
going to work :(
i can't go back to sleep. :(
;) don't know firefly :(
im afraid jenna will, uh, you know, tell josh to leave #paramore. but! but! he is the leader of the band. he should not leave! :(
the fruit shoot audition team have not heard of your website :(
aw shucks someone asked me a really tough question :( it wasn't a hateful one, but it made me sad to think about it
i know how u feel i get like that too :( gettin kids ready is loooonnnggg!
me too baby, but we already try the best, right? :) cepcep.. ga ada kesan glamournya triit.. bete banget aku.. :(
i rushed home from dinner to finish up on freelance work... :(
i don't really know what happened i zoned out for most of it :( at least it's not just me #spn
damn it :(
now im hungry :( nak daim cake and meatballs jugakkkk
i can't even feel my legs... soo tired :( coz its been like 2 months since i went there
bad times tricia :( i blame the rain!
yep i get poor bsnl coverage inside my home :(
iyo din , kalo lem kan bwt org bsar haha lending sore kah boss?rt paling les din :( (cont)
:(
i really don't wanna get out of bed right now, or go to this stupid egg hunt that i'm stuck volunteering at :(
now is when i need a time-turner so i can fast forward to 10:30. chick-fil-a doesn't serve chicken nuggets until then. :(
yeah :( caleb fell back asleep on me and he never does that when he's up in the morning. tree pollin is bad right now.
losing again... ho hum :(
i hate cute couples.. i wanna be a cute couple with someone :( haha
so tireeeeedd :(
why u keep bringing that up one. angry u edi. :(
well sorry for expressing my opnion :(
soo tired ... need to tidy my room :(
so what does vendela do 11:45 at night, she sews her fathers jeans :(
is there any way to share youtube videos with youtube friends an more? :(
:( another mu night at bukit hijau! care to join? fish and chips, salad, hot dogs and (cont)
mnrtmu? *pura2marah thn, wht shud i do? maaf aj g ckp!! huhuhu maafff :(
aarrgh!!!! cant fit everything in this week. so much 2 do not enough time to do it in!!! grrr :(
i wish. :(
alone fe el uni :( .. working on emilie's crap :@
i wished i'd wished... :(
sorry to all my genelia team :( cudn't attend the go party :( really sad
not that many! keep on leaving em on planes and in clubs :(
#peopleshould send some easter eggs my way!!! i don't have any :(
ugh :( everybody now hates me ;(
whos swapping where? haha well if there is 3 of you and only 2 seats you will just have to sell the row 2 ones? :(
more smiley's?: ok recently i've seen people using these characters: :( ;) in the chatbox with no smiley to back them
bagus, percaya mah sama allah swt hahahart: hahaha payaaaaah tp gapercaya gue sm lo gw totally give up :(
hate the bus, i should be driving in now :(
happy easter holiday mami blues i am omoni oboli #irepresentnaija!!! i miss u all so muchhhhhh :( work's been really hectic
really upset about missing the tempest tonight.. n my phone's still not working. worst weekend :(
#501carrotsformal #alwayskeepthefaith up leyyy :( .
urgggh i feel sick! ron is sicking up slugs. urrrgh! :(
bagii :( mkan d'creps chilidog ..
mnding dipaksain ikut drpd susulan syg :( huu cpt sehat yaa ikut ujian ga' yaaa ??huhu ga sembuh sembuh ---> nangis :'(
im afraid jenna will, uh, you know, tell josh to leave #paramore. but! but! he is the leader of the band. he should not leave! :(
nuduh gua mulu.. :( ghinaghn ini yang bajak twitter gua asshole!rt sedih gaada
woo, baby waby 8d i want nedglasses cause i want to look smart :( just like you
#ff claudia, a woman who loves honeybees almost as much as i do, except she actually has some currently--i cannot. :(
go to doctor, something wrong with my hand :(
why can i never sleep in anymore :(
didnot understand the tweet :( virsanghi is correct. you like that man because he is one. admit it
baha, phone til i knock with jml, i ko'd first. :( whoops!
made cheesecake (: it is massive. also i feel cruel that i ate a lindt bunnies ears :(
it looks nasty out :( where is the sun.??
huaaaa, batere ku udh mau abis :(
yeah just the final.. gutted :(
im sorry :(
tidaaaak kokkk,dhieee bantuin install thesims.....huhu gue gabisaaaaaa :(
thanks i would rather leave him with his sisters than come home and get the 3rd degree of the ex he is the jealous sort :(
im so not feeling it today :(
aw lads my wrist keeps crackin its kinda gettin sore. : (
suddenly miss him :( do you ...??
is losing her weight while i think i'm gaining mine! a lot. huhuhuhu. i just can't stop eating. :(
