good morning tweeps...mata ini susah bgt dbukanya :(
wow thanks for reminding me of the nsn show tonight that i cant go to. :(
then so i had to go to a new guy. he's super sweet but he's not nearly as good as my bradley :(
kk ttyl gotta get inside. too cold out & lonely :( haha
lol, not had much myself, bout 4 hrs last night i think :( silly twitter lol
cleaning my room, boo hoo :(
made the mistake one time of speaking a bit of chinese in restaurant and manager thought i was fluent. that was dumb. :(
killing the real cars :( rt: reinventing the automobile | slideshows
awwwww :( i picked up for jeff.....lol help me here :)
i am :( i haz a cold.
yeah, yeah! and i already had one twisted :(
fuuuuuuuckk lebowski-fest is this weekend, i can't go! :( pillow fight day is tomorrow in pershing square at 3.
i really want to smash my ipod & car into a wall, but instead i took it out on someone i love :( looking back i should've broke the ipod.
i knooooow...i was just crying so hard, the words to that song melts my heart. i miss him so much...starting to cry again :(
why are they here :(
aww, i'm sorry :( which one? the tn one or the alabama one?
really? my spring break started a week ago and tomorrow im leaving :( . but i get to see my dog and my puppy :)!!
pq :(
i wanna be ur bestie ! my twitter friend is not online either :(
leave me :(
noooooo! :( ugh orioles pitching great cuellar dies of cancer at 72 ...
yeah but she only had it for 5 minutes. :(
oh my god! me too! :(
:( i have been slacking in the craftiness dept lately. need to get back to it so you'll be proud of me.
:( i am just not right now
selon ae dek oh kirain :( bukaan aku kak? abis ngunfollow orang gak penting wk
ach schade :(
oh huh ? wat u taaaaalkin about ? lol (i throw them up in my spare time :-x) wassupp tho? where you beeeen :-(
why didnt you tweet that denard span hit his mother with a foul ball? lol that was a trivia question on thursday, didnt know :(
i def. gotta try something other than blk : ( ughh oh & other than spanish guys too lol
just came in from doing some yard work and now having the worst allergic reaction ever! :(
gotta get ready for work :(
aww hun :( ...try be as positive as you can :s i know its hard, i wish december was tomorrow, soo much. :'(
really? :( buju banton's mom is dead !!
that's awful! :(
am not weird :( they r mingying chewy things ahaa :)
aww matty why couldnt u end up going? :(
got a flattt tire :( now im back home waiting to get dropped off like #backintheday
pissed off i cant type messages on socialstream 2 ! i wanna talk 2 him and its nt lettin me say anyfinn :( x
yeah, our metro areas are the blue islands in the red sea, sadly...i know exactly how it is. :(
watching bad boys two dumb bored someone txt or call me!!!! :(
:( :( where's joey? :( :(
i will look on my pc tomorrow! i was at the front!! lol i will really bad in them pics :-( x
yes, the soft nude :( i'll have to buy another.
i know u like anyways :( xx
rafa? he played roddick. he won the first set 6-4 playing awesomely and then he slowed down and andy stepped up his game. :-(
i wanna goto dha movies lol but i need a date :(
can't believe this.. :(
on my way home from a very emotionl visit to the hospital :(
damnn i dnt have a car whea yu at thoe? « off broad, im stranded and my moms buggin and wants me home! lol :(
omg the first bad review :( i did not like why did i get married 2 :(
we're not getting any closer? :(
yep :(
:( o-€¥яuš™ worrk tuesday smh ima see if o-€¥яuš™ can be off
sorry already got one :( got any of the other kids?
i am in one of those depressing moods now. :(
i didn't get to finish it yet! :-( i had to run a few errands, but when i left he was talking to the teacher from his class.
0_o :( she's bothered!
where are you? miss you around here :(
awww, textp is gone :(
haha too much food in general :(
#ff even tho she doesnt tweet me :-(
think chest infection has come back.. ten times worse :-( feel like i've broken a rib from coughing so much last night :(
nobody wants to add me on msn :(
#zodiacfacts #libra opposite sign: aries ««i guess this is why me & p didn't work :-(
<<< talk to her cuz, she feels lonely! :(
maybe... it'll cost me $250 tho :( incl 6mths waranty...
how old was i when i stopped dying easter eggs? :( i miss that
i know, but i didn't see her there :(
brown eyes passed away a few days ago :(
that sucks, i die if i lost my ipodia...i hope u find it :-(
ur welcome! how r u? i feel like we never talk or anything i miss u so much :(
lucky you !! here, there isn't spring break :( because, we just have 2 season. and monday, i still follow test..
lol i never hurd of em being eatin together i want some chocolate and popcorn :-(
i just feel like me being sick holds back my friends from wanting to hang out with me :( how are you doing now?? any better?
:( my heart just broke for nat. #oltl
haha it's fine and not really :(
wehh idk if i can do happy hour anymore... i have practices on thursdays at 5 :( cant be going drunk to practice #notagoodlook
that is evil!! i didn't get it :(
my  just cleared all of my contacts** damn! how?? better not happen to me :-(
nice! i am at a wedding and am the d.d. :(
off to the gym with huero and poppa rocha!( i cant call them inlaws no more :( day 2 baby! lets get this shit done!
hahaha, oh that sucks :( how old are u?
lol i know right!! i hear ya but idk maybe he saw and couldn't say anything :( idk
yea, most of them didn't text back : (
leaving soon! going to miss everyone :(
it just kills me when i see people with manageable hair that's not managed :(
buatin dong viiit :( udaaa.. tinggal di ketik di print deh eh udh pr report teks maam blm?
aww kate i hate seeing you vernable :( i wish i could spell also
concerned my ipad still says it is in anchorage. :-(
canada has men in hats who say hello fellow canadian though :(
get well soon dye!!! pareho kayo ni jason may sakit. :( he got cold, slight fever & headache
that sucks :(
oh no :( who will keep me inline lol
:( sry beib! hpku yg henghong..
i can still be your gbf! just because i'm not exclusively gay, give a guy a break amelia :(
:( didnt mention me in his #ff's today...ive been forgotten about
i hope so too :( i'm sooooo tired lol
i need twitter friends :( --- lmaoo add cj
im great, but litte lonely :(
not getting twitter! really confusing and have 0 friends so far hahahahah :(
my bff is in the 804 on my bday weekend and hasn't made plans to see me :(
i could never bring myself to kill whacka :(
hey ii wanna talk to nd simpllyy_regine on aim tooo :-(
he's pretty cute, oh my buddha. they're right, i'ma boy freak :(
idk what to dooo :(
im dying for taylor nation to begin. it says in march, but :(
no talking with polly for two weeks ahh :(
follow me please i'm moving tomorrow! :(
i wish i was at u of i right now. huge party going down with a ton of my friends. :( i should have went.
i know :(
good morning :(
easier said than done. :-(
:( i could rock c cups... yeah...
this girl who i've been knowin' for almost 'half' of her life is turning into 'something' i don't understand :(
i want some chocolate and popcorn :-(
the final insult. :( chicago developer to raze the old tower records on sunset for office/retail space
in an internet cafe, missing my computer..... :(
that sucksss :( aww. i'm sorryy
this weather is givin me flasbacks of this past summer ! ahhhh i miss it so much :(
oppa! i need help. :(
i am fucking freezing :(
still can't see any updates. come on twitter!!!!!! :-(
ignoring me! tut tut! :( *cries*
lol yeah, well it's not like i can move there unfortunately :(
yeah i feel you babe thats a big piss take on life : ( n i dunno i had a talk with kayo las night n i just hate being single now
baby update: no baby. they sent home :( she's pretty miserable too. in pain and can't walk. oh well...maybe tomorrow.
its friday.. why are you bored? :-(
