seriously? i'm so disappointed tonight!!!!!! drunk + disappointment = boooo! :( fuck this, good night every fucken person in this world!
my ankle hurts like a mother. looks like i won't be dancing any till this nasty swelling goes down. :(
yea. i'm angry now :(
i hate this bi-polar weather!! :(
browsing journals till i drop now :(
urgh! i hate making paypal claims too, they take far longer than they ever need to :(
well how do i know that, you could just be saying that :(
aaah! is that a horror movie? gosh, please turn off the tv :(
i feel lonely without online. i have nobody to argue with now :( #alwayskeepthefaith
aww. youth camp is over. :( had soo much fun.
aku lg sakit pelut ga mau jauh2 :( yah,aq otw pim... :( plaza indonesia, sini (cont)
my vacation is over :( should of extended it!!!
can't make a new youtube account. :(
oh yeah! but then im a singer, we love the bathroom! :) my computer got rained on :( still hvnt got a new one. must! must!
oh hai sutherland. you bring back memories :(
i work both jobs today. i don't want to :-(
have 2 go 2 my nana 2day -.- it's her b-day 2morrow .... boooring :(
yeah, we've been there too. it's miserable, esp for the players :(
nosah, u were chillin with ur girls, i ws with my bros and u was like "hey baby" and came and sat on my lap.. then i woke up :-(
untung ga menguras dompet ya cin.. gw teparr!! :( on my way to my dear wedding... ke (cont)
was it lethal enforcer? argh, now i can't remember the song that was in my head. :(
:( have you got a baseball bat?
~ only available in the us :(
just realised have taken the "boot from other os" out with the latest update :( why? this will just encourage hacking now!!
good morning all... well it looks like rain.... :(
can i have a shoutout please, i really need more followers :(
i really wish i can see u live someday... :( a great day! show #1 of our seated tour and we reached 200,000 fans on facebook
can't breathe, can't sleep, can't snuggle :(
have 1 as a student but i was only able to afford it cause we have a really good student deals on t-mobile phone contracts here :(
i've come to the conclusion i'm sick of my life. it's boring. i live for my college life. but it's a lie. that's the real me. here...meh :(
says pot* nagwithered nnman :( (angry) (tears)
oh my.....how long? lol. :( can't wait awww.
really not in the mood today. want cuddles and cuppas, not shoplifters & hassle :(
me too :-( i hate having to tidy my room lol
udah cari sing koh lokal aja..qiqiqi feels like having a long distance relationship :(
shame on u for tuning in :( #nowplaying something by justin bieber on 104.8 u_u
*heart ddoohh! what happen to me? from this morning my heary beating faster :( rrggh! what happen?!
:( wish u were here already!
another day & more hail :(
please :( ga suka kaya gini .. somebody talk to me !
a quiet night in studying, tryna work on my assignment :( wat are u up to dear? no extreme night out ??
wow i missed it :(
i miss my babe :( i should have had him pick me up i could have been sleeping with him right now -_____-
you'd better not or i'll come there & get you ;) lol brrrrrr, i'm froze :(
guys, that was heroic..! i'm late to congratulate, internet was blown.. :( podium will round it off tomorrow! go fi..! #f1
just take mineee. i want to be slim :( i need 5 kilograms. gimme please.............
i feel like going to get holiday brochure's...i really want a beach holiday :(
but i don't hate tou :( rt: i hate tou grrr
:( proposal budget meeting 9:30-11:30. was just asking about georgetown apple store yesterday. is it still happening?! i heard not
great, i leave the computer for 5 mins and is already pimping me out :(
nah, have u? my flats a tip and i have no energy to clean it! :( ok lemme know when u know buses etc...xx
aaaa he hasn't reply it :(
ugh i wanna go to atlantic city :(
coz there lucky bastards :(
pool's close already and we're not done yet.. :(
saw on the way out of the book fair. didnt see loeiii! didnt get the autograph too. :(
aaawh ♡♥ michu bad :( pgn cooling down *atsekh*. ak jkt ouch baby! where r yaa? nih ada bahu kalo mau. njieeehh :*
knpa? keseleo tangannya? rt: go to doctor, something wrong with my hand :(
its hard to beleive dat this aost the end of spring break :(
aww babe! have a rest and lots of water!!! :( xxxx
phone died last night. :( but vgo was amazing. was front row/center.
hahahaha i hate easter egss :( there so rong but so right hahaha am guna put like 100pouns on way am eating them !!
just into bangor :) on it now. i had to wait for the next one. :(
