y do i always miss out follow :(
well that sucks :(
thanks :) 33 :(
haha will do but my camera is being stupid and won't connect to my computer :(
kicks : s as innn...?! lol nahh i've got countless essays due in 2weeks. : ( it's not easy; lol i'm so unserious..
so confused.. 하루에도 몇번씩! ㅠ 왜케헷갈리게하니~ gosh i need a 동네친구 for latenite beer and chicken! :(
baca ini deh :( starjunior.wordpress.com/2010/04/03/what-you-see-isnt-true-sj-isnt-a-happy-group/
please come out back of arena weve missed yous three times now ! :( xx
lmao.. mii 2 :(
no one wants to help me to get more followers :( that's so mean. i lost 20 followers even though i wasn't online -.-'
aww :( hope you feel better soon! not really up to much, might go cinema later and catch up with some mates, you? x
would like to see the mancs get back in to the game. chelsea :(
that little chick is so adorable! : (
found some shoes, a tank and a bolero. saw a great men-oversized jacket, but didnt fit :(
you too :( took me 2.5 hours to get from maidstone to folkestone on thursday, including car overheating. gr.
i think the pancakes made me sick :(
neck is sooo sore :(
i hate hospitals :(
will release 3.1.3 jailbreak after the ipad 3g???? :-| nuoooooo.... it's a long time....... :(
fuck my life :(
yaaa took paracetemol not helpin :( xx
i have flu :( that is definately not good. although it gives me more time to do my art coursework. love you all xx
i want some food. my daddy never feeds me :(
i find that with all the idw comics. they occasionally get spike or illyria but that's it :(
ah crap, jb put it in the gravel trap :( damn you mclaren, it was never inter weather :@
omgg.....if u haven't already seen it go see why did i get married 2!!!! huuniiiieeee<< yall went without me :(
i didnt hear :( why did you couldnt you get my ticket:( ? x
ho dear. :-( perhaps the page for the reserve needs an update soon.
hahaha shameee. we have like 30 mins but our roads closed :/ the a38 i thinkkkk and that really fucks about the journey :(
lfw? it's been and gone. i wish i could of but i had to do collection stuff :( i missed a good season
haha i'm working on that ... ;) lol have to get rid of his gf though! i don't like her :(
but i'm loving upside down by jack johnson at the moment :( #nowplaying
asstaagaaa.. benar.benar kangen ma ni orang :( hmmm.. i really hate this fuck situation*
twiggies has never tasted this weird...my poor nose.. :(
gw jg labil nih gara2 han geng :( something happens... with my boys.... #alwayskeepthefaith
wont go to super juniors concert....ticket is just way too expensive :( *sad*
aduh pusing nih :( uuu
i miss my sister and my hubby! :(
im back na! i want to watch gig but im very tired! :(
lucky you. happy easter. :(
so am i :(
awesome ily!! :) well i think ur awesome teach me guitar?? :( i wish
really??? i'm sad cuz i mean i like some of the shit that's out now but i miss albums like this.... :(
uhhh it really doesn't feel like easter :(
sm have failed.... again!!! dbsk is over!!! :( <3
madd early damn i gotta go to queenz to get my hair done , went to bed hella late :(
i'm bored and boring (u guys agree huh :( )
yay! my first trivia night! bringing my recently single friend, she needs distracting big time :-(
:( awww...my summer's gonna suck. not to mention i have school trouble ahay ah. *cries*
nanti aku add yaaa! beluum smpet liat :( hello.. my 1st bibu boots collection (cont)
now i am jealous!!!!! you have never sent me any tracks :(
hahaha i don't know. they do a lot of work :( anywayz how's ur night??
terserah ! #justoneword jenuh ! :(
my weed dealer died to day :( ....i really didnt mean to do it lol
gettin ready for work :(
reading the poem god lend me a kitten over & over to soothe myself while i say goodbye to my little bella :(
#jedwardeaster i want a jedward easter egg :( xxx
i miss essien :( hes one of my favs, where always the best when we have him!
#jedwardeaster i want a jedegg but i cant get any :(
needs new songs on my ipod :(
takut miskin :(
this is not good :( goalllllllllll !!!!
well, all i can say #csk has raped #rr today : ( sorry but true. very unlikely #rr may recover! #ipl
new hairstyle tt costs me a bomb :(
hangovers suck :(
#satnite jaga rumah wif my sistha :(
pfft whateverrrr, im not even pure english :( xd
off to piano :( soooooo lateeee!!! half an hourrr! :s there's onlyy 15 minutes for the lesson :\
yaolooooh hape gue knp ini? :( padahal bsk kan easter
zach just called. stupid asshole is watching the match at old trafford live. i hate him :(
i hate twitter mobile, everytime i retweet something it turns out to be different :(
:( i had a dream i got lost in a supermarket... at least yours was interesting?
feeling rough today :( legs are a bit bad today too but otherwise i'm good thanks :) glad to hear you're on the mend :)
kinda hard to get there when i have 101 things to do :(
still waiting for water man to arrive :( he is at an 'emergency' wtf do i have then?
arw :( rip pillow </3
knape cuy? confuse...should i go?? should i stay?? :(
weird my tweets through api didn't show up :-(
not a good start. 0-1 to chelsea :-(
right im off again guys till further notice...dont wanna part from this pc, but i have to let go..cant wait to c my g2-aliens! bye guys :( x
anyone know of a good indoor activity centre for little one 5 years and below in norwich ?!?!?! > norwegian blue shut down :(
i miss work :( i'm so bored!
someone took all my yard sale signs down :(
kucing gue ges..kasian banget dia huhu :(
mines easters going great , tryna not eat too many egss lol , and united are loosing :( to chelseaaa !!! hows yours going ??x
you dont wanna no ! 1 nil to chelsea :(
wishing that i can talk to you soon :( <3
i'm up early for my friend's confirmation. yay for him, :( for my bed, lol.
:( at least i got syracuse last august and rochester in february :)) thank you!!!
god ..i need help ...pls be there for me.. :(
oh lord, please provide a way out :(
ggoood goood keep updatin... i got no tv :(
haha i'll steal my moms. she's dragged me out shopping :(
wtactualhell. meant to be going out for lunch now i have to eat toast at home. cheers mum :(
i'm suffering from impaired vision, my eyelid's gotten bigger :( i think i need to ring my mummy tonight, it's never been this bad before
hacking php code for desired results. yes, there is repetition... :(
autodesk sketchbook pro for the ipad! i am so 'there'. i want, i want, i want but no ipad in japan yet... :(
also i was very sour that was somewhere very close to this condo and i didnt go see him :( cruel fate !!
hiccupps :(
nothing, it's just gonna get dirty easy :( we iz gangstaz
will watch it if my schedule will permit me. :) business na talaga. 2 weeks to go exams na naman. :(
morning, been up since 5am :( ugh.
my man-pecks hurt :( why? i dont know, but they do.
pasta wow :(
hueeeee tuing tuingrt bru nyampe rmh abis photoshoot. pegel, capek, ngantuk, mules. i dont think i'll be ok for tonite :(
the lovely bones, its really sad :(
tussi ja rahe ho..tussi na jao!!! pls faruu i vl cry nw m sad :( luv u pls reply n hav a lovely day u rock babe! ;)
never can to enjoy it kak :( mau off. bye all ;) enjoy your satniite
hey guys miley cyrus is busy she will be back in hour !! sorry .. :( _sharanya sk
if they score another then its over :( i hope not lol xx
oh i do love twitter :) i hate it when im away and cant tweet. i wont be able to tweet nearly all day tommorow and monday :(
i miss john swan :( i well wanted to have bum fun with him hahaha the little ride!!!!!
whats wrong :(
...so today you're glossy wossy? and how will you watch dr who? :(
rip mr forsythe... :(
sigh, got shoe festival in kl ah? >""""""""""""< why am i hereeeeeeeee :(
not got any music to listen to. what am i gonna do. :( don&apos;t even have a cheap mp3 player. ><&apos;
i should be super pumped on so many levels about today... but i'm not... stupid #depression :(
lol. i swear i always injure myself :(
damn... keinginan beli sesuatu harus kepending sampai akhir bulan. :(
#peopleshould stfu about the apple ipad! i will have mine just on july :(
tu kya tua twitter on hay na :) koi link day hi day ga mien ghar sonay aya tha batti chali gaye :(
not me! :-( morning, kidlets! who has the donuts?
can't swallow the fact that the long vacation is almost over. it's sunday tomorrow. :(
not liking this song :(
exactly the same :( <3 for you yeah i proper hate this house today! =[
what's wrong lovely :( xo
yeah keven just created an account and doesnt use it :( :(( why why :((
it just really has been pissing me off..and i have been trying to fix this problem since i woke up at 2 in the morning!! :(
that's chicago :( >>>rt started on the 31st in 50 hours 41 people 31 separate incidents got shot in chicago
ckck hem dy td gua ajak ol dy g bls mlh wtwn ama cewe dy ad pls buat ol g pls buat sms gua :( jeeh tp kan
mornnnninnnnnnnnnng. well afternoon, so tired :(
