feel better. my throat is killing me and i can't sleep :(
nah lho.. :( cicinya dmanaa??rt akunya ƍɑ diajak... :( pizza-ing with n
aww, that's horrible :( is baby belle the baby that you look after now? are your parents still together? :/ xxx
haaaa kasian aippp :(
i just been informed ill be gettin free pizza for playin tonight, looks like squid and chois not possible :-( ..buek.
i need a good excuse to get out of work today & go to orlando.. i just all my excuses already :( help me out here lol
lol i used a sharpie marker! so it came out in the shower :( then i dyed them pinkk! then i found out that kills brain cells!!
i heard gd fainted :(
well im back mother's being gay n wont let me go out :(
65" : berbatov masih gagal terus heading nya,... :(
i've lost you....u're supposed to watch fashiontv with me! :(
no, i haven't... that link didn't work for me : ( i just have to wait a little longer, until someone else puts it up ; )
the fire alarm in the apartment building across from mine is going off!!! i'm suppose to be able to sleep in today :(
ini yg trakir gw twitter. setelah ini gw stop. ga share apa2 lagi kayakny ke depan. 4 a very long time. :( bye twitter.
i missed the rebekah toy talk! :( gutted and went to le pain today! cheeky after she dint go yday!
reliv/elysium was fun, but i gotta get used to not hearing anymore ;( <---- awwwe :(
biarkan tia :( we've been single for far too long :'( haha. jay single for how long now?
you're the only one that i want to see online. :(
exam from 20th.. :(
just made it home from an awesome nite but i'm still wide awake :-(
work is #dead!!!!! :(
my mum is mean, she said easter was today :(
naww :( get a bat or something and be like bitch im not scared of u n_n hehe
:(
actually.. screw that. rainnnn :(
perhaps i could go back to bed 'coz i'm tired and i have horrible hangover :(
so u can complain? doors are open and the first group is in (i wanna work at apple :( )
ill agen :(
my auntie text me "quick get on twitter has just talked to you xxx" i come on-he hasn't. bad joke, bad! got my hopes up, bitch :(
yep, but you have to freeze your arse off in beer gardens not inside with a cozy fire :-(
:( sad ... i looked in my inbox & found no reply to the email i sent to last night...
#nowplaying the flintstones (movie) i miss that cartoon & the jetsons too :-( tv sucks nowadays
but why?? :(
me too. they say he's fine now though. d: i heard gd fainted :(
i ♥ food :(
:( :( take care of yourself babe and you know i'm always here :) hopefully see you around x
i would do anything to go back to the past :(
misss you little sister :(
te extraño!! :(
bye disneyworld :(
i got told 4, people lie to me :(
wasted a whole night :(
mgkn blm rejeki brother next time kl brort sedih banget :'( kagak jd beli bo'i'll :(
c'mon man u! beat chelsea! rooney's injured. :(
says meeee :) ahahaha. have funnnn :) i'm off back to worky noww :(
everything you do makes me now how much i love you :(
tear the house apart!! haha, oh no! d: thats not a good thing :(
ecy knp sel??rt satnite ke gleni liat ... :(
i wish i was that hardcore to do that. :(
why? errr i hate it. :( lesson learned: don't ever send some.
mhmmm something missing :(
:( i go to the library all the time, k? ...only coz i can't afford to buy my own books though :(
beautiful morning! sunny blue sky, not a cloud in sight. probably too late to schedule a plane and fly this afternoon :(
outt the bathhhh.. but dont know wat to wearrrrr and my boyfriebd wont help me :( he sed wear anyfingg.. if i come in a bin bag he wud moan
sukurinnn hahahahahrt beauty is pain... sumpah sakit bangeeett.. :(
bohong itu dosa ya? :(
unnie, sdh baca semua beritanya kan :( #alwayskeepthefaith ya. ad issue ap ttg db
so i was finally able to get some sleep....n my alarm goes off!!!! :(
i miss you too :( !
greg rucka done with batwoman and dc? (via noooooooooooo :(
drmh jg.. pengenny sih jln ma cndy.. hahaha iya si bg tpi susah :( malming ? yaah ruma dong p2 (cont)
everything you do makes me now how much i love you :(
if your were up here at the time (which u probably arent) i would of gone with you, but im sorry i cant be any help :(
