i knew that was coming from someone. xp no, my g-ma doesn't have any. :(
please be my 18th birthday present and follow me. it would mean the world to me :( 1
actually guys, i'm not going be able to make the 8th after all :(
one should never ever drink and drive :(
ughh up early -_- sick :(
oh, come back soon :(
i have already written: ( no sense, he not answer and will not see my message : (
no one understands me :( :( i have a ticket with hollie and amy yes? but i have my row 2 ones yes? but hollie said i can't sell
i tried calling you back bc my name is first alphabetically but i guess it didnt go thru and then i fell asleep, sowwey!! : (
lol i feel really bad now :(
please be my 18th birthday present and follow me. it would mean the world to me :(
feathers in the hair ftw!! mine were scary :(
wants the sunny back dc is overcast :(
now that was rudee and horribly mean :(
definitely think a uitableview substitute is essential for an iphone component set. i'm having to build my own as we speak. :(
ipad : how would this work with no usb jacks :(
seriously? oh my god, i hope you and everyone else will be okay :(
me neither :( :(
in the car traviling to scotland :(
yep. the thing is, its not me, but two people i love most. where u at i want to hug u :(
haha..well..not anymore in the daily top 10 :( it shall go back there! i dont even get the telephone mv :|
new phoneeeeee :( no numbers.
missing the voice that comforts me... :(
haven't seen you all weekend :(
feels like having a long distance relationship :(
oh boo :( glad you're gonna be alrightt ! smille :-) xx
where are you? :(
i just got back from my aunties house. what a terrible day :(
unfortunately, that seems to happen a lot. doesnt the person realise how obvious is what she/he did?! :(
haavooo...angane oru pic select cheythu! ini ath edit cheyyanamallo :(
#alwayskeepthefaith i'm mainly an elf but i'm also part cassie and this is so sad :(
trying to fix my laptop. :( might restore to factory settings. as much as i dont want to.
loool walleva its annoying my life :( u and ur sister look cute! ^_^
» aint gt £5 yu kno, i need to get dough fromm the bank,but its closed :( #pissed
because of exams?! ho' shit, that's a tough break! :(
im going to p.a. tuesday!! :(
oy dude go on my facebook and see what simone tagged me in :(
apa don ?rt eh gila pada kemana ? sepi banget :(
keep me cos i cnt watch it! :(
me too :(
thanks but i don't look good in the pic with leland :( i took a few i kept telling him i look bad lol
gk papa waww ajaja hahart kenapa bebii ? ☺ waww..rt were not closer anymore :(
akhirnya si muncul juga di twitter haha. me miss you :(
oke, #pickone anggi or suci? hahaha hahaha eh ask me sumthin pls am insanely boring :( ckck -__-
ih aku gak ditanyain dmn :-(
i can't go into seoulfm as there are too many people in ther t.t i wanna listen to tvxq marathon!!! :(
driving home from the beach :( dont want to ever leave!!!
clash of the titans 3d. baru mau masuk gedung, ketemu mas hanung ma zaskia, komennya film nya jelek. waduh! :(
nothing new :(
so devo :( haha it's totally dark in here right now coz the light was unfixable ;)
when will it comeeee ? 快点来 :( [delayed]
:(
just thought of another lesson from retro the other night:
7. i am a brown-eyed girl :(
oho! problem is not who will cook, problem is mommy will not allow :( yesterday night only i had maggi na..
heiiii sista :) now #manutd is playing , can you give me update score #manutd vs chelsea? because im in here can't watch :(
amy didnt sleep ova last nite :( but i mite see her tonite cuz its her grannys party...woo cant wait for doctor who at 6.30 :]
i'm the airport, and my mommy felt the need to give me money so i'm thinkin mickey dees, but i can't find one :-( i c ppl with it tho..
havwen startt on case study! :(
update: 1st half -> manu 0 vs chelsea 1 :( :(
i'm afraid i cannot do that :(
cape gue sist sumpah rtrtrtrt emang anak 9.2 cuma ? emosi nih gua sist :(
it is hes just not on top :(
first time working at level 6. don't know anyone. hahaha :(
shit,i cant reply by dm, coz ure not follwing me :( im gd, paris' under the rain 2day, crapy weather! hows cali?sun must b shining
i get shoutouts and gain no followers, im so unloved :(
aww i feel so sorry for iwan :-(
chiica i miss youu :( :*
i have to work on doctor who day. :( i wonder if i can set up laptop and wirless bbc iplayer on the fly floor?
so, is that no talking (which would be bad :( ) or just no singing? (which would be really bad :o) hope you're having fun!
haha i think so shul. it's the exact sickness you had :) but i was the one that got near you :)rt no sar jgn bilang krn akuu :(
thanks bro, go blues !!! i'm happy with this early score yach mu chelsea o 1 :(
hahah your life is full of fun. xd i have to do my laundry... :(
sadly a good number of my fellow countrymen and women wouldn't say that to you if your skin was a different colour :(
please be my 18th birthday present and follow me. it would mean the world to me :( 10
but i think you can not just pick on me :(
gooooooood morning!! i'm about to cry that i'm down to the last 2 days of my vacation. :-( not ready to go back to reality yet!!
not digging the new youtube layout :(
watching er and tearing up :(
givin thanx n praise! imma try n get back into my regular routine slowly...gotta go grocery shoppin first :(
baby baby baby noooo thought you'd always be mine :(
just woke up from almost 8 hours of sleep. headache. hungry. tired. and missing my so much :(
i am very disappointed with my mom, she has lied to me :(
geestig? :( that's not the spirit...
please be my 18th birthday present and follow me. it would mean the world to me :( 9
i don't wanna go to track :(
sakit lan.. mama kecapeean kyany kerja mlu doii :( what's wrong wif ur mom, dear?
please be my 18th birthday present and follow me. it would mean the world to me :( 8
i have never been this drunk off wine. hangover out of this world! :(
hahaha well it would be worse for u since ur really skinny, but yea i usually have to get bigger sizes :o hate it :(
yapz itu sudh,, tp fb friend list'a g ada,, and slalu error link ktika connecting.. :( (cont)
yep, that's exactly what will happen. the sad thing is sniping means they will sell for pennies :(
please be my 18th birthday present and follow me. it would mean the world to me :( 7
aww thats sad :( i mean, its kinda impossible ryt? they were bestfriends since they were on barney :/
hell-o gina aku rinduw dec lah? maaf dec :( ngapain sih lo online jadi males online kan gue =,=
me too :( sick of studying already.. haven't even started..
still waiting to be able to ride mine again, not used it since november :-(
backache since yesterday. :(
gue iri :( otm clash of the titans. weehee xd
i also wanna go ion and act rich. :( wanna fly me back?
hehehe well it lasted 2 years fucking thing had to go now :(
i'm so worry :(
byee :( n have fun♥♥♥
what heppened poly? :(
well looking forward to tonight :) only bad thing is the fact that i'm missing the new doctor who :(
ikuuuuuttt :( heading off to jatos to buy some beers. see ya around
gavin atau adiknya? ....cepat sembuh ya?...rt ngantri dokter anak di rsib bisa 3 jam lebih :(
off to worky till 12:30.. my poor mustang is dead :(
kakagalit :( =)) cute ng expression na yan =))
i'm just trying not to think about it, but this funny feeling won't go away!!! :(
yeah, it's like extra classes with other schools :( i only went because my friends were all going and i'd have been alone!
i prefer slow-moving, dumb as shit jason to athletic ninja jason :(
:( thinking of you xx
i'm so tired of being here... suppressed by all my childish fears. :(
bali credit wah. i might go home late :( i'm eating out with drg jeebs lagi
im sooo tired..... i wanna go home with my love :(
hii kaki gue benjot2 :(
my stomach hurts so bad :(
jazz dm'd me saying : i feel bad that u changed your name u didnt have to :) aww :( why does he feel bad?? lol xx
i am so sad:( you added like 50 people... :( i really wanted to be one of them.
i'm ill too i have a chest infection really bad :( please publicly wish me well too so peoples prayers cure me
whhaaat?!?!? are you being serious?!?!? omg :(
mum is at a nightclub! :( weirdo!
not even with meds? :( that sucks, good thing you were off then, being at work with a massive headache would suck.
i have a sore throat too :(
make me feel used :(
i wish my tummy felt like coffee sounded good. i don't feel good :(
is being bullied by her family. :(
no pics this morning, i was in a hurry.. what a pity :(
ciee ehem2.. mau liat romeo pengen nonton dia :( boleh ga yaa? padahal udh ditawarin sm nyokap nya langsung looh :((
it was :( i have a bit of tooth sticking up and a huge whole next to it just in time for chocolate egg day! :(
tell me 'bout it. :( we look really tired, don't have the desire to win this game at all! #manutd
when u go to sleep at 3 and wake up at 7 with a migraine u know its gonna be a long day :(
a lot of pips r on the beach, relaxing. while others r on duty working, that includes me. darn! :(
please be my 18th birthday present and follow me. it would mean the world to me :( 6
yeah it started, we have already had two meets :(
i live in america, and i only follow close friends. sorry. :(
how many words the ps? :(
nope, actually he has done it before the accident :( yes he did because of car accident (cont)
please be my 18th birthday present and follow me. it would mean the world to me :( 5
12 followers lagi dooong puhlease :(
very sad week :-(
sorry kay. i am sick and tired of lows and seeing lines "under the line". :(
sick; lost her voice, mouth is dry, can't breathe through my nose. :(
