bye mahi-mahi :( one point lesson: never expect too much.
q:what did you dream about last night? a:the one thing that made me happy :(
masalah ap he fad? tiap ada notif bbm hawanya deg2an, takut dapet masalah ya allah :(
i hear gun noises or somethin outside :( or fireworks :/
same here. what a waste! :(
yeah :-( we also need to get rid of park that is our main priority! my bro absolutely despises park, he's seriously crap!
my head is killin me :-( / btw have a fab day everyone!!!
come online:( we miss youuu :( <3
my allergies are acting up soooo bad! looks like i'll be in the ilab with a box of tissues all day today :(
i know! it's annoying :(
i am getting nervious :(
i love how we are all so under your spell we are aimlessly spamming you for a tweet i will never get! :( #jedwardeaster
lmfaooo i said dat bout myself :( lol
#nowplaying i need you leann rimes :(
i got the sneezies!!! :(
is also alone this morning. i think miss monika is sick :(
i couldn't watch it either as i was working :( but i listened to it. jut off home to watch it as i recorded it :)
eggtastic! some have patterns and pictures but you can't see in the pic :(
rain has destroyed my viewing pleasure :(
phew!! what made you even think of quiting?! :(
whyyy am i awake right noww :( :(
not feeling well :(
huuu streesssssssss udah parah :(
not really :( #alwayskeepthefaith
hahah and its yours? aww :(
awwh really? : ( whatd you get food poisoning from?? :(
so sad that won't be back to the fifth season of fnl :(
ah i would but i have work at 4-12 :-( really fancied some wine tasting action too! let me know of any others though?be up 4 that
remember me is a great film! :(
nooooooo! i'm gonna be last this time, ain't i :(
on his pics, there's this girl. i could sense something. ugh i'm jealous :(
can i have some tooooo :( i will send something in return!!!!
ghd doesn't seem to be getting as hot as it used to.. and its only 7 months old :(
ngapain bu helvy disana? suram idup gua til :(
so jedward can trend but not #demilovato ? :(
i got 1 tooth tt is not straightened :(
makanya pake conditioner :) haha... take care!! kenapa mesti begitu? hate this condition.. :(
packing all my stuff. sorry, no pasalubong for anyone :(
you hurt me but i still love you . damn it :(
i will! my head hurts tho, had a headache since yesterday afternoon :(
hiii hru??? haven't talked for such a long time :(
still in line :(
i don't appreciate how today feels like a sunday :l :(
i'm watching holby so will do after :( xx
up way too early :( show tonight!!! who's ready to boogie?
i hate when you say 'we have something to talk' :( just fucking say it to my face.
this is amazing! i had to it beside ths obeaseguy though :(
aliiiiiiiiiiiiive!!! ha i haven't got a message :(
havin the cold sucks :(
kangen burke :( i would tell you exactly what i'm feeling. i love you -preston burke
oye quiz me itne tollywood k que kyuuuuuuuuuuu...... u knw na m nt interested in tollywood... :(( only 14 correct :(
up early waiting to get my hair done! fml :(
tonight is lame. :(
oh my lover twitches in his sleep ;o. btw why is your twitter name so long? :(
weee! kerennn wkwkw not really :( masak tahu e bentuk e udang@@ enak yoo! (cont)
corruption goes hi-tech yeh mera india :(
im bored.probably cause my bestie isnt here :( wake up !!
g' morning lil mama! :) yes...we rented last night. many tearful moments. i used to work in social work. sadly, very real. :(
we're seeing some action at last ! missed 2 goals in 1 min :(
headache and i sprained my breath and my hair. :(
because off you , my life have changes -.-'' thanks :(
my poppop died :(
broke into my storage, and got me good...took about 15k worth of kicks...i haven't been the same since then :( uma start ova
ooooo! i'm pretty good. i got my ear pierced today donuts kinda sore :(
iya bsk langsung ntn yah! :) emg hrs sm aku ntnnya :) padahal pgn ntn clash of the titans :(
i think i won't make it. sa defense. :( dami pa di nagagawa.
