bummer-not worth $5 more. other apps don't do that. :(
omg! people in that small town of sandwich are well lucky to have go to their school :(
to com fome :( q
track practice. :(
up earlii bout to go wit my aunt to take her car for a wash!!----»i swear its too early for all that! :(
what u on wit me....u still poutn cus u cant come...=) << yea :( i just got off...gotta hit job #2 n 4 hrs
oh someone unfollowed thanx a bunch :(
imma go nuts if it cant be :(
dirumah nae, baru bangun ;d nah lho.. :( cicinya dmanaa??rt akunya ƍɑ diajak... :( (cont)
cleaning and washing my car...as well as helping take down the pool :-(
nooooo! :( /cries too
just reorganize the room. and now my legs r feel painfully tired. ughh :(
i dont get chocolate either :(
sounds interesting but i'm not on fb :( xxx
:((((((((((((( now am hungry :(
now there is serious chance of #csk messing up if they dont pick wickets :( #ipl
i feel like crying :( i can't stand saying it but #alwayskeepthefaith
emosi tingkat tinggi :(
noooooooooooooooo monsoon have stopped doing my dress :o :( nooo i wanted that dress :(
no tumblr postsssss wtffff, everyone is having a good satnite :(
stupid fucking chicken dog peed on me now i need new flip flops! what a great way to start the day :(
its not working in israel :(
it cant be :(
thankiiees cantik :)) :** bkn lo kokk :)rt maaf thay :( capek tau ga sih (cont)
ate i miss you guys! i've been trying to log in to kate's chat box pero ayaw :( happy birthday to our dear mal! #501carrotsformal
whoops whoops get to wash and detail semi's. that is going to be super fun! :(
hate leaving dottie at the groomer. i know she's having an anxiety attack as we speak. :(
unless already 'in a relationship', then 15 :( vatican state "age of consent 12 years of age"
i now need plans for lunch :(
actually i say modhi #confession :-(
they dont... neither do mine. :(
where the fuck my cellphone is :( can't find it
baha yer :) its someones birthday that day... last time was my brothers birthday... im always busy on those days :(
i thought your name was 2 e's at the end of face ... i got conused :( you were gonn be in my 3,200th tweet. sowwy<3
thats not fair! big shopping centres are closed and maxwells pharmacy is open :(
just woke up realizing that is leaving tomorrow :( she's like my other half! im not complete without her :o
oh yeah /: i don't feel good at all :(
wapis office aa gaya hun iek banday ko pick kr k fsd jana hay let's see wo kab free hota hay :(
watching cj vids is soooo not the best way to curb my lovey doveyness!! damn i so wanna be in sydney now :(
yeah. i know. normally i don't drink anything. but yesterday... :( but i'll feel better. tommorrow is everything ok. xd
bought a packet of whiskas with ah ma and for the cat yesterday. ended up,it just "meow~" and walk off. what is this?! :(
pretty depressed that in about an hours time i would have been a bridesmaid in vegas! but instead i'm sat at home... :(
liyanaaaaa babe :( are you okay!? who's ass do u want me to kick? :) ill kick em hard till the fly to north pole!
feeling an non-ignorable urge to make roasted toast with butter. :( #lol
aaaaaaa emosssiiii!! dear brother, get well soon pleaseeeeeeee! i need you, we need you.... :(
i heard gd fainted :(
i want to go home : ( why is work so long and boring
candy lg candy lg. kangen lg kngn lg. n dicuekin lg dicuekin lg huu....fff..... hate u but i miss u :'(( :(
sad bday! :( ...... nobody greeted me in twitter! :(((((((( so sad
:( i want you to stay
holidays officially starts today but that doesn't mean honeymoon cause assignment due date are coming up :(
my glasses are broken :(
im sorry for puking all inside your car last night :(
up until after 2 am with a sick kid. :(
now listening to #tvxq the secret code concert album. oh i am gonna miss their voices so much :(
