yeah. and i'm headed out of the country for almost 2 weeks, leaving wifey w the problem. :(
aaaaaaand, back up to 9 hours on the download. boooo. :(
lagiaaaaaaann, ga asikk :( astaghfirulloh ahh go to hell.. (cont)
may, miss yuu! :(
cool! i'm sorry u can't go go! :( is ur niece an fan too ?
early allergy season has hit drew and his asthma pretty hard. made it through winter relatively unscathed, only to have this :-( #fb
it's been one and three quarters of a say since i last saw :( my life is so much brighter w/ her near. i'm fucking serious.
im going to have to just wear a hoody and move the covers down :( just not the same. i need to shrink
awww :( i'm here if you wanna talk...
hahahaha well you win cause they didn't have the movie in the dang theater :(
:(
damn u wwe i feel so girly.... i want to cry every time they show hbk on raw :(
no :(
q:you have a crush? :( justin bieber? ahaa a:yeah :( nope! (:
and if i'm not mistaken that was also taken in a place i wish i was going in a month :(
i guess its a good thing i will only drink canada dry... the other ginger ales fail in taste :(
i really really want to do a solo trip. sorry :( #confessfriday
my folks say im dehydrated t_t i feele sooo sick!! called my parents to get me some gatorade :(
headache :(
:( #shoutout2dagirlz with a d-cup & above size titties! lol mwah!
i wish i could attend :(
awwwwwwwwwwww :'( carey had to get her fingers removed :( aww poor kate beck ahaha
i love the way u smile, i miss it :(
stomach hurting and coming down with a cold! :(
horrible :(
i wanted to make one :(
kill bill killed my comp :( #definitionofirony
the van broke down, now we're stranded on the free way near the easton exit :(
anyone ever spill coffee all over their lap completely unprovoked? me neither. haha april fools i just di--oh...i can't do anything right :(
at work on my 30min break :(
this bb doesn't carry rec. :(
can ya get me today??? please donnie :(
yaaaahhhh :( dtng dong :( sminar grj mu jm brp ty ?
what? two unfollowers? :(
especially sorry to :( sorry about his rude replies!!
but that's the side i want! i thought that only mattered on the ears. :(
im not there anymore. :(
:( lady sonia mcmahon, the widow of former prime minister william mcmahon, has died at the age of 77.
did i make the cut? fangirl sad if she was cut... :-(
i dont like you now :(
rawrrrrrrrrr :( neglected.
just watched this weeks #survivor. now that #bostonrob is gone what's the point? :(
ooohhhhhh nice!!!! i like it. think i'll stick with the one i have already though cause i have no money for new things :(
ughhhhh must ok :(
no. :( don't have the $ to spend to see him from that distance& short amt of time. i'm waiting 4 a headlining show. ;)
wow.. that sucks :(
ahaha. :) i miss you more :( :( *sigh*
someone save me from this hell hole of work :( !
bummer! just found out i'm on a five year lease with the bus i drive... no nee car for me yet :(
queue at bloody cinema was all the way to star factory! :(
have no car and ima bout to no have a phone :(
i've just looked in the mirror and i look fucking chinese! *weeps* literally. i look like i've had facial surgery :(
computer is hanging. :( good morning, twitter !
one woman is ere with 4 kids all under 10 yrs old ... a beer noise :(
bukbah biin bebh.. udh tdur 2jam :( morning vi..ayoo tidor² ;prt (cont)
oh nooo! bums! im out of rockstar trumps! :( :( *crys* (like a rockstar of course) :( xxx [eats hula hoops sadly] xxxx
wait where's the joke? : (
so blessed to have a bb that is a sleep-aholic. nervous to have bb#2, it may ruin things :(
a new excited fan is sad that u don't come out intermission and sign anything. :( how can i see train & not see u. <3
joel isn't working at jamba juice right now :( way to ruin my weekly joel visits
haha, i won't be on til idk a very long time? so i guess i'll have to wait til tomorrow :(
whats going on???dont cry :(
well shit its not like u get to see u that much..lmao :(
i know that feeling :(
man!! i'm sorry :( it was worth the try though...
no early spoilers for me :(
tomorow is going to be such a slow day :(
no more farmers tan! just a burn :(
