ask me something. please... i'm bored... :(
lol i am not too keen on this song either :(
you should do a flirty tweet.. we miss them :(
uhhhh why it look like we bout to have a tornado outside today :(
haa. i wanted to go to the festival but i gots no money :( xo
dad replaced the otta 80gb ide which we bought in the afternoon and bought a 160gb one for the dabba pc. too bad he missed csk's innings. :(
i aint got an easter eggs.. :( everytime one of u guys tweet twitter goes crazy.. :l hope ur alright.. =d
i got my phone stolen :( ha
i am so tempted to text my friends :( but no joche hindi pwede please magtigil ka!..wah!!!
this is cruelty to animals :(
gosh, when i leave you tweet? :( are we not in sync anymore bradie?
good morning tweeties!! having trouble sleeping. i am going to be really tired for bowling tonite :(
end of 1st half.. chelsea deservedly holds the lead, playing much better right now... :(
clash of the titians better be good, i have a feeling cineworld will be as busy as it was yesterday :( too busy.
[mob-] damn! waking up to go to san felipe. toooo early!! :( lmao!
unfortunately no :( i should've been to vienna gig, but then i couldn't go... but i met tomo, when he was in croatia ;) you?
it's ridiculous, it really is. although valve's putting up a hell of a fight, but they're losing right now :(
...am now not going skiing. hubby is peeved, but i don't think i can ski while hurling. :(
goodmornin :) and i kno i haven't :( i been so busy i culdnt even send a txt smh but its spring break so ill make up 4 it!
not yet. khana to hai par mummy... :(
i have 2 small easter eggs not getting any off my family they said. :(
goes to kampung semawis for campaign marhen again , tired :(
im sorry if im distrubing you :( i just wanna help people to reach their goals,im sorry :(
hope my city treated you well at the concert tonight :) sad i couldn't be there :( adelaide loves you tho
<~~ :( no u don't let me see her neither! u jus like them!!!-- that was a good one lol
i miss you, but i knew it was wrong for me :( sorry i just missing you
me n my sis had plans dis weekend dat we made laz weekend n she dipped on me :(
ohh okay :( hope u guys wuill do okay in high school too!
i can't #nowplaying now. lowbat :(
tp cowo sini lucu2 jg lho liph...xp damai lagi, yg dkt rumah saja lah.. jauh kl k there sher.. :(
wish i was in wolves right now. kinda wanna see the kids and tell them its gonna be ok :-(
#mufc following #chelsea 0-1 at half time. :(
nope resorted to reading :(
wazzup? se-ju-jur-nya se-dih :(
new update!!! the fan fage is still there!!! :( it keeps blocking ppl that's why we can't find it! we are blocked!!! crazy!!! :)
it wasn't john swan :( ! it was a taxi driver trailed edward away from me! fools . haha ahh well, they no me by names! its weird x
i am feeling a bit rough today, even though i had a early night yesterday i did not sleep very well maybe about 1 or 2 hours tops :-(
well there weren't any under there. :( i'm trying to finish the bathroom
not so :( i'll talk to you about it when i see you okay. xxx
gonna be home alone tonight :( parents going out, soph's up in inverness :( wish i was going out :(
oh... im sorry. :( are you ok?
sad morning. my aunt has alzheimer's & yday she told me she didn't feel good bc her husband was gone. man it made me so sad :(
why do my pictures look awesome & vibrant on my camera display window, and crap on my laptop? the colors are all blah now. :(
yes, saw the shuttle ones showing up on my app not v bright though :(
ugh... waiting for a mac truck to plow through my legs... so i dont have to go in today!! :(
bye bye imac, it was a fun 4 days i had you. shame you exploded :( lol
can't fit bandeu tops either... :(
im me when you go online. damn i wanna talk to you already =)) aww, its okay. :( dont lose hope baby.
shit first half from united! :(
ok change of plans. :) :( :@
half time la... cherh to chelsea.... :(
lost one follower. :(
you should do a flirty tweet.. we miss them :(
sooo madd!!! work is gunna suck now :( were down 1 employee.. yikkkees! wish me luck lol all these dang kids. *throws holy water lol
i am annoyed at your team i picked them to win :(
buat che hehehea iyah syg gpp koo :) gol buat siapa ? gabisa nntn aku :( lg ga di rumah hehe (cont)
the vampire diaries. :(
i miss my old hair &msn :( huaaaaa
haven't had the opportunity to listen yet :( hopefully will be loading it in my ipad soon! ;) haha
upset that harry potter clashes with dr who :(
if they don't deliver to italy, i guess i'll have to purchase it elsewhere, or i'd get the photobook next year, lol.. :(
im scared about the fact im going to be sent to jail :( :l #jedwardeaster
half time at old trafford! chelsea (1) vs (0) man utd... :( i feel as though the season's over for man utd
so bummed i missed the livestream last night :( ell asleep on the couch (darned time zones!!!!) hope the next one is in the est!
last time i was this stressed i ended up critically dehydrated and bed ridden for a week, then a night in hospital :(
followed yaa rino :)rt ka mirah aku belum di follow :( followed ya thxrt (cont)
i miss you badly :( good luck on the 6th.
