whatta coincidence!!! hoy miss na kitaa :(
i left my phone in dad's car again :( i hope he bring us out for breakfast tmr if not 1 week w/o phone! :(
i told you tweeted when i got off!! :(
2 of my fishes died rip : ( cook and jj
i'ma leave now. :( #nowplaying
i know my friends told me that it is miserable hot in india right now..one of the reasons i decided not to come right now :(
*cuddles smiling* i don't wanna but i gots to go the medicine's kicking in :(
morning. i don't want to get up :(
dipusingin sm hal2 yg membosankan, :(
today is just...one of those day. ugh. i have to go shopping w/ my mom. :(
[tantrum<3]
i miss our times.. :(
my #jedwardeaster will consist of you, twitter and jedward eggs ;d ♥ i bet i wont get a tweet :(
exactly :( i think i'm gonna have to bite the bullet & pay comet an extortionate £75+ to replace £5 worth of components >:(
haaa! 'mean beast sympathy' :l sorry, that tickled me :) its not his fault he was in love :(
#alwayskeepthefaith please please please por favor :(
disappointing 3d experience. :( [delayed]
my wolrd 2.0 ya na ? :( hhu pgn belirt #np justin bieber stuck in the moment
i hate it when you're sad. and the reason for you sadness is me :( aww :(
g lg di bandung bo! kangen gereja tere :( theresia bebi. lőe knp jd murtat bo? (cont)
why did u get out the bed last night? :(
looks like little ones will have egg hunt in a very white, snow covered park this morning. :(
yeah he is :). he died about 2 years ago :(
whooaah,,,i didn't eat yet !!! :(
i can use the internet, but it takes ages to load. :-(
yes, we are going out tomorrow but we're going to take public :(
ga tau nh sabb, mles aja gt. absny jrng smsan gt sih hhe :( knapaa mless raaa ? jgnn mless lahh , ksiann dy . hhw .
gm my wuthy...to work i go...boooooooo :-(

mizz milkshake thick
don't rly feel well now.......... :( sigh. i needa boy. haha. fuck.
i was telling my ex abt. the formspring hater & he goes, "sorry ha" "for what?" "kasi kahit hanggang ngaun di kita kaya pagtanggol." aww. :(
awww so sad :( x
i can still smell lauras smell ora from my house :(
cousin's wedding and really not in the mood to be here :-(
just hit hwy 45north headed to clotmbus, ms !!! looks like rain :(
i want to get you one too :( tapi i no hv money :(
pusing -_- bosen -_- ngantuk -_- i really need staarbuuuckkkss :(
not funny!!! :( manu is losing!!! :(
biased conversation from srikant.. more chennai chennai stuff than chennai superkings club... :(
i really really wanna heard him singing at the easter event in his church, but too bad i can't :( i miss his jazzy voice :'(
enak yee yang statusnya pada in a relationship.. heuuu :(
q:that's not funny :( a:honey i'm sorry (:
love hurts maynn! :( « wat u mean love hurts? sum1 fukin about wiv my lil cuz?
i don't like working saturdays :( ruined my lay in and it feels like i've been here forever
chillin in ma room before go to work..it's gonna be tough nite :(
its a sad day :(
photo: indeed. :(
could have met but stupid security man chased us away! they were right in front of us :(
england. :) you? and no. :( have you?
i feel the same :( <3
i dint go in de end. :( haha bt at tropicana city mall nao. macbook n crocs! ;d
wish i could format memories in my head :(
damn that ghd!! poor burnt fingers!! or "phalanges" as jennifer would call them.. sooo sore :( awating a blister........
i can't believe i missed 's april fools day prank :( i'm just now reading what happened lol
after have some chat with on mxit and realized that ipin's acc lost :(
oh come on.... that is a penalty, he just knocked him over, no ball :(
haha...shame it's at old trafford :(
5 months and they are 4...5 months from today for ashlyn :( this time next yr well be registering for school!!
