satnite without my man, even if by phone :(
i second that. i want cadb too, i had it only 6 times this time :(
good morning everyone i just got to work. im internetless :( so txt me :) ne ways have a safe b fun weekend cant wait to see my friends ...
the internet seems to be sold out of adult size pikachu costumes, lame :(
aku jga mauu.. terngidam sushi :(
i haven't read them yet, will be doing it soon i will look out for yours. i havent managed to write one yet :(
yeah, i know it's meant to be a bit crap, but i can't afford a ps3 for gow3, so it's the next best thing. :(
the minute he aimed, the signal opened and sped haha im not a fan of pics being taken w/out being asked :-(
mitu darling miz u already... :( so lonely gonna miss u too sistha really gonna miz u a lot
ehh where are you btw???aku mau deyyyh :( barengan yaa hihirt blom syg,knp?@loniaaaw: di baptis selam blm bey?
btw, i still don't know ur name... sorry :(
slept in a little too much :-( time to get this crazy busy day started...
hiya! hmm.. its been good! weekends been ok, went out last night... dno wt im doing today tho! n no easter eggs yet :( u? x x x
some how i feel tired and my tummy till hurts :( i hate it !
suddenly miss my bibi's :(
just dropped the fam off at the airport...sadness!! :( ain't nuttin like family mann!! i'm gonna miss those people!! love yall!! :))
cuz you're far :(
ugh. early saturday morning :(
same there hasnt been ne news in so long :(
i need now, my body so sick! :(
watching our video. :( i miss my classmates. :(-- sa manila kna lng mag aral
yeaa same :( im really bored ahah....how are you?
his expression is so broken :( i wanna cuddle him
if ur brother hate justinbieber :( #welovesteph
somboooooong huaart wish were here with us.. :(
but there is nay post on a sunday! :(
well that's an onion in the ointment : (
dm my unfollowers! pleaseeeeeeeeee :(
arghhhhh! stoopid cold go away :-( snifff.. need to go out later aswell >:-(
crying, crying, crying :(
lol yeah you spelled that right, buuuut i don't think my mom would go for it :(
sakit peyuuut ish :(
takut gue liat lo di timeline gue :(
dy ga kangen aku.. be patient my darling :(
dnt hve any :( i hve to go look through everything
if ur brother hate justinbieber :( #welovesteph
sorting through emails :(
tomorrow's easter. why can't we do egg hunts at home? we can always buy those colored plastic eggs and some candy plus add a little cash :(
i'm not even sure yet you know :(
everyone wanted to fight everyone last night...wheres the love :( << in your happy juiceee
so sorry for thaiyo and the origami workshop dauy na kha. : (
big issue sudoku is so hard :(
good morning lovies...just dropped off at the airport :-( it was great 2 days #goodtimes hopeeveryone has a blessed day!
what the fuck? now you have me all worried. :( you're in the same damn state i'm in, why can't i just be there?
im sick home no way to go out :(
what a tired trip.... :(
rtshe had to go to the nursery :( i'm missing bailee already :(where is she?
tonights another lonely night. :(
im officialy broken :(
...i think i have penis envy. :(
omg !!! and we wont see eachother again for like 2 whole weeks d:
that is really badd :(
shut up :) no your not taller than him & he isnt a girl. :( you've seriously upset me now. haaa, so you better appologize ! x
omg. how do you know. :(
i need to get so much stuff in twn 2day for my big note ouh 2 mara....tan drink fags cans mke up jasus ill be robbed :(
doggies are not liking this rainy morning. :-( || mine, either. he was inclined to forego his early pee.
because i seen a lot of people that later on take it out and it leaves a scar...an ugly one. :(
crap that's right...ugh too fucking early :(
gue pengen sms elo, tapi takut ngeganggu :(
doesnt love me :(
hey where are u ...jus waiting for ur tweet..cum sooooon :(
see that hi please tell to for reply my tweet . i want it :(
gue ya feb?ehe maaaf yang sombong siapa coba si sombong huhu :(
aaa besok the last day of holiday :(
sigh.. when can i fully recover.. :(
...that said it does seem to be just ipswich that's not on the list :-( boooo!
sure<3 why cant you hear us :(
