pleease work :( stop having connection problems! :(
no more support for the linux version of songbird. :-(
it's brown in the photo because of the lighting... but it came out copper red :( ...
i miss being close to god and my church :( like kanye says "its so hard not to act reckless"
:-( yeah sorry to hear dat
cannot get comfy :(
i may have it on mute but i haven't seen brooke shields cry yet. :( maybe now in the final 3 minutes.
i miss checkers 2 :(
hehe :">rt kasiand , tp so sweet kand ? haha . iya, kasian ab plg dr rumahku ujan ujanan :(
:(
lol just chillin haha nothing special. why cant u :(
missing out on fresh powder :( have fun mammoth! bring me back a biscuit from angels :)
amazing how many gawkers there are. people lost everythig they own! this is not a tourist attraction! :'( cats died, people got hurt! :(
why :( i'm sure she didn't mean to be :( how come she dressed like ghost lol xx
i'll miss you too :( so happy you like andi! i think you guys will have a blast over there at style:) only 7 pounds to go?! nice!!
nah...they are all secured. i tried :(
i wanna chill w/ right now and be on that gma status... but i'm sick!!! :( i hate you sore throat+headache+runny nose :'(
oops i didn't mean to retweet that. but yeah i know :( i wish i was with yuh right now. ;(
awwww thats shitty : ( well, hooked me up so i can get in again.
yes that is sad. whenever israelis or christians get the hit, mainstream media looks the other way :(
maple story is messed up on my computer it say there is an error and i deleted maple and tryed redown loading it no luck :(
'cause... i have to... :(
me 2 *sigh* but me hungry :( hate the resturants on holidays
hey charles, sorry i did it again earlier today...i #ff'd you but under themovieprophet :( 2 many twitter names to remember
im going to miss marin this whole week :(
hmm,, dalam sehari gw bisa ampe 2x nge-charge bb gw!! its so wasting time,. :(
my dog totally just ate my teddy bear :( well penguin/rhino bear
r.i.p boynton
she is. her name is gonna be bella. their rottie is 10 or 11 so he's on his last leg of life :(
i got unfollowed? :(
there's so many things going on at the beach today and i'm not apart of them :(
hi lil fwiend. i mish you! :(
was reading the local newspaper and saw an ad for an easter egg hunt! was so excited, was planning in my head until i saw the age limits :(
god shut up i know im sorry :(
damn i gets no love on twitter anymore ! :( >> cause you dont guy me up. i got some love for you over here
i love to an e have my friend is radio in. i had too much wine :( i love to love love love you! oxoooo
awesome! cold though? aww man. oh i don't want you to be cold. :(
ok. i can't lie! i miss you so much damn baby! somebody help me! please let me go home. :(
my girl friend broke her phone, this really sucks :-(
love you daniel, but i can't understand you and your swedish twitter updates :-(
are you okay? what happened?? :(
i'm listening to the game while driving, but i do love #confessfriday ps howard hit the homer when i got out of the car and i missed it :(
can we get to 14,000 followers before they come back on? i sure do hope so! missing them. :(
off connection :(
jheeeze they've had it for long...it must have been dead!! < since sunday :( it wudnt charge properly. sigh.
i miss her so baaad! i suddenly miss :( hope you're okay there hun
rt:@dior_ross sum porkchops stuff potatoes ummmmm and a lil cake if i can convince(wink)|dats what yall wanna do witout me :(
ok this looks awesome, i fucking hate you :( bleh
iyaa :( ips udh blm ce? praktek agama ya bhe?rt hapal bertha hapaaaaallll....
someone take me to petco so i can buy a fish :( my dad said i could have one, i just have to get a ride to petco.
leavin :( i love being with him :( have fun 2nite!
sorry guys, were out of power now :(
ohh :( well. anyways; it hurtss cause idk i sleept in a wrong way haha
why are they here :( hush hush! its hurting me 2 :(
yes i thought we had it this morning too :(
why?! :( feeling stressed
don't tease me :( lol i got mad hot pockets in ma freezer i want a hot pocket
:( why?
but i was losing so i gave up :(
oh, that makes me sad!! :(
ok, i won't follow you unless you follow me back! :(
i have really bad sinuses/allergies in the spring. :( i look like that i should be on the puffs kleenex commercials. lol.
lmao dirty txt?! o.o & he said i shudnt change his :(
i love you i love you *-* !!! do you replay your fans?! i really, really hope so :( have a great day <3
i don't remember the username! i suck. :( wait, i think i remember.
so i didn't actually buy my dress yet :-(
ugh noooo!! i did an awesome drawing of a telephone and gaga on twitdraw but my stupid computer shut down by itself & i didnt save it!! :(
omggg! christian is going to kill me.. i would cry! please dont make him kill me!!! :( and is justin coming back yet?
you wanna kill me. :( i can just poof them out.
failure is not an option. know what u mean tho :(
yeah i'm a slow shipper this month :( it's been hard health wise and that's put me behind on getting anything out.
omfg i bet i can get 100 tweets in under and hour! how bloody sad :(
:( it looks so sad an empty :-(
i miss you more!!!! i miss my bff :(
why wont you follow us back? :(
awe sad face. :-( though i know how ya feel at least in some fashion
i also have the flu. it has definately been going around! :(
scaryyyyyy :(
-___- so yu dnt wanna come nd see me :-(
i got a busy weekend : (
too bad he isn't real :(
cie msh mikirin, gue jg sedih :( #zodiacfacts cancer least compatible with: aquarius
say day! that means there's no more dx! :( im heartbroken! ahaha.
quiet, hot and dry day in st lucia. clouds say it wants to rain, but drops dry before they hit the ground! > need rain! :(
u sed u was gonna follow me :( !!
rt@crystalleon:thx u lala rt@lala139: pretty! the bangs look nice on urt@crystalleon: i dnt lk my cut :( pic!
ugh my jeans wont pull up over my ass grr! stupid fav jeans! : (
not good! fever startin again! :-( i wanna go play 2moro! :-(
i think i wanna go to silver spoon. :(
i hate getting sick so often! especially while all the formally breast-fed people around me sniff twice and get over a cold #itsafact :(
not a happy harvick :( not good! #nascar
just visited the set of the office! didn't see & though :( the only thing i love about living in the valley!
the perfect get away :( it's about these couples that go on a honeymoon and get murdered d:
baaaabbbbeeeee!!!!!! i'm sleepy! :( wants him to lay with me! but naw!! gotta go out! hmph!
plzz! where were you pick the first part of future love? :(
hi nokia, why is my contacts unaccessible? i cant go to my phonebook! :( :(!!
#ff my distant brother :(
just realized i've felt shitty all day but had been too busy to realize it until now. workout plans scrapped, i think its keeping me sick :(
i hate spring allergies :( i also have a choir practice 2morrow morning for our easter musical.
i wasn't on sorry :-(
have u noticed? we're so going down :(
same here. :(
lobster is o. it's wu tithe pot :(
udah pernah. asin luar biasa rt: kumur2 pake air garam nggit my gums got swollen :( blame on this toothache!
2weeks since the tour, its crazy that that was the last xf related thing :( if lucie n lloyd knew what we went through to get those tickets!
i hate havin a broken ankle. i wish that me and the boy were still talking :-(
it just kills me when i see people with manageable hair that's not managed :(
no :( i'm sick! i've been laying down all day
please follow me :( i've been trying so hard tweet you to follow me :(
im musically depressed and want a cigarette :(
my flight with has been delayed until 8:10pm :(
they should still play "this balls outta here" after every hr, but that appears to be done with too :(
can someone help me get 6 followers ? (: please :(
though i'm now terrified that somebody has access to my credit card number :(
embarassed. :(
it was a bad reality tv week for me. first, anthony williams, and then boston rob. :( #sobs
two months... where re u? :(
ah sorry, i didn't mean to. i'm really sorry :( that's just my opinion. sorry again :(
i knooow :( omg fk my lifeee.
noooooooooo!!! why!? don´t go away :(
i wasnt prepared for this much cold..... im shivering :(
me too... :(
rip john forsythe. i loved dynasty. loved him more as charlie on charlie's angels. :-(
.. bullying occurs even at college level, still no one wants to confront the bullies or hold them accountable ... it's tragic :-(
aw :( no, we don't suck, boys do. tons.
missed flu even w/o flu jab but this ear infection i wouldn't wish on my worst enemy! was so dizzy today i fell down a curb :(
ugh, i got bit twice last night :( #stupidmosquitos #waytooearlyforthat
i cried twice :(
lolz yup pretty much ! you dont never hit me up anymore :(
i wish i was there too. :(
tyrell is spinning the night at his friends housee :-(
shyt my computer won't be ready until 2weeks....i'm not gone make it :-(
i'm sorry to hear that :( i hope things get better...it will be ok :)
in brisbane? i'm still in adelaide sleeping on my sofa because my bed is gone :( thankyou for your kindness!
my son is seriously over tired he is hysterical :(
=/ me too.. donde ta el party? xdrt home :(
