holyshit! joe cole scored!! oh noo.. come on la devils!! 0-1 now :(
please tweet me it will make my month because i don't think i will ever meet u in person :( and happy #jedwardeaster 1
gak ad lg stat fb buat gue, gk ad lg kta syg bwt gue ! fiuhh :( cukup menyakit kan dgn keadan ne, tapi aku tahan adj deh !
i never have time... always exam pieces first!! :(
i wish i was seeing today. :(
sorry la. :( it was too funny i must leh. hahahah!
i miss david tennant already :( xx
i havent worked no saturday in a minute. ima miss those hours at the credit union :-(
biggest match of the season and am at office.. fubar.. :( #epl
sameee! im moving some where that has lots to do! not just a leasure center and a cinima :(
fuck sake!! :( come on #united!!!
lmao i don't think you're gonna give me another flirty dm :( saaad
i hurt my knee... :(
please tweet me it will make my month because i don't think i will ever meet u in person :( and happy #jedwardeaster
everyone getting a tweet again apart from me :(
just seen the fundamentalist cut of shawshank. after escaping andy dufresne burns in hell for damaging his bible :(
q:im sick :( a:haha..really? what illness?
i wanna go back home! its cold out here :( 80 degrees??? no way...
poxy but not too itchy yet! he was awake most of night with tummyache though :(
argh. the sun needs to stay out. please.. or i'll be moody :(
don't wanna go to math class :(
ouch! lol x// fanx! in much pain :( x
fuck sake united, you know your shite when joe cole scores against you :-(
i live a leisurely 48 mins away from dtw, but sadly cannot offer shuttle service :(
i miss chalet. i miss the people thereeee. why cant it be like that everydayy? :(
i want to take at least a to atleast pass!!, the thing is i suddnly forgot all wot i studied! :( i hope it won't affect the final grades!
fuck it, tht was way too easy for chelsea. :(
oi up that's not nice... since when have we been scum anyway? :(
i jus need 1 more hour sleeep but igotta get ready for work :-(
pilates is ze answer! wish i don't have this back pain. it hurt so much! :( -- that's right baby!
soooo earlyyyy! :(
everyone put your cameras away cus we're all f**ked :(

copywrite law is dead,read the bill below;
sometimes i feel like i'm running in circles i just can't get out :( ,good morning
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo one goal for chelsea :-( mum's clapping away~~~
awwwwww :( miss you miss you miss you and i miss u like desert misses rain! *sigh
we down homie :( j. cole's a bastard
even though i'm team jacob but they had no tshirts about wearwolfs :(
hankyung :( its just sad how he suddenly burst like that. maybe he got too fed up and all :l #alwayskeepthefaith
oh me too -_-" ... 56 days left though :(
glad things have all worked out well for u and justin, im happy 4 ya both. but now i got to try sort out my rent arrears :(
im 6 i was on 204 but i got unfollowed i'm 7 followers off 200 :(
the weather is terrible :(
bete to the max!!! :(
okey time to take a shower ! and after that i gotta clean my room :(
good morning, tweeties. trying to make myself get ready to go to this nphc community service :(
woo ...im russian too x :] i speak!! but i dont live there anymore :(
of course you're not working student finance! it's not like i need money :(
online doaanng ffff, lagi sakit mata gamau kemana mana ! watcha doin? am boring :( iya thankyouuu ;d
chelsea have started better good back heel from joe cole :-(
wasn't it a great movie?! i cried like a baby at the end :( but tasha & janet made that movie
fark. too easy :(
chelsea scored first goal! hope u r super happy :( xoxoxo
:( who would serously care if i died? i kno jace would but he will get over it -_-
the gaga one is like a light pink & lauper is like big red i think. i misplaced my lipstick :( hey! yoshi's tn are you going?
fuck you joe cole, fuck you :( 1-0
mu chelsea o 1 :(
wish me luck as i'm about to take my mum to pick up her new car her driving makes me v scared anyway but in a new car???? help??? :( xx
tp itu premieres di fox bukan starworld. kalo starworld don't know when :( (cont)
walao, dad dropped my phone just now lor. dropped. :(
zoe here, the only one not gone to london :( damn me and my living area.
what does ecto gamut mean? without ... without my permission. shouldn't have kissed her :-(
have been searching for new glasses. want much bigger ones not the full deirdre barlow but close. confused by online shops though :(
i am! usual flying visit and trying to squeeze in too many people in too short a time. back home tomorrow morning :(
i'm telling you that he's the one. my dad. i miss you father :(
please tweet me it will make my month because i don't think i will ever meet u in person :( and happy #jedwardeaster 13
i did it again. i was asleep. i was sooo sleepy :(
yaa itu ull . :( ambu"ne tentang cowok iki.. haha gimana caranya aq bsa jujur ma km ttg ketakutanqu inii .
well...i dm you yesterday and you don't reply it,it's ok! :(
i was a little sad when i tried to tag in sum fb pics this morning and i couldnt...where are you? :( no more fb for you?
damn i'm not here then :(
chelsea winning 1-0 :( come on united x :)
god... my mom is so annoying at times. :(
girl i had forgot you left. i walk in the room ready jump on you!lol. i miss you too :(
please tweet me it will make my month because i don't think i will ever meet u in person :( and happy #jedwardeaster 11
i miss john swan :( i well wanted to have bum fun with him hahaha the little ride!!!!!
she left? oh bum, i enjoyed talking to her :( i'm not that much of a horror fan, but i liked the chit chat :(
me too beb,don't leave me :( aku sayang sahabat2ku muah muah muah ga mau (cont)
iah mbak☹rt sabar y syg :( really miss my boyfriend ! iri liat org2 liburan (cont)
#alwayskeepthefaith for delena :(
i miss my mom... :(
:-( homeopathy to prevent & treat malaria promoted in kenya #ten23 #dangerouswoo
please tweet me it will make my month because i don't think i will ever meet u in person :( and happy #jedwardeaster 9
haha awww! people say its worse than dear john! :(
#jedwardeaster i want a jedward easter egg :( x
last night. you missed it :-(
:[ i lost flipping 3 followers :( cryyy cryyy
please tweet me it will make my month because i don't think i will ever meet u in person :( and happy #jedwardeaster 8
naw why whats wrong :( hugs*
ughhhh why ppl unfollowing mee :(
hmm... wondering where we are. doesn't look very nice outside. :(
your brown eyes! i get lost in them! and i need u here :(
i'm starting to feel a little rough now :( and here's me thinking i felt fine when i woke-up
ffs got 2 go 2 my friends mum bday party 2 night!!! i rely can't b fuked 2 go :( but the only gd thing is her bro is hotttt ;) xxx
i've been crushed by a meteorite and melted in liquid hot magma. not a good morning :-(
i'm sad. the no disc crack i got for sims 3 is only for v1.8.25 and i just accidentally upgraded to v1.11.7 so it won't work :(
if only my room was that clean and organised... :(
got to remember two pages of french and then write it from memoryyy i cant even remember the first line :( might revise childcarexxx
yep, dude!! but here comes the storm don't have a link or something to download it :(
yeah, excruciating back &stomach pain, so bad it makes me throw up-can barely walk some days :( this 1 not as bad as b4
i hate refreshing my formspring and that question being the only one there :(
me neither :( it made me angry
need to try it out on my vaio. truth be told, ubuntu hasn't evolved as well as i'd expect :(
abis liat twit kamu, aku jd penasaran deh nonton lie toi me ! kereeenn. love it ! :(
please tweet me it will make my month because i don't think i will ever meet u in person :( and happy #jedwardeaster 5
so frustrating. my comments are still not showing :(
the cough keeps going on and on..... :(
please tweet me it will make my month because i don't think i will ever meet u in person :( and happy #jedwardeaster 4
oh fuck! :(
saturday mornings are so ugly around 7 am. :( *pout*
it would be so awesome, if they could just get everybody verified all at once! it is just not fair to fans for posers to do that!!! :(
soooo hungry. but i lack the motivation to get out of bed :(
major problem! my parents are thinking of us moving to bahrain..wahhhhhhhh! :(
iv hid in the bathroom for the 1st 15 mins. nat wont let me go now :-(
shit j.cole just scored for chelsea :(
oke, i'm really sorrrrry for today :(
yeah u did i got a dm from unfollowr :(
