tgis! (thank god its saturday!) doesnt sound as good : ( but thank god anyway.
its starts on 19th april again. its too far away though!! :(
greddddd very ugly shit :( ☂☂ short mak lei lor japan? yung ngai u gor naruk naka ☺☺ ๏ really?
hehe thankyou c: tp gue pngn ikut deh :( bntng tamunya siapa?trus tema acranya apa?
kalah 0-1 :( ewwh glory glory united!
sian why the chocolate store closed down :(
we can't :( he is 3000 miles away :(( and i have failed to invent a teleporter...
but just if u want, sry :( i just wannt her best :)
#lowkey i miss :(
oh shit :( lol. im unlucky today
mentioooon. miramir ko jrg ke msg seeeh? mention please :(
lightning and rained but training still went on :( ohwell quite a relax training though. cheers to burning fats!
everything you do makes me now how much i love you :(
isn't so annoying that we can't even get our hands on on the ipad :(
dang. headache. :(
stayed up way too late playing super smash. now it's time to go to work :(
cosine's wedding. every responsible stuff he put on my head and left. :( function was amazing!! :) > smart cousin
yes!! or a pair of ankle boots. kmaren liat di pim yg heels nya pump tapi modelnya jelek :( would be perfect for ur birthday,
i should not be allowed money. everything becomes a necessity when i have money :(
have to start running again before i turn into a pile of fats. :(
this was supposed to be the best day ever.... but it's quickly becoming the worst day ever :-(
:( that is sad. mom had three survive the winter but one has what looks like a tumor on it's tail.
that's no fair!! never share the fun?!? :(
flat tyre + dead battery = me wishing that buses here were as good as london :-(
n y does e stall choose super junior's clip n song t play !! :( shinee also cn de ma. best part is thr is onli 1 song -.- keep play sry sry.
damn i news coffee ! so addicted to caffeine :(
why? t_____t he's sick now? i heard gd fainted :(
i miss you :( and i wanna go back to balii..
my mother is gayy i wanted to go to chinese bit nawbhav to go to weatherspoons not a happy easter bunny :(
back in new orleanw :(
my head hurts :-(
so i met the most amazing most interesting moat hot guy in the world... but sadly he's 28 :(
off to work missing my fiance so much :(
neway really wanna go for bike rides this halfterm to get fit & clear my head. first av 2 fix a bike :( and hopefully can drag along
went for a morning run, gotta love those shin splints :(
since i forgot to charge my phone last night, my battery on like 20% :(
oh how i wish i could go there :( btw wktu #c3 yg promag, kan isi email di form, kok gak kirim email notifikasi kl ada acara? :)
#deargod badan saya anget :-( . tuhan jangan kasih penyakit dulu ya, saya ingin sehat dulu sampe nanti abis ke jogja .
me 2 but they dont have it. :-( me and goin 4pm to the joint out arundel for the 3dxd version...
maaf gabisa dateng lagi dibandung :( thanks ya bantuannya (cont)
i think i need to go to bed its 2.10am and i just gota from the movies so im really tired :( ill be on tomorrow in about 12hours hahaha
aww whats up with you now? :( *hug*
haha of coz ^^ sian :( okay when you're free text me :(
thanks,yay . i will try it, tp susah huhu :( . ga mandiri ak tu t.t
woke upp from a scary dream i need some one :( nowww
i am so bored! someone please make me less bored. :(
i miss both of you , mau ikut jln2 :( t clash of the titans komedi sekaliiiii :') thanks to emiria -.- hahaha
yes yes i am, im not sure when ill be in london though as i have little money :( what are you up to?
i really want a top with puffed sleeves. :(
so...i turned on forever plaid....i think that was a bad choice. i miss those boys :( le sigh...cutting hair commence!
umm i didnt get 2 that episode :( tell me what happens?
:( no i hate the fruit it tastes like rank.
is it today you're leaving for bournemouth? :(
going to miss the who tonight because of stupid work :( will iplayer it later
i havent bought the cd :(
byyee .. ! :(
goodgood anoo i'm reeli tired too :( even tho i only woke up lmaooo :') xx
...and pick-up tackle football. they still play up top. can't find nobody to play down here. :-( #old
my sim is pregnant for the 5th time, i can't keep up with her kids :( stop going to work and coming back preggers!
congrats to everyone who got their ipad today :) too bad i don't live in the usa and can't get the real apple feeling :(
sayaang sakit apaa? cepet sembuh yaaa :(
just breaks my heart... :( happy birthday paris, i wish you well today.
why not :(
shhhh :(
this is my laptop, use it for gaming, graphics, movies and everything, awesome machine, got mine from pc world :( #mhi
