my head has hurt since monday :( i guess the alcohol consumption doesn't help.. but oww :(
:( how did you broke it?
pro preso yesterday! as flash player 10.1 needs android 2.1, the userbase is too small for clients though :( #droidconbe
they also don't tour in africa. :( they have fans here. #jonasbrothers
nao gosto do justin biba :( uhashusaahu profile posters
its receding bruv...my hairline is receding :(
someone dropped and kendra asked me to replace her in oo, but i said i couldn't do it. i feel like i let everyone down. :(
*denied. the warmth of his smile :( gah and i miss him more.....
i think i have pink eye. :(
i have got quite alot of work to do before next week!!! i don't wanna do it now though :(
huaaaa :( mau pulaang..btw ko nonton disitu tante deyang? nonton bareng mu-chelsea di (cont)
lmaao ive been realllly boreddd tonigggggght :( why am i on twitter, i am meant to be delivering all your easter ages haha
tomorrow will be the last day of not doing uni wok :( need to get a fuck load done this week :( :( :( :( :(
why are you never at #iseries any more :( i'm missing you at #i39
mizzdee649 :( what's wrong?
the easter bunny isnt even coming to me tonight :( im going to a lollie shop tomoz and buying my self gourmet chocies ^_^ #notascoolthough
pff :( ok .. cand o sa am eu unul.. mhh. ..m da :))
you're welcome dilla :) thank you for hurting me :(
i had a bad dream! :( .. my mum was cutting all my hair, and then i woke up screaminn and my bigbrother was laughing at me!! lmfao!
awch my finger :(
ooooh my head hurts :(
sorry about late! i finished work! it was so busy :( are u day off? :)
moving time <3 yay. but uhhhh... i feel sick : (
yes, like you, i'm single now. . . i feel lonely without my boyfriend :(
luv to know what i've done to my arm!!! biggest lump n'bruise on my elbow :(
i just had 1 x < i waaaant one now!!! lol :-(
was at the unveiling of the poster with and great fun though didn't get a picture :(
xd hmm...i'm gonna have been at 4 gigs in the 4 days beforehand, so i'm gonna like die if i wait ages :(
aww need to go take harvey away to the kennels for his 'holiday' now :( bye for a week then.
up & tiredd :( dookas track meet.
ur mirrors fake! lmaooo ur my fatty!:) im not fat:( :( :( :( :( :(
past tax year my oldest son married, youngest turned 21--so both went 'off my payroll'...and the loss of deductions hurt $$$ ouch!! :(
i have seen the future, and frankly, it looks like me! #nextgengeeks // no ipad in the future? :(
you chose them, i don't care. now i hate you, everything about you! i hate you. really, you changed! :(
emg hrs sm aku ntnnya :)rt padahal pgn ntn the clas of the titans :(
i don't like when i hear people are getting divorced or separated etc. especially in my own family :-( (not my parents just fyi)
they also don't tour in africa. :( they have fans here. #jonasbrothers
q:yeah same! since october my life was x factor.. i do... a:sucks doesn't it? :( and sameee! xx
*sigh* no... i just randomly have it stuck in my head... i'm still waiting for her other vid to load first :(
uhm i was thinking about it, i wanto and i miss vajy :( wbu?:o x
they also don't tour in africa. :( they have fans here. #jonasbrothers
it is. i put his blanket in my bed to cuddle. :-(
i wish all will get better.. :(
hi kayte! the boys are sick :( we might dye eggs tomorrow if they're up to it.
i want a new bikini. :( now,,
haven't got mine and it's been 2 weeks :-(
i've been single for 2 years. how depressing :(
noooo :( there should be an orgy of replies to you on your feed
nearly as slack as those smses hahaha awww :(
yup about to die of starvation :-( lol
shit :(
omg, they're having a jonas marathon on disney channel on friday and i got all excited and then i remembered i won't even be here :( ha
some things are just plain complicated. :-(
what's wrong with my heart? :(
work work work. seems like all i do anymore :(
fuck. my hand is fucken killing me. :(
oh no! what a mess :(
livechat pleaseee :(
soon as we can, but it's a struggle at the moment... we have to do this in our spare time :(
is it? its all rainy in kingston :(
making a pig's ear of this half :( drogba on soon hopefully
hi anne! so sad reading a lot of news that viva is transferring their talents (including you) to gma. :(
no d: ako lang ateneo, most of my friends are going to ust or dlsu/csb :( huhu
grhhhhh! i can't meet ken :(
they also don't tour in africa. :( they have fans here. #jonasbrothers
heh kepruki dmana? nyeremin.. :( sereeem yankk,mbilku dikepruki helm,ampe ancur spionkuu , tp (cont)
sorry i couldn't make it yesterday, i was on the road :(
my cousins are at my house an we are on omegle. and ther are crazy ppl. and all i am seing are cocks :( not satisfieng...
