wanna go home to watch my show! :( *lovin' life*
lol, iama stop now. bord and i wont be able to sleep yet cah this insomnia fuckry :(
im your best friend too :( jesus christ. lol
awwww boo i wud get u if i was drivinggg :( i'm goin 4 my bff bday
i kno :( i jus pray and hope that i can at least limp around. i hell do not want crutches :(
we do!! :(
its the worst feeling when you are really tired but you can't sleep! :(
unfortunately that's true :(
i know i hate her too :(
hahah suckahh. i miss kimi to death :(
i drunk from 2:00 pm to 4:00 am and i still don't sleep :( cuz waiting for ma car
away to bed, don't feel well :( x
i'm sad the weather in chi town is gonna suck 2morrow or else me and woulda been out! i need a small vacay! :-(
found a car today. the only trouble is, now i want to buy it. i mean, i really want to buy it. :(
i played 87mins to gun. i'm still fighting magruder (87% of game completion) it is so, so, so difficult that is bored :(
sorry ga state! due to circumstances out of my control i will not be performing tonight :-(
taking off my nails :(
how has even this brilliant design brief concept scored an own goal? :-( its really annoyed me, as it's actually really bad #peopleposters
hope you have a good evening for your service! im getting 2 those dms, i can't access them from my mobile twitter :(
i'm pretty sure it's real great! ^^ anyway.. i have to go now :( i really hope you are feeling better tomorrow ^^ goodnight :3
:( i can't watch anymore. --> solar interference to the satellite is affecting our signal. <-- that message came up.. :s
we keep saying we are going to go to blue wolf, but haven't yet :(
this. exactly this. :(
i just tweeted this!!!! copy cat! :( #nowplaying everlong- foo fighters
i didn't play any pranks :(
oh boo that :(
bah... grem and i never did make it on that walk. :( ...time for karaoke. jm's w117th & clifton. be there, or be spongebob.
no cause then i can't tweet #robp0rn. :-(
we've planned a walk for the day the. pub in the evening. :-( i'm working from 2 on mon, could we meet for lunches then?
great weather here in ontario... too bad wonderland's not open :(
where my wifey? :-(
i'm really sad :-( glad i'm wit my besties they always make me happy they the only ones i can truly depend on
heading home :( (@ grand central terminal (metro north & mta) w/ 15 others)
first katie, jillian had at least a chance last year with the title...katie never had a chance for a second :(
iyoo im :( aduuuh ;d dpe kta2 kw ;d that should be me!! (y)
man all dressed up ... stuck at home :( wtf!!!
did you get hacked!? :(
sorry :(
ohh, thats sorta sucks :( well your still special though! haha :)
i cant not be, the 3rd is a bad day :( hope ye had a good night
no i don't :-(
:( #zodiacfacts cancer least compatible with: aquarius
yeeaahhh we have to ...but there must so many fans of hayley :(
i miss yall. :-(
also, note to stars.. stop cheating on your spouses, it's wrong and so hate seeing ur personnal lives all over the tabs. :(
hah i lost the link! :( i read most of it though. i remember what part i was at... when the bridesmaids were gunna go shopping.
why do you hate me? :(
is home alone for the night. for the first time, i can say i have absolutely nothing to do. :(
im good...... r u still leavin us in september? :(
wake up! oh mom :(
too bad :(
this is my laptop, use it for gaming, graphics, movies and everything, awesome machine, got mine from pc world :( #mhi
i want to talk to you. stop ignoring me. :(
:( really ? yous going to do my like that ?
i wish god would take this tendonitis out of my left thumb. it kills me just to get my little girl dressed. :(
:( why???? what happened?????
i need a prom dress.. :( ugghh!
i'm sooo sorry! :( did u just find out?
i no how you feel :( urgh i hate how jealous i get. îƒ
in da house :( i kno, i shld come out
cant believe how well maverick is playing with my brothers puppy husky..wonders why daisy and mav havent met :(
back in suburban connecticut doing a men's wearhouse sizing/fitting for the fashion show next month. miss the city though :-( uggg i hate $!
too far back for any good ones. :(
massive headache :( wahhhh! i've come to terms with the fact that my body hates me.
i wanna see u now : ) can you come on cuz have to go to bed soon : (
, lol ikk :( but thanks
#backintheday i wore sketchers... til the other 6th graders laughed em off ma feet :( still thought i was #cool 8-)
for pple of a certain age, glossy paper mag is it for next generation waste of trees :(
what's the matter? :(
why would you make it imposible? :(
i don't :) i miss my mohawk :(
q:hi hi hi. imuu <3 i need to c now!! a:i wanna see you tooo ! :( <$
ugh! i wanna go to a performing arts school!!!! :(
i cant find my phone!!! :(
well i'm doing a small side to side move to the music right now lmao! but the fact that its so late and im getting tired :(
:( i hope it stays that way.
remind me to never again buy a #dell :-( after 20 yrs of it support, i own my first dell. never before have i had so many problems.
hailey just left. :( we were having fun i didnt want her to leave.
i don't really use it lmao :( its the same one i comment with on ontd and shit duuuuuhhhh jenna jameson icon
haven't been to hotlanta in 2-3 years... :(
#backintheday.. their was always something fun going on mannn i miss it :(
wonders why sitting down can be such a pain in the shoulder sometimes... :(
ahha iloveee gravy!! and im craving some kfc but its too late to go get some :( and iwill #lazyness lol
wow, you just made me sad :(
i volunteer!! :-) i have nothing to do tonight. :-(
too bad it never came out :(
i am not liking this weather... send some sun over :(
what about meeeeee!!!! :(
so i get back from the bathroom to find a a book called antichrist 666 on my board. conspiracy theorist :(
laptop in service with apple again :( new keyboard and trackpad under warrnty. new lcd and i have a brnd new laptop #fb
getting unfollowed on follow friday...is like getting your heart broken on valentine's day shit is just wrong! :( lol! yfdf!
hatin :( landed in the #atl. gonna b a loco weekend wit
oddly enough this doesnt make me feel better ;) this calgary thing has become bizaar and random and probably not one person. :-(
i wish miley didnt delete :( atleast its not justin who deleted tho
djb: i'm just a slave to my phone i see my red blackberry light flashing. even when it's not :-( -me too :/
that is really odd... probably a weird youtube glitch... hopefully it's only temporary. :(
fukkk suhh i'm waitin 4 my liite on my phone 2 turn green && orange :(
comment on my draw please :( i've tweeted u so many times
i need to catch it so i can go to kanto without it i can do anything :(
aww you feelin' better? i kinda got a headache too. :(
i take it really personally when i see that someone unfollowed me. :( i know i shouldn't.
i tried to, but i cant :(
great... another c's game i don't get to see :(
oh crap... i wish i heard about the giveaway :-( swatch looks so useful for me...
actually buckelt at :( people should stop making me laugh it's too laaate!
...feeling like i don't want to go to work :(
you are lying! sorry ga state! due to circumstances out of my control i will not be performing tonight :-(
i'm still not home. d: but go on aim cause i haven't talked to you in a really long time. :(
no body likes me every body hates me i guess i'll go eat some worms. :(
movies tonight!<<i wasn't invited :( ....everywhere sold out
just got home from church & forgot! my bad :(
backk with ma doggy i'm so out of breathe! he jamp into the middle of the bed and i have my legs around him :( big sluuut jkjk
lmao ive seen naked men :( save me zack!
me too.. :(
new phone please!!! :(
o :( that sucks
: ( oh well! have fun for us!!
giving away my catstomorrow :( i'm soo sad.
<3
man i was suck all these two days like heavy. kiss teet* & these were the days that were nice! whyme? :(
i'm debating on whether i should take these advils or what . maybe i can just man it out. cramps :(
pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease! :( its so boring by my myself
omg i want it. :(
i feel sick :( >>> that gives me joy
re: hope to see you there? ~was 90% coming, but my knee started hurting big time. think staying home's the call. sorry :(
i have the worst earache ever. fuck dude :(
uggghh, at home !!! :( :(
im really really tired. but im not going to sleep till i find out who my formspring person is :(
thought movable type might import the agitprop export file, and it appears it does only slightly more than wp. one entry. :( #mtfail
torrential rain! :(
cause i'm falling into a pieces, so please come here and fix me :(
exactly. :(
nothing...just here at home bored :(
omg ive lost 5 followers :( damnnn!!
ugh ten more hours of work :(
she lives no where near me :( she lives in liverpool & i live in hastings, hours away. she said she'll try ring me though...
well, it looked like it. okay? :( lmfao.
ouch left ear is so swollen and infected :( wahhhh. thanks 4 getting me i scream ^_^
