thanks for last night! sorry me and laura hadty go her dad was outside :( cant believe someone tried to bump cider haha xx
don't know :( maybe we have not been in the same page. anyway you still on time to join :)
haduhh teman jln lg dmdo say :( pasti lg leyeh2,santay kek ϑî pantay...ahaayy.. (cont)
:( to hear your body is so tired. chemo will do that. rest up and hydrate. hope your feeling better soon. :) ((n))
stuck on the hwy for an hour tryin to go one exit. hwy patrol n at least 2other cars totaled, body bags n everything :( pray 4 them! gnight
nic :( i'm sooooo sad for you...ask her what's the matter...or what caused the change?
ipad day and i'm not in the us :(
don't take someone for granted! :(
boring eh rooney inda main. :(
something sniffy,i want details! mine just alrite,gona stay in 2nite. bein a good wifey! ;p so u gona leave me hangin on mon? :(
keep spirit #501carrotsformal #501carrotsformal #501carrotsformal it should be 6th my bad! :( #501carrotsformal
i wish i could go back to bed :(
#alwayskeepthefaith , jaejoong !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
o_o pins & needles in my foot! arghhh :(
re: your blog post. yes that does suck :(
crazy day, i didn't sleep, hehe, but now i'm really tired :(
easy said :(
haha. oh, krn pas mtv awards gt (europe music awards if i not mistaken) mcr sm th masuk nominasi, eh yg menang th :(
foot is swallon after mums attack last night ! ouch :(
my grey car is now yellow. :( i do not approve of this change...
and she still think she were right and i ask that guy he know that i'm right but he still protect her :(
i know! so good! but the 8th ep is going to be the finale :(
final fantasy guilt = when you've started the latest ff game without completing the last one. ex. #ffxiii while #ffxii gathers the dust. :-(
i made new lily icons too! i have way too many and only 100 slots. :(
ive only easter saturday and sunday off! i was at gs on good friday :( and i will be on monday when everyone else is sleeping!
you sick hun? :(
me too! :(
dont dis the football, we're losing and it ain't good :(
cleaning saurday :(
i have no voice today :( i'm hoping when it comes back i can sing or something. i'd so be the new subo! isn't that how lost voices work?
flu . cough . flu . cough ... when will this end? :(
well me too!! :( oh wait i already have a bf xdd haha
still! 6 more xamz to go!! :(
mums getting me top up and goiving me money for cienma tonight and giving me easter money , feell bad :(
saturdaynight at my sweetroom..and my lovely music.
soo bad saturday night :( moroonnnn!!
happy birthday gorgeous!! wish i could of got smaackkkedd with you girls :( but i'm sure you drank enough for me! luv ya
urgh, i have the worst cold ever and i've ran out of tissues! :(
aww thats sad :( im sorry. and yes. i love my hair. it came out cool!
no i never heard about it! where did you write that? bet it tasted horrible! we call them "squashies" dad always steps on them :(
it did. actually, it still does :( oooh, say hi to her from me. *waves like a loon*
early flight back to miami. don't leave me :(
why is it foggy in ocean city? no sunrise on the beach. :(
kasihan lemah terkulai tak berdaya :(
ayoo!! lu udh nanya? come on please pleaaase daddy, whistler 2011 :( (@lrnzomtnds)
where did the $80 go toooooo? :(
probably just from the regeneration :(
i'll leave you my dolls :(
i knoww :(
internet please come back :(
ma luff !! phcn haf took the light !! :(
idk we always dnt tlk afta a bit :(
oh noooooo u were so psyched :( i'm sorry!
retail shops are becoming more and more rubbish! :( the future sucks sometimes. i hope someone finds a solution!
amazing! apple ipad looks revolutionary! i want one :( any freebies?
no!!! i want to be asleep :(
oh i forgot, i hope yous have an amazing time :))!!! dont say that :/ i hope he hasn't :( ! xx
half one already, work in a bit :(
iyaaa hororr abiss serem hiiii hooh, mana lg mellow, nginepp donk :( srius boy?? hwuaaaaaaa t
i feel so bad for james and grace. :( it's actually awful.
same time as usual..just after eleven.. :-(
aww loool watta shit . i guess todays nt a gd skin day for either of us :( lool x
nope :(
i wish i could go to the airport right now but i cant... i could really easily tho coz its only like 20 mins away xxx :( xx
whatevz!!!! :( how was last night? and were drunk bbm'ing me, cuties.
i feel so disappointed to see u :(
is at tropicana medical centre. nurul is sick :( be strong couzy..
my arm hurts too much. can't move it/ have type with one hand :(
im moving my stuff up to my parents tomorrow so can't go to bukakke :-(
gpp,kan weekend..hɑhɑhɑhɑhɑ no more ice cream, jessica! tahan..... :(
saw on the way out of the book fair. didnt see loeiii! didnt get the autograph too. :(
my sister no longer works at black's aka no more discount :( where is the cheapest place to get film developed?
from the looks of it, i wouldn't be able to fly back to kl mid april. wonder if i can change my flight tix... otherwise sgd90 burnt! :( #fb
very tired of this life... :( why oh why??
not really lol. but give it time lol. oh i heard that! i love her!! andwith george gone too :-(
ah gua takut sakit :(
yah diiind:(rt eh pengen ikut akyuuu tp ga bisa :(
i wanna watch ice princess again, darn :( lost the dvd :((((
i hate sleeping awkwardly and then you're sore. :(
haahhh!!!hashhhh!!!! :(
forget it he has always been uncaring. damn tragic, my own bf doesn't even gives a damn when i am sick. :(
2 all who bought ipad apps already [@filjedi, did u use ur us or phil itunes acct? i can't find ipad apps using my phil acct :(
i'm sorry i was off when u tweeted that :( i know, i hate time differences!!! :(
how fun! i will be indoors working til 3p. :(
if this is what i call dorm. why does it feel so alone? :(
utd look like a weak squad today :(
aduu ee .. pantat kuu berakarr abiss pjlnan jauh n offroad . :(
i can't make it to glasgow :( my #jedwardeaster egg should cheer me up!! three weeks till i fly to ireland!!!! xxx
what #fuckery are we talking about? i missed it :(
ka mirah aku belum di follow :( followed ya thxrt follow back dong, makasihrt bantu dong
got a cold& its not the bird flu :(
why wont he leave me alone! :( just want to rest but no lets play halo 3. grrr my eyes are killing me!
if they do, they might be snug. derrick won't wear them :(
why leave the berrics? :(
one of my friend is going back to australia in june and will never come back....she'll forget how to speak french :( and i wont see her
learning :(
modmyi white line appearing on top of iphone.... :(
oh dear my-old-sickness, why you come again to me? :(
watching scenery from rooftop , what a beautifull scenery , whenever this is saturday night :( lol
i'm soooo hungry!!! bt must wait. :(
i'm craving for so many foods :(
sama buu'.. senasib qta :( tonite feel so lonely,,,,,,,"
mehn, my belly is moving in wondrous ways!!!! :(
it hurts dude!! :(
it has come to an end.. end, it has come... and so be it.. :(
off to my parents for pre-easter lunch. pouring rain so no egghunt in the backyard for my sister's kids. :(
that is crazy!!! :(
i'm soooo sleepy, and tryna find bathing suits at work :(
#alwayskeepthefaith #alwayskeepthefaith temporary lang siguro yan. :(
home.fml i din get my sims 3 tho :(
lol, did nothing yesterday, it's so hard without the blonde one from the library running around making noise ha, so hard :( u?
hahahaha *tears drop ; p doain menang.. masihkah kau mencintaiku? :( *mu
we left after chuckie performed oh! twasnt my scene really :(
so annoyed i have to go to flippin' mold instead of chester today! i wanted to see matthew :(
omg!!!!!!!!!! poor adam :(
wishing to be with my family at my little sister's 15th b-day :(
i think i really want to watch match :-(
okay tweet head check you out later! time to get ready :(
weksss ga ada mention yee :(
my gyms closed tomorrow boo hoo! :-(
come home daddy :(
yes we may but what is it about copenhagen that u love so much, that u can't find in me? :( am i not as great as the danish capital?
