augmented reality caranya gmn? gak nemu :(
kaki gue sakit rela-relain. please banget dong lo menang :(
#alwayskeepthefaith :(
hi :) i wish i was coming tonight but my mum isnt letting me :(
jungmin-ah~ mianhae, i didn't get u to no.2 w/in the first 10 minutes. our competitiors are strong today. :( #501carrotsformal
if you've voted today, please go here and vote again. the website i tried to use broke >_< :( sorry
#happybirthdaysanti :( in my twitter pool noone cares but i'm going to remind you anyway. if it was sitnb i bet it would trend.
please stop unfollowing me :( tweet me if you wants to be refollowed! :)
power cut again #summertime #ipltime :( damn #tneb :(
i'm doin well!! ready to start a projects and 2 exams today due tuesday :( so i'm enjoying my free time for a little lol hbu?!
empty bus stop = all the buses just left! :(
really? turning 19 is the worst. trust me :(
miss it. :( =))) i remember we were talking green stuff about and she was like "i'll pretend i didn't see that" =)))) :(
twitter on my phone wont let me sgin in :( x
i love but he wont follow :( xoxoxoxoxoxo
a sad story indeed :(
pengen cpet2 damrat th org dai ckck :(
well jelous :(
i'm sorry, its my bad. :(
photo: (via iamsebastiant) noooo. pika-dead :( that’s cruel.
don't feel too left out, we still don't have an availability date down here in oz either :(
takut :( culik aja bawa pulang haha kasian ngeliat anak kecil (cantik imut) ngamen bawa ade pula
i'm pretty gay :) you could have replied though :(
mann, i don't even remember falling asleep last night! no missed calls this morning :-( ummm can you say #dumped!!! ha!
if only my eyes were a camera. it could capture every precious moment i had with you, so i dont have to feel so bad now. :(
gue iri :( otm clash of the titans :)
everybody is going somewhere!! darn, i'm stuck at home :(
exam are just going 5n :(
that should have been at least a free kick outside the pk box. :( #mufc
i want to be followed by but i know i wont :(
ooo niceee. nuu i can't sorry :( i'm so tired anyways so i'm gonna revise and gym gym ><
anyone wanna talk ? i feel bored :(
andy said the other day, sorry :( i'd post my key up but i didn't bring my spare home, sorry!
so i guess i have to move on, yooo obviously don,t want me here. :(
i want michael jackson backkkkk :(
plus handbags , trousers , shoes , wedges , nail polishers and teen novels too :(
berebeb, i miss you :(
aha exactly! :)) this episode is so sad. yeno when the give the baby up for adoption :(
i hate being a hypocrite :(
dan tolong tweet bnyk2 la danrt woi sahabat2 syg tolong bantu tweet #indonesiawantsmcfly please :(
finished work for the day! :) gotta do it all again tomorrow :(
if man utd lose i aint coming on twitter till sunday. « me 2 :(
are you not following me any more? :( i can't dm you
*sigh* this movie is about 5 mins too long to encode in the 2 hour period between win7 rc reboots :( i need scenes of sky to speed it up!
my dear brother comes home and i felt right away he was sad. he even asked for a hug. :( i knew he was in pain the moment i opened the door.
time to whip out the sunblock/protect new ink. how'd i get color already?! i was so close to being white, even my credit score went up. :(
:( i've been up since 9, like to say i have work
! ! ! ! go on yah facebook xxxx please :) i said please lol. . . i wish we culd be frends :( and meet bt im in south aussie
should revise the ob now, but too lazy :(
pacar gw blg gw gak care...hiks3x waddup babe? feel guilty dah.. :(
would love to be there..but i'm all the way up in sweden so..no steveshow for me :( have a good time in rome and take care :)
what did u mean? :( sometimes when i say yes it's actually no.
idk why someone would take time out of their day to hate on someone they don't kno :( they're jealous!nd u seem soo nice!
sooooooooooooooooooooo tired :( just have to make it through today and tomorrow....
so tired! wanna go home and see neha :(
watching the figure skating world championships, it makes me realise how much i miss skating :(
not impressed that my blood test bruise has got bigger and darker :(
where's my twins ? :(
:( jelek beud dah haha -______- iya dooong (cont)
very very sick :(
about to run... but i had a serious uh ooooooh last nite :( #kolourconfession: as i was running to the front door of my place i fell!!! x
*cyberhugs* :(
