can't see united winning this one :(
its over :(
eh you angry or something arh?? :( i didnt do anyting so what is it?? wad is the bloody prob with some guys?! :(
iya ni i'm not in a good mood :( thanks pelan. main burung! hahahhahahahaha :b
i don't feel so good :(
im going because ive got a really bad headache :( peace out
i picked the wrong murali in my fantasy league team :( #epic #fail #ipl #ipl3 #cricket murali vijay :(
bsk mlm kita ol.okey nyampe mlm say :* kein problem baby :) sorry girl,i can't ol tonight.really sorry :(
suffering from ipad envy :( wish we had them in the uk today..
yours fat mehhhh!!!! mine one bigger than the other where got very skinnyyyyyyy! :(
pengeen nontoon :( :( :( bagus ja.. lucu.. :) how to train your dragon ☺☺☺
lol i want everything all of the time :-( i can never do too much shopping!!!
i want to be home :(
7 hours and i'm off for now! back and butt aching alr :(
at work. so tired annnd my dunkin doughnuts coffee is almost gone :-(
its alright for some lol shoppin trips, my motive is dead uni work :( sesson in gym then coulpe hours writin for studio
.@tittoantony i lack that ability to put me to sleep :-(
why cant i ever find general fiasco on the music channels :(
juri really cracks me up haha she's crazy everyone rags on her looks i wonder if she feels hurt sometimes :( i luv her!
on my way to work. don't think i've worked a sunny day yet. :(
hehe.miss you too bebi forest's goat yah kirain kanjen aku :(
haha iya sel bkn temen but i cant tell u hu :(
hey marvin...pretty shit atm..got loadsa homework&revision 2 do :( u? hows rochelle? (; i havent got any :( u? love yaa xx
well i still feel bad for falling asleep tho :(
goodmorning!!! i'm having the worst luck today :(
felling nd bgusss ee!! ! so nd m dpa ks kluar no!! hikss..hikss.. :(
wee loner now :[
and beths at her workkk :(
gay:'(
i am getting old...i actually listen and enjoy jazz, not the almost pop one, but proper jazz, damn :(
i'm in mourning..daylight savings finishing soon :-( goodbye summer xx m
haha you wouldnt say that if you see me in person :(
:) sorta sick. but hey it's spring break. lol. everyone went to florida. :( oh well.
cheers for the ff brother! i didn't get mine done this week :-( you know you'd be in it though!!
i'll no put up a fight :( :l
by the beach with novi em :) ihiy! maav :(
shit, hope your mom's fine... dangerous surgery? you're not doing that well, i can imagine... : (
cleaned up the room,the desk a bit too.my bones and right shoulder and arm hurt like hell.i don't know how 2 sleep on the right side. :( boo
:( julia bully me... i show you what we eating
still miss you.. :-(
its finally sunny outside! but i wont go out today. i have to study :( but first! i will be the geek as i am and watch all of davedaysvideo!
ingin seperti dy . :(
i really do wish i could spell. you have no idea how hard i try :(
what should i do now?! so confused :(
my body doesnt feel good today :(
wow. wat a day. a bit tiring though..hmm.. id love to go to hongkong. but got no time. :(
no i have get my ass in line and wait, since ups can't redirect packages :(
why don't u? ;p i want to watch. :( manutd vs. chelsea! live, watch now..it's a hot game!
i just took "will justin bieber ever tweet you" and got: noooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :( boo boo oh um yh! try it:
i hate how i have 19 easter eggs and i won't eat any coz i freekin don't like chocolate :( x
i aint got no eggs :( i'm too old now i feel violated haha. how many eggs you got marv x x
:0 don't tell me u've gone past the honeymoon stage already? ur seriously married now! ahahaha.. fuck man, that sucks :(
at least you hav the next few days off :) damn! way to early for golf..hope starbucks fixes my hangover :(
no la. i also wanna go out with you all la. :) why don't friend me. :(
is having dinner in some restaurant in pudu. feeling so hungry! :(
#jedwardeaster #jedwardeaster #jedwardeaster #jedwardeaster i wish i could come and see you in ireland :( x
:: ugh. i am sooo tired now :(
