906 followers! lost a follower :(
you should go then just pay her back sometime hahaha yeh ino i wish i had a job :( x
u knwo who i miss? and :(
where have i been? i didn't know you were having a giveaway :(
omg damien you have ghosts :(
good morning peeps !!! i'm still feels tired afta 12hrs of sleep hmmmmmm :(
in bed straight chilling. no depression theraphy tonight :( lmao i'm in these atown streets what are you doin??
i hate villegas too!!! :(
loveeee. i always cry everytime i watch that :( --i know the feeling..
it's 4 in the morning.. i'm in the bus and frigging tired :( how's every1 doing?
im not even watching it tonightt :( but chat is better x
that wasnt me :( lol
i know the feeling :(
got a lot of books to read over the break :(
i saw so many cute, spring-ish scarves when i was out and about today, so i'm wearing one. i do not look cute. :(
i'll be sooo sad :( you have to! and that is sad, pills suckk
nada bout to drop kick in her head i'm bored :( < lmao drop kick!
it will always be the same divas with the titles, and most likely eye candys...never katie :(
horrible day. i'm overboard :(
the superintendent of my schooling program lust died. he help build the new campus and stop a downsizing/merger. sad news :(
yep--teeth are a disaster now. i need a trust fund just to fix 'em. i don't smile anymore. : ( at least, not in public.
aww :( r u gunna meet up there nd meet with him? or r u just going w/ ur family?
not what i wanted, :( but i'll make it work. ;)
omg i feel real bad, i thought i'd convinced my 'rents to go to bed and stop worrying but they both stayed up :(
need someone to cuggle me im so cold! :(
it's just a banner because so many libraries in the us are being closed or funding cut. :(
i hate it so much in this hospital! need sum cheering up anyone? :(
no..i am soooo behind on all my soaps this week :( was it god?
lool thats wat i was askin.....am sorrie *hugggg* :( ive just turned dat program on dat ur watchin, nt sin dis guy b4 lol
he wasnt big enough :-( bigger screen maybe? yes i think the old classic version is great as is jason & the argonauts
is hilarious.. i wish we had people like her on the tv here aha :(
dude's voice is crackin. :(
omg i missed you too! i'm fine && you? :( <3
looks like halo night will have to be pushed back... just got the rrod :(
i hate it when i woke up and theres no message from you :(
my boyfriend isnt very helpful right now! haha :(
can u plzzz give me a shouout :(
haha i cant see it :( i will be seeing you tomorrow for the signing though
don't know :(
awww dang that sucks :(
i hate it so much in this hospital! need sum cheering up anyone? :(
:( true the worst thing to do in a relationship is hold on to sum1 who doesnt want to be held on 2
the passion of christ is hard to watch :(
meeeee toooooo! burnt so badly :(
i'm sorry you had to interrupt your trip for a shopping spree :(
your mean :( ...making me suffer like this! plain torture! rotfl
awwwww :( well at least u had one!! i need it man, i'm so stressed!! xp
i spent all my credit calling in & they eventually say they would play it & they didn't :( i'll ring tomorrow again =d
wow i just thre my new phone :(
i tried to save 2 seats but they made me give them away.. :(
i would give u my list of my #followfridays but i'm on my ipod right now so i can't sorry :(
so much for leaving early to make up for late nights earlier in the week. :-(
i hate that i'm such a sympathetic person cuz it makes other peoples bad moods to put me in a bad mood cuz i feel their sadness in a way :(
i hate villegas too!!! :(
so.. i wanna talk to someone. but idk who :(
yes i am bright, as bright as sun haha i feel you.. :( i need my sunglasses, the sun is too bright
i miss u gabby :(
lol im over you now . your an ass for that . bye prince :(
wishin' i was spending my day at #wondercon. :(
:( sorry to hear that...
crap i had church tonight :( ooppsss
i got a follower nd thought it was ...too bad it wasnt :(
is that why you stopped following me too? :(
wow. this shit sucks. and it's sad :(
on my lunch wow i do get cranky when i'm hungry :-( maybe i'll go after work to burger king
yea i may have to wait until monday though :( the weekend is too busy plus it's easter so gotta hang with family :)
oh wow. have a great time. i would love 2 go in july when they come to soldier field, but i don't see it happening. :(
sempre que eu entro no twitter o saí :(
superbly hungry & nothing healthy to eat :(
truly things the etsy forum is a sespool (sp?) and no longer worth my time at all... sad :( 'cause i use to like it there & find good info
who is tal? you are one of his two friends on he made himself mayor of my house. creepy!!! :-(
oh my godddd i miss you :(
yeah :(
can't believe i'm spending my easter weekend doing homework :(
i'm on here everyday.. i guess u didn't c me. :(
nope, it's a bit dark and dirty. i can't get out. :(
i am data-ish, but the name w/out the year was already taken :(
thats goood!. i wanna be theree. :(
ick! he could have atleast been more diplomatic! i mean, people obviously live there. sorry :(
test results in-- i am severly lactose intolerant :( ughhh i loveeee dairy but it's making me sick
bedtime for me, work tomorrow :(
why did i get married too came out 2day!! no date :-( any takers?? / let's go
lol yeah but not my sister is with us. no more hu :( ha
:( omg. corrine is hacked. not coool :(
blahhh meee too :( i wish justin was online:(
i can't watch right now, guys. too much going on. :(
hahahahhaha its my favorite quote ever by i miss florida :(
i an dyinggggg! i wanna watch #smallville now! :(
aww :( the hannah's story is so sad babe d:!
i'm sad you can't come to #prssacr :(
dad's grilling hamburgers and hot dogs./@ a party w/same menu-& s.u.b. no appetite now :(
morning tweeps...pagi2 idung mampettt :(
somebody text me,i'm so bored :( fml,i'm babysitting tonight 8-5am possibly 8am and i said i'd watch tomorrow from 4pm-2am,i need to be mean
i miss my mohawk :(
if u delete your twitter, you'll still text me? :(
: ( i hope it get's fixed quickly.
i'm sorry i thought i *whispered* that. :(
i want breakfast. :(
before it turns into another haiti... :-(
nooooo!! the movie is sold out!! :( i actually really wanted to go tonight! ugh
i have about 40 :(
yeah, its unfair :(
yeah. i know how you feeel :( im sorrry <3
:( true the worst thing to do in a relationship is hold on to sum1 who doesnt want to be held on 2
nope, i'm gonna be working all day. :(
my fingers are too chubby to use to iphone's touchscreen :(
i have a serious decision to make and i need help. which pudding do i make: pistachio, cheesecake, or butterscotch? ... no banana :(
setujuuuuuu :( bencii long weekend!
.:headache :( butt im deff still qoinq to that party 2niqht fuxk that!
gunna have to go no people :( soo tired iloveyou ;)
weird sound? 2pm make this song? oh my.. it's not my type.. :(
okay that's good. i didn't realize i hit millie with some too though :-s god i feel bad she just had her hair done aswel :(
its a bad way to start springg breakk :(
total opposite side of town. :( du hast the night away.
i'm sorry i haven't been on. :( i've just been busy lately. please dont be mad at me. i love you.
im ready to go.. [59 days) | :(
ima be home alone tonight. :(
omg the ferriss wheel is so scary at night, especially when my friend shakes it when we get stuck at the top :(
tyler perry movie getting bad reviews :( (why? i thought it was great!)
the water is sooo cold, i got like 2 muscle contractions :(
i hate it when i woke up and theres no message from you :(
so, i only got to say bye to like 4 people today at school :(
