it's almost 2am, my sleeping pattern has changed since i got holidays from school. can't sleep :(
time goes so fast.. :(
:(
oh well no back rub for me tonight then, gotta be up early for work tomorrow. :-(
#backintheday #rideordie damn i got so much to thank for. muchoamor to my realfriends. miss my boo. sry i left dc :( merezco todo :(
everybody please send happy thoughts; i understand she didn't have the best of days today... :(
getting ready to start bribing people to bring me dinner! i skipped lunch :(
our peepers are drowned out by the traffic noise of 91 :(
i didnt really get to talk to today :(
lol its a dub 4 the workout the gym was closed :( so jus laundry!
yay cuddle buddies =)....but your not here :( u guys gotta send me a picture haha
norry cuz i don't wanna be home 2nite...rather be w/ wearing animal cuz it reminds me of :(
#onthelow i'm sad i ain't get the chance to see "why did i get married 2" today :-(
i have no clue wat to wear!! :( ughhhhh<---im bout to come over there! that cool?
how has even this brilliant design brief concept scored an own goal? :-( its really annoyed me, as it's actually really bad #peopleposters
smh at u! no invite :( lol
idk :( they have shit like that a smart and final xxiamdlvxx
watching mj`s memorial :(
oh no!! :( maybe u should try a little later and see what happens... ?? :/
aww sweetie! :'( i feel like crying now to! :( we'll be fine! just wait for the morning! :) (well morning in la) x
my dishwasher broke :(
and i was just gonna vote for you for mr twitter :o jokes :( xxxxxxxxxxx
they closed lemon :( that really hurt me deep inside
on the bright side yours is technically trainable. mine just looks at me like i am stupid. :(
i stood in it when it was closed and it smashed through :(
i feel lonely without my bestie online :( anyone wana b my other bestie! ??? im lonely n no one is tlkn to me...
ayy chicas me olvido del twitter :(
but i just started following you. :(
feeling of her being there :( lol
te mando costillitas??? y a mi?????? :(
:( ☹
lady, im sick too!! this is absolutely miserable! i've been catching up on tv series but i'm starving and lonely :(
today was such boring day :( well not really i went to norms with my grama ! but my mom and dad just got home and (cont)
yess ! new pumps! but they dnt go with my dress for tnight :(
yes i know :(
awwww me either :( i wanted edge 2 have a rematch 4 the title :(
seriously disappointed by covergirl's new eyeshadow smoky eye sticks. :( totally don't work for me.
i feel so bad. i just got seamus to the quick on one of his claws. :-( i hated it when he yelped in pain. poor kitty
ya totally need to come down this weekend for wondercon you'd love it :) i can't stuck where i am for a while. :(
meeee too! i'm srry love :( *fail* allergies are kicking my butt!
i hate my hair :( i had to get like 3 inches cut off bc it was so dead. i hate it...left in tears...ugh
i say go ahead...grew out mine..my fam & friends hate it...gonna cut it tomorrow...im sad haha... :(
thank u!! it cut off the top of my head tho :( loving the default...
yeah if i see the guy i like with any other girl my heart just sinks :(
dad forgot to bring my turners home from :(
very much so. :(
no seahawks in what? no seahawks there :(
lol! when he first showed up like i was thinking 'wth?!' lol. oh i know, he and dean both made me want to cry :(
i voted about 100x and no change :(
:( dint cry if he does!!!
eww this weather :(
still down in florence. i hope i don't miss the senior walk through. :(
ahhh tease :(
haha aww booo, too far away! :( #happybirthdayleona x
i think sunday is first day of regular season. // but we don't start until monday. :(
what about me? im not feeling the love </3 lol :( :(
anyway, u love him :(
oh kirain :( bukaan aku kak? abis ngunfollow orang gak penting wk
i just got my first mosquito bite of the year :(
lol i am so hurt this is wat i get for being late for the team 15 miles :(
bcuz his mvies are damn near the same scenerios :( ahaha why oh why supea?
wow! wannaseeher!!! :(
i tweet you everyday, legit. and you never notice me :(
i forgot to eat today :(
oh i've always wanted to run up there... :(
3 hrs till work :( i should be in nyc
"los negros no me dan confianza :( " hahahaha holly shit thats the most racist shit ive ever heard
urggg disss peanuttt headd is knockkked out :( saddddd faccce
ohhhhhhhhh tummy ache :(
:( #zodiacfacts cancer least compatible with: sagittarius, aquarius
