ddry tdd g ada ygg jwab mention guw ? :(
m.u :( yeay! chelseaaaa!
noo! there are people here cleaning up the fallen trees :(
what in the hell ??? why do you do this ??? is cryme tyme split??? noooooo please noooooo :(
this sucks. now none of the boys are gonna be on the east coast :( please don't forget about us and come back soon!
i lost pounds already :( yet ;)
oh :( well i hope you do soon :)
you were amazing at the show in leeds, just a shame you couldn't set fire to your hula hoop :( but it was still incredible!
i need to unbraid the lil one hair first :( so maybe around 11 or 12.
pacarmu lg caper mgkn.. ;p pacar gw blg gw gak care...hiks3x waddup babe? feel guilty dah.. :(
enought :(
is not working on my blackberry® with the .37 :-(
u said u would tweet 1000+ fans and u have olny tweet like 50. :( tweet mee? #jedwardeaster
painful to watch united are bloody awful ...*ashamed* :(
pingin makan bakso jugaaa :(
#np yourcall secondhand serenade :(
aww. :( lliam wants to go to eastwood tom eh =))))))
scp... katanya toiletnya ampe ditutup hah? di mall mana pe? :( ada gosip hantu di salah satu mall di samarinda
tee time at 10:30 with & it's going to be an awesome day for golf! too bad i'm sunburnt from yesterday :(
how cool, to have your birthday on a day light savings day where you get an extra hour! i want that :(
i can't sleep anymore, so many thoughts going through my head :(
tease! i'm not allowed chips... *cries* :(
#jedwardeaster <3 you's <3 plz tweet me :(
awww we miss you too mike :(
i feel like i really should have been in rome this weekend. like....really. :(
haha, kay, lol i had like 565 followers on 1.april then i didnt tweet all day cause i were busy and now i have 558 followers! :(
bener2 mau sakit gue hufh :( terpaksa stay dirumah dulu
it means the air flow in and out of my ears is very limited can be hard to hear at times :-(
oh no. :-( visit over already?
haha thanks for the updates. i don't want chelsea to win :(
aaaah. i'll try to forget him. he has hurt me 4 many times. sigh, i'm being hate him. :(
there are some lovely looking cake shops but i'm after easter eggs :(
so who's gonna be waiting in line at best buy? i'm heading over there right now. all work though. :( see you out there.
nope they made us leave.. :( but we did have a tent! now they're giving out free starbucks and smart waters :)
i've lost my carmax, it's devistating :(
all i want is to be friends and u won't reply to me :(
iyaa td jg tiba2 ada email km follow aku lg, pengen tp tak ada kawan :( apa dayaaa.. vi, knapa kamu ke unfollow
wow, i just relize i had halo stuff everywhere on my twitter and facebook... i really gotta get a life :(
i am omoni oboli #irepresentnaija!!! i miss you all so muchhhhhhh :( work's been really hectic
lol i wish.. now i cant afford it :(
i secretly don't want my appointment to come today i wanna be normal & go get my toes & stuff done :( my fingers hurt
urgh..lose back another rm15 :(
no ones spamming me :(
#palingsebel mu kalah :(
really hopes feels better soon. her being i'll makes me sad :( x
i just need some time.. :( i don't want to even think abt it.
oww, i have a cut on the top of my mouth :(
:( i love you.
why is it that when i sleep alone i wake up so early? :( so tired but i can't sleep.
i'm looking after chloeee :(
something just happen few hours ago. that hurts me why?why?why? it's raining outside i'm crying inside :(
im coming in 2012 but i dont want to wait that long : (
legion all i had to hear was "paul bettany" and "action" and now i want to see it! not released in australia until june 3 though :-(
i wish i was turkish :(
1gb of ram isn't enough for me :( i think i need about 2gb of ram 'cause the excess memory needed is used using the hdd and it's really slow
why won't you load, youtube?! :(
man utd trailing :(
i've found men can be even more fickle than women :(
no baths out here, sadly :( not unless i went to a hotel for a night, but again, no money or i'd seriously think about it.
watching 1st half analysis on espn, it just broke my heart to see mu lose :(
i do have a car charger. just that i'm using my sis's car coz mine went to the workshop for service and i forgot to take it out :(
why is the champions league not being aired in the philippine any more? :(
