promise me that you wont do something stupid with it okay? :(
yaah sayang sekali :( iyaa sip deh next time yaa
i want drink whisky :(
inda fit tu eh. hahahha aii sampai hati you. :( tante hot2 kaliah! hahaha!
if only! but i'd have to wait till tuesday at the earliest. :(
completely agree. i'm just getting into android now, need to et up to speed with bb pretty quick too. both java :(
:o whats wrong sister? :(
woke up to house a few down burning! :-( #lisgarfire a bit worried about heading to show now
i miss you too! :( and it`s alright, that`s what friends are supposed to do. :-j and besides, you did thank me that day! :)
i want pancakes :(
it is the hardest thing for me to sleep past 8-9 :( smh going back to sleep
:'( i have to watch it alone :(
i hate that all my favourite songs are so short :( damn you song, i just want to listen to you forever!
i am such a bad tutor :(
holy shit... sorry.. :'( zahra... my boys udah... officially... gw jg labil nih gara2 han geng :(
stupid stupid passport nazis, won't allow daughters passport pic that was taken in a passport pic booth :(
alas, work now :( ttyl
udaaahh. aduuuhh sorryy bgt ya med :( vik check you're dm pleaseee
just woke up. damn csk hit 246 in 20 overs. missed it :(
kok bisa knpa?ia gue udh balik. ih sial twitter gue yg ga bs di buka :( sial sial. udah pulang lo?
have a really bad headache :(
time to shed a tear cause vacation is ova :( but it will be good to be home....erie here i come!
miss u amiii :(
aminnnn haleluya praise the lord!! engga :( becky lg dijalan 0-1 beck. haha.. chelsea unggul.. (cont)
i miss you so much sea :(
no you don't! cold is bad :(
brb, flying to korea to blow up sme :( hah, i wish.
i love leslie! i think its so sad what happened to him :(
why have people stopped :( #jedwardeaster
ahh just finished a long night at work.. back there in 10 hours :(
i can see fergie's hairdryer coming at half time. :(
>>> i asked out this guy and =he said no,...then she mlaughed at me :(
woke up with a terrible headache :( work 9
baby huey goes to pim and eating sushi. makes me envy. :(
my hair looks shitty:o :(
hey2 arabian, i'm nicole wkwk what happen?rt silikon ohh silikon :(
my horoscope for today in sugar mag says 'life sucks. sorry' well apart from one of my besties been upset, its pretty okay! :(
i really wanted to go as well but yeahh.. she got the tickets one night before off her friends so yeah :( haha o well, next time
nightmares all night... even jesus refused 2help me :-( about 2 look up da meanin
where did your $80 money equals to my moneeyyyy goooo? :(
damn!!!!! not a good start at all 2 this match!!! i'm well hoarse now screaming at the tv screen!!! *crying* ... :-(
whyyyy:| it's the weekend! :(
y ini lagi ngetweet . elu ngap ? haha kasiaan.. nge-tweet ajaa boring bget . gue gabole kluar pula :(
everything is wrong :( /hugs
rt@ thatgrapejuice janet jackson on oprah << kinda wish oprah didn't make this all about mj. uncomfortable viewing :(
tolong :( jaket saya ilaaaaang ... ,dasar curaling !!!
here i am stuck with so much work to do. :( lets get ready for zouk!
why do i always like the wrong guys :(
finally i'm going 2 my home :(
where are all the fans? i miss you all when your not online :(
if u want justin bieber follow u :(
canny be arsed studying :( plus i dont no wether uo go out tonight it not..im skint but bored :l
wheres ma wee brother when i need him to do faketan on ma back :(
in the bath :) . got such a bad stomach-ache :(
hiikss...lo jd ke mu nobar?keep updating me ya :( joe cole bring the blues up ahead ... 0-1
i miss him so much :(
neville is crossing superb! but i still dont see enough ppl forward! :( 41' c'mon #united! #mufc #manutd
video babe lol *gasp* i thought you were a nikonian :( macbookpro or canon 7d?
is playing scrabble on fb and i'm rubbish at it :(
onni lg knp ? :( pain,love,hurt,desperate,laugh,sad,unpredictable anything i feel was never feel same even if it happen again
omg i made this amazing eclispe background but twitter keeps saying your image is too big :(
group yg alsixtion ganggu banget deh... bb bunyi melulu... :( it bothers me
stupid pimples! got 2 gigantic ones on my neck. :( [delayed]
babysitting tonight :( kids in bed at like 8 til i have a sesh with edward cullen!
