come bacccccck :(
will tell u later...sowi have 2 go now :( going 4 a prayer now, had to put on a punjabi my mom bout me a new 1 its blue & pink!
why does it have to be so coldd :(
only a few precious hours i have before i have to go to work :-( pouting about having a job today.
if only i knew :( but if u find the answer be sure 2 share :)
man utd's playing terribly :(
i mispronounced the word "organisms" into "orgasm" during presentation just now... why?!!!!!!!! :-( <-kelakarrrr!!!
knp dek mm ? :( god, please bless my mom :( please :(
yup. :-(
photo: i hope so too. :( there wouldn’t be any source of inspiration for me!!! d:
thankyou dhit :( turut berduka cita atas kesialan kamu rak
so thats what that was?!? i had no idea! lol i miss j.t. :( |l sparta!♥l|
nooo :( i knew there was something i forgot (u) was it good (l)?
just spent all morning working on pr! another beautiful 'rainy' day in orkney :o/ >> :( for rain :) for pr you go girl!
:(

</3
got to keep myself amused somehow while i spring clean :( caught anything yet?
#jedwardeaster im never ever gonna get a tweet of so i think im gonna just give up :( much love amy ♥♥♥♥ xxx loveya jedders
ohk so he left 4gud thiis tiime :-( ((ii no)) damn we ddnt spend the nite 2gether n a long tiime. iilove ma baby but yeah goen 2slp wrkl8r
i get like 40% attention when you lot are watching football :( & i've proven to get man to turn off their ps3s/xboxs mid-game for me!! boo
hoping for something that won't happen. :(
just got called a ladyman by a 5 year old :(
i'm not :( (so far, not sure if it's sold out yet) but i'm on creation's mailing list so i got the email about the sched.
awww! at least you know where your going we're getting a bit lost now we're off the motorway :( xx
who wants to give 0.99$ for my talent? please vote for me, i need 2 more people to participate in the semi-finals :(
i have my jedegg on my shelf its not being opened like you told me if it had a golden ticket i will cry :( #jedwardeaster xx
awesome week! now the hard part comes... :(
awww me too! hard to enjoy chocolate when you can't taste it :(
uuuuugggghhhhh i am soooo sunburnt (tiffy is too!) dam garden :-(
just me and the boys this morning. poor big has to go to work :(
i find that game hard. :(
lost 3 followers :(
dad doesnt have enough money in his account to cover the admin fees. :-( we checked it!
otw to the easter eve dinner with my aunties & grandma. i wish my mom & dad could join us :(
coming to the realisation that a new 1080p lcd tv will cost the same as the mac mini i'm saving up to get :(
i bet the voice is tired, and the hayfever cannot be helping :(
up at 4:45am on a saturday... not so fun! i finished packing and ate breakfast now i'm just waiting til i have to go to school :(
oh bum, i did a search on there and couldn't find her :(
why did that have to be a dream? why couldn't it have been real? :(
anjink!!!!! gk ada hiburan di rmh :(
glorietta was packed was about to watch clash of the titans [sam worthington =p~] but the seats were full :(
yucky, right. :-( yeesss bugzzz & high pollen counts we gonna be toooooee up from the floooo up lol!
hi brother! p90x is great. unfortunatly my body isn't as tough as it used to be & i've had this week off due to a bad neck! :(
gotta wake up tomorrow morning 4.30am t go baibai :( my flu, sorethroat and tummyache has still not recovered. i sound like a frogggg!
have had a week off school and have not done any coursework :( really need to get some done. .
i know it's sad :( twitter isn't complete without you! x
drg niky ad tnding :( kalah drg bebh * hasil apa soo ?rt :( sediiihh hati gw dengar hasilnya ...
leaving for the states :( it's too early... i get up 12:30!
smph, sm lo udah comfort bgt tadi :( tp suddenly you change....jd galak. d:
arggh why do the clouds have to take over man! -- i know man, i know :(
i need a link for miley new photoshot ? plz help me u guys :(
#jedwardeaster i just got myself in jail on my other account :( so made a new one muahaha. tweet me. i love you both
lost 2 followers :(
i'm sorry, i have tooo! :(
lets save the kids in africa that are starving :(
ya wot a pity.. :(
it's hard to get some sleep these days. in my house there are too much racket out there that i can't concentrate. :(
nawww how sad :(
