oh noes!!! there's a "teen soap" on bbc2 :( they drank bottled beer in a room decorated with fairy lights while listening to kasabian
can't find one :(
that something is sitting in the executive box unfortunately :(
i might buy myself a #jedwardeaster egg, to try getting a golden ticket. no-ones getting me an easter egg this year. :(
wrk was boring and kinda dragged. now in the gym. this afto gettin set for the car boot then chillin. up at 5.30 2mo :(
me too xd but alas, work later :(
spotify refuses to work for me anymore :(
youtube wont let me upload my video for your competition.. :(
what should i do?
nobody on twitter :(
fuuuuuck, i doubt ii'll get this done :(
cudnt make it for the qualifying :( had some urgent work. how did it go?
woke up at 2. :( but! i've made easter baskets and organized laundry. ;p
g bisa nonton chelsea vs mu :( wanna see lampard n ballack..
i am so slow today :(
i'm in mourning..daylight savings finishing soon :-( goodbye summer xx m
shopping today! unfortunately, not with my mom or with her money :(
oh crap i shouldnt of yelled "yippy" i woke up half the street and my ache is back. :( sad times.
omg omg.. 1 bad news... i can't watch ghost whisperer and bones when i'm away.. :( :(
i've got brain damage now :( not like i even had a brain to damage in the first place but y'know..
no i'm not that right now, :( thank you, <3
:( no other designer can be more gold fetish than him...#imissalexandermcqueen
low batt :(
ohhhh :( no, you must stop talking about that, or i'll be ripping that train up to find another lolol
ed a mother or father on earth. good friday was yesterday i forgot :(
they dont do it :(
and it just got suspended :(
thanks :-) have to hit the gym now, i'm bloated :-(
aww :( i hate headaches. get better
give me the best allah,i do want ui :(
take me out from here pleasee.. :(
go aja ema !!! heheh confuse...should i go?? should i stay?? :(
so your going to miss new who :-(
yeaa my feets are literally itchy! :( i dont know why toooo~
awww :( i got a big one, and a big bunny too. i want marshmallow ones though.. xd
ball possession: #manutd man utd 40 chelsea 60 :-(
good morning ppl show love but now i'm off to class :( i'm fuckin tired -_-
me and both lost followers :( follow her :)
brundle walking down the grid getting ignored is the best bit! ps where was my ff :(
:( sorry pumkin. be well.
thanks...weekend already going bad :( hows u weekend? u have a good one tho!!
you're not really here with me ,what was i thinking from the beginning you didn't care at all :(
my family is breaking apart :(
heyyyyyyyyy !!! its a long time you didnt go online on twitter miss your tweets :( :(
throat hurts. gunna miss :( love you!
i don't know why but i am missing makelele today! :( #chelsea #mufc
gosh allll of the main recordstores are closing down... man video killed the radiostar & downloads killed the record store :(
fern bite me really hard and my arm really hurts now :( loves and lots from hollywollyerrieeeeeee
on mocospace: wondering why he wont even text me!! : (
hey how u doin dahhhlin.... u never called me bk :(
couldnt sleep again ugh not sleeping at night sux :(
i was watching the past 2 sessions! got work this time. so didn't see :(
i dont really want the 'inherited' guitar or keyboard anymore... but i feel like a dick to throwem away :(
hmm ceilah. satnight without you :(
maybe it's that time of month? that's what happens to me. like right now :(
flight delay, no planes moving in houston :(
just drawn up a revising plan :( have sooo much: spanish, latin, ict, electronics, french and biology!!!!!!
i feel like watching bones but i can't watch it alone :(
oooooohhhh :( they never knew i needed *yawn
8elw k gw pollous followers :(
:-( just ate all of my easter chocolate..... *sob*
bo dai ji meh ? tagbox kana loser, fucking all this words :( so poor thing :(
:o its by liverpool :(
i'm so tiredd but i really want to get out here :( !!..
this computer is so slow :( possibly due to the fact that it has to much memory used up on it -_-
unyunyu . miss holding your hand too :( :( :(
