i cant smile with you :(
i love youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu :(
missed t last 3 overs. went out to drop my aunt... :(
still no hot water :( i'll wait 10 mins and then if its not ready its a cold shower for me
*siiiiigh* it won't work :(
7% battery left and i'm in noble park. i'm stuck here :(
from dm: please pray for my broken heart. it's going worst and so hurt. :( let god heal me n give (cont)
i know how you feel... my dad pun. he has tons of laptops already but slalu ada new one :(
i love spring but indonesia doesnt have spring break, coz indonesia only hve 2 seassons ( dry and wet seassons ) :(
felling bad .. my back hurts me ,, the weather is bad ,, still at work ,, its saturday ,, am going to cry :( :(
oh no my hangover is killing me not a good idea before tour :(
kesel aja!!!! :( nape si bu kesel amat??rt bapet banget emang tante gua!!bikin badmood sumpah!!!!
hi olly :) do you still have the teddy and fanmail i gave you in manchester? miss you loads :( hope your okay... much love xxx
14 dms off :( i guess everyone hates me then
finally remembered my photobucket password and user name. trauma. now i just have to find the photo files that i lost and i'm laughing. :(
watching live has always been the best. should've took his ticket to go tonight :(
uhuk uhuk... #nowplaying somewhere over the rainbow. lagu ini nampak sedih :-(
oh dammit been dreaming about toast dinner, i'm so hungry now and don't have anything even vaugly resembling a roast :-(
says ; on my own :(
i think people should get me like super-amazing presents for my birthday this year, due to the fact they are all on holiday during it :(
aaa curang! ntn dmn lo? ntn del bgus abis! gua brusan ntn bgus abis! pngen ntn clash of titans :(
i'm sad now, my iphone has a line at the bottom, a...a...a crack!!! :-(
pitched a no hitter on mlb 08, would of been a perfect game had the umprie call a strike when it clearly was one, damn walks :(
sad too :(
aww grabe camz.. ayus ka lang? :( why the heck did they also have to stop their activities in japan?
oke. mm..oia back to t-shirt. gmn ni saia sms tp gag da balasan :(
daylight savings ends tonight. :( devo.
omg imagine tweeted your twitter name.. that's like an istant 1000+ followers :|!! imagine he followed me :(
mhmm :(
thanks guys! bit frustrated as well. had planned several nice little trips :(
i don't have any easter eggs :(
hahaha, just so you know.. you're making me jealous cuz ur getting an ipad, and im not :-(
want a kebab :(
is tampa far from you? what did u do there? i'm heading back to sleep! i was wakened by too much noise this a.m. :-(
haha shes like i'm asian and i'm always like; you wish man. ah. oh :( april umm 25th? birhday 95? please say yes :|
re: my sister. enjoys not enjos. although that looks like a spanish verb. and i don't have the cash for bribery. :(
should clarify, i didn't have a sheltered life, just a v middleclass mother. mcdo=common :(. but mcdo really was disappointing. :(
happy easter!! yeah im ok! just been chilling at home and stuff!! hope ur enjoying the so called "break" lol!! workwork! :( x
:(
loook at this :( where's the sun?
i want punk goes classic rock :(
that was pathetic manchester :( im disappointed in you
grrrr...tambah bad mood! :((( 1 for chelsea by cole :(
gah lost 12 followers :o help me please guys :(
on the national rail instead of the c2c, feels like i should be going on some crazy x factor journey :(
i've ate too much chocolate, i feel sick :(
do you have a link for the no disc crack for sims 3? :(
uhh ! i have just been sick :( perfect just in time for holiday tomorrow where i need to spend seven hours in a car on a boat then car again
is studying for waps testing this wednesday. :(
although i can't find blue tack so i can't put up my gaga posters. :(
save it for later.. hiks :( sedih yuuuu dan gue masih bingung ini yg bener gimana
i'm in mourning..daylight savings finishing soon :-( goodbye summer xx m
agreed! i want to move to china :( but apparently they dont like english people in that country =/
lg sm masinuu yaakk? sendirian niih, slalu bgni klo satnite. bete bete bete :( weew! what's wrong dearr? huhu
sadly no news on that front :(
leaving now, played one round only :(
dbsk/toho/tvxq hwaiting. #alwayskeepthefaith where are you :-( it's trending at no. 1 now. i shall screencap for you k. :-)
:o your early!! i'm jus up! lol..ment to be going football but i'm tired :(
meoww..its nika...im bored :( gotta go to bed at 11:30 for mr bunny :)
such a bad dream :(
gr.. my tummy hurts. :( period.
please tweet me it will make my month because i don't think i will ever meet u in person :( and happy #jedwardeaster 20
emang udah abis hari pertama gue jg gk dpt tiket :( cong ane gak jadi pitbull nih :(
i miss you so much :( sorry for being a cliché.
ah yeah, your lucky! suicide silence an august burns red are on warped tour this year! not fair : (
