waddup babe? feel guilty dah.. :(
zahra... my boys udah... officially... gw jg labil nih gara2 han geng :( #alwayskeepthefaith
been up since half 6. only had 5 hours sleep. had some red bull, but i still feel absoloutely shit. :(
apparently this is the week for dead/dying/breaking computers. sucks tho. :(
gosh, the giant mosquito bite i got from the geo excursion is ruining my skin even more ! :(
it was an epic fail :( but i still love kite flying. hahaha.
really wants to watch mu vs chelsea :(
baby phineas passed away last night :( everyone keep his parents and big sister cecily and cordelia in their thoughts during this time.
nothing special here ☺ there's no one miss u,ten ;p hih not you. you didn't reply my mention :( (cont)
pheromones, oxytocin, vasopressin, dopamine, & neuropinephrine you guys make me suffer :(
poor baby :( ily! next week, me and you it's a date! xd
my apetite is non existant right now! i cnt taste the food in front of me! even worse! so now im angry n sick :(
if you've voted today, please go here and vote again. the website i tried to use broke >_< :( sorry
wish we could camp there! omg its so pretty! we're in ohio tho :(
i was meant to be giving blood now. so i missed out on tea and biscuits :(
yah :( man utd 0-1 chelsea goal: j.cole (20)
it's been three hours, fourteen minutes, & forty-two seconds since you asked me that u'll play dota. i miss you already.. :(
i hate how he's living in london rn :( stupid boy.
is bored and is hating all this weather :(
yeaaa quincy came in again..justin was sleep :(
i wanna play mahjong. :(
ages :-( how's easter been for you?
hey i'm back. but we have to go to a prom.-.- where is ?? :( i so miss you.
i hate getting laryngitis it freaks me out for some reason my voice is completely gone :(
yer lol :( you would be suprised how much you cant eat...good thing i love fruit :)
afternoon :) so much tweets. haha. i want a giant kinder egg & i can't find one so no easter eggs for me :( #jedwardeaster
#jedwardeaster you guys should really tweet me and because we never get a reply :(
me too ! paris miss me :( but in april holiday i go to paris ! i'm so happy :)
awwwwww deanna's eating pancakes...how i envy my sister :( i shall now make my ownnn!!
suffering with a serious case of ipad envy :-( (via me too !!
i feel like shit man :(
awe :( family is more important.
i miss work :( i'm so bored!« aww.
malming with para wanita dgn status "in a relationship"..prihatin,,*jomblo sendiri :(
juz woke up from a really deep slumber i feel a sorethroat hitting me soon.... again. :( sry i will go other fleas w you okay!
riding to the airportt. ugh i feel sick from a new medicine :(
it's almost easter...and almost the end of spring break :-(
last day with my sist, seala ☹ :(
eww its so earlyy. :(
gd saturday morning twttr land! it's raining hre in chicago :( . "april showers bring may flowers!" (cont)
what are you doing now boy???ssim uoy :(
aww :( mum's just told me i'm on my own tonight until auntie nat and uncle grant go! so there's nobody to feed me!
damn! i wish i was in america!! then i would get a ipad.. :(
whats better? doing all that with me! i miss you too much boulangerie!!!!!!!! :( :( :( im going home on the 13th! x
i cut my tongue on my brace ages ago and it's still sore :(
on the way to cam's 1st greco meet! too early with no starbucks in site :(
ugghh some customers are toooo demanding :-(
i've just woke up frm my bladder alarm clock! time 4 me 2 start another miserable day even though i don't want 2!! :(
:( so i won't meet her :(
woi sahabat2 syg tolong bantu tweet #indonesiawantsmcfly please :(
agree, but who? :-(
no more ice cream, jessica! tahan..... :(
why am i awaaaaake? :(
thanks then seel. no seel, i'm so sorry :( yeeeeea welcome back, u got my gift? hahahaha
free internet done :( goodbye until tuesday fellow tweeters :)
omg! rough as a badgers ass. far too much red/green/blue stuff to drink last night :(
excited now i found theatre & got my tickets unfortunately geeks a stage door tell me jej has alrdy gone in :(
iyaaaa libuur tapi boseeen yoo hampir 3 minggu libuuurnya dan 3minggu ituu teh stay at home :(
nah dw babe and it's 1-0 to chelsea :(
aihhh gw kangen maen pas rehearsal :( gw join dong.tar gw ajak si achung laki lu jg chel.haha
u know what i'm thinking now, he's not selected in the team for t20 wc, what a pity :( :(
and now i have a date with a gorgeous guy :( tonight which i have to reschedule cuz i look like i'm hidin food in my cheeks!
i think my baby rabbit is dying, and i just got it a few days ago.. :(
shit i missed it :(
i've been replaced. no more room for me :(
when do u come home i miss you :(
sorry i havn't been on here for ages :) its snowing here in bristol yay :) but kids might be off boo :( ♥
should have been a penalty! :-(
eyes are still bloodshot :(
have fun for me :(
feeling abit under the weather again today :(
gotta go to my dads 50th suprise bday today thou... really not in the mood.
just woke up from the worst dream :(
making sentences by xperia is difficult :(
awww :( /rewinds time one minute for trent
wtf, raging over shanghai pictures, this person really doesn't know how to sort her pictures :(
same here it's vry saddddddddddd :(
...how a boring evening day :-(
shit. i have to leave in a hour!!! :(
bahaha, yea right, but now i dont have ice cream :(
ooooh. i want a cornetto now :-(
: why the hell is happening? chelsea is on tt! oh damn!! where's #manutd ? :(
uhmm you better do that lab report missy! lol yea i know :( hate biology
everyone getting a tweet again apart from me :( you did get one!
haha nuu, but my bestfriend and my parents are :(
aaaand i've got to get to work. :( ttyl bb. <3
chelle did u get any of my chats? not yeeeeeet :( aku ol msn nih kak
fun now outside, homework inside. :-( [delayed]
woke up all of a sudden. feeling super itchy :(
ill be back after 2 days... gw.... :(
oh and my neighbors told me the reason why our internet cuts out all the time is because of the telstra pit we go through :(
having a lazy day becouse i dont feel well :(
trying to decide what to have for dinner :( i can't make up my mind. leicester = too much choice
wow a bouncy castle. i want to go on it :(
yapz ka aku nonton :( udah 1-0 buat chelsea
hehehehehee * bukaaannn i mean nci2.. hahahaha *kissrt aku dong :( fak u cici-cici!
chocolate is okay but my body is programmed to dislike it around #easter. :(
anyone wanna run by with a jar of pesto? otherwise, i have to go back out. :( anyone?
aww :( ermm, maybe :) ha what? x
hope it dnt rain 2 hard or rain at all at 6pm :(
i think arsenal's just too far behind to win :-( but i root for chelsea if they're out of it.
i miss you so much :( sorry for being a cliché.
hmm #501carrotsformal is getting about the same influx of tweets (by #) than #alwayskeepthefaith (89 new twts/min) yet isn't trending yet :(
cant believe i have to cheer for wvu tonite :( just threw up in my mouth a little
bawling my eyes out at 16 and pregnant! :(
i'm kinda enjoying the second one. its quite funny! but yeah, he looks...just bad. he's my fav irishman :(
vou ver os dois ultimos de sex and the city :(
i dont feel well. bleeehh. has to come onlineee! i didnt speak to him yestodaay! :( woah, caps lock was on xd
nawwwh i know i cried so much during it! :( really good movie tho
it's raining outside.. :(
ready to start my weekend...even if its a short one :(
i'm sick :(:( ga enak bngt! :'(rt why ? knpa km beb ? i don't feel so good :(
haha yea i loved them :( but they hurt. and bleed , like steadily -_- and my face odee swole .
imy too !:( very much. all of us hv been bz with our stuff. when i went to ketot's hse to c grandparents pn ketot dh slp :(
i wish our school had sb :( lol
can i remove friends on facebook?? please tell me cuz i added a girl that i hate accitently :( helpp
i no that feeling, been on here since september last year n still no follow frm :(
byk hal yg tak lg menarik mam buat akuuu! :( i miss you too,mommyy!klo lg membolos,let me know ya momm! :)
advantage blues :( but there r 75 mins left ..
i am feeling so sleepy! i can even sleep while walking! yes, that's how sleepy i can be. :(
home alone again. :( bored.
isn't such a sunny day like yesterday :( -- pick up my aunt from central station; later.
