ohhhh....youre such a woman of the world .... im a total homebody :( . do me a favor.flip miami off for me hahaha jk.kinda
dude. i'm still at work. :(
though boo you don't have a release this year, do you? so no video next year either. :(
once again>>>the 1st dude. the one who went 2nd looked mad nervous and was whack today. not n the past but 2day he choked :(
i jus looked up and saw one big round pink thing :(
i wish i could :(
lee ann was greatttt, of course, but i came into arena before i went to will call, major oops and now can't go :( someone txt me, lol! ...
:( it was last minutee
sweet jesus... i had no idea that the location on townsend closed :( i had friends that worked there before...wow.
picking lilacs for sister-in-law's
table, for pieah dinner tonight. la aunt & cousins here. sad, no grandsons for easter. no pinata. : (
well looks like we couldn't find your song... sorry :( happy friday tho!!
i have never been #atajonasconcert : (
please don't let me miss my 16000 tweet : ( lol i wonder who to give it to .
somebody dog got ko'd :( <~lol what?!
the audio isn't working! :(
weird! suddenly my bbm applications is gone.... what should i do?? :(
good morning ! gak sholat subuh :(
ikr! :( i wanted to go sooooooooo badly
i was never in girl scouts. :(
:(
i just washed a heelluva lot of dishes. my hands are pruny :(
i see how it is u don't wanna come back to atlanta :( don't forget about us in the south :)
julie boils 3 lobsters alive too, and bones a duck... double eww :( don't watch it.
we need to hang out over break duuuude :(
we will miss your tweets. :(
yep, this is really weird. thanks god this never happened to me :(
*cuddles* it should agree with you all the time. not just at the time :(
:( justin's mom is being a bitch. aww. justin and selena are meant for eachother so why is that bitch being stupid?
oooh great! :(
or listening, but he takes about everything i say as blame or an accusation anymore :(
phones going flat :(
pls #pray 4 sweet hound bella. very sick girl! :( pls rt!
#backintheday i had a boyfriend :(
wish my girls weren't going out of town this weekend :(
i think i may hav nightmares from this :(
jus passed house and nicole gunther's house...i miss them both so much :(
i would. but i'm not on my computer :(
now i'll go to sleep, buhu. my medicine doesn't work anymore :( night :(
k it only had been 1hour and i miss alot :(
i cant change my bg :(
soooo, i feel like some of my buddies have been neglecting me today : (
what? i thought they had proper candy stores in england. they don't? wow. :(
getting upset at this distance between us... :( << i'm disturbed by it too.. something has to give asap
ik :( i had a head ache :(
yes i know she was but she told me face to face that she dont care so i dont care about her no more. once again im soo sorry :(
-on my way to the mall where i only get about 2 hours of wil time :( oh well can't wait to see him!-
visitem *______* preciso de 22 cliks, serio :(
ahww =( why not? • werken :(
she had some breathing problems & had to be fed through a tube :( although, she's back home now & doing well xoxo
so my xbox rrod'd the other week, but it's out of warranty. can't decide if i want to buy a new one or not :(
oh god. i just want to cuddle and protect your little newborn self :(
even though we've never talked before i think your cool and i have respect for all beliebers. you shouldn't delete :(
waiting for tour dates of :(
oh, i forgot services were being held in central! hope they went well -- couldn't make it tonight. :(
cansei de shopping :(
good night charlie :( r.i.p. john forsythe, another legend gone..
i am in love with the weather. foot still hurts tho :(
i make the bomb fried fish! #imjussayin #fattweet~ none for me??? :(
don't know if i'm supposed to take the chance.. :l :( « with!? bbm me if anything :)
:( ill message ya the news when ya back, personally :)
haha aw thanks i like urs also ! from australia .. & no runaways here : ( what about you ? x
how is it possible to not like someone because of their eyebrows!'r u mad'rt i dont like his eyebrows, sorry :( lol
comeria uma pizza inteira fácil! cramps make me hungry. :(
i'm feeling like i don't have time to be on twitter any more :(
today turned out to be totally lame :(
oooh :( it will be hard nah? and they will not côme back?
just watched next weeks desperate housewives and its sooo sad :(
its snowing :(
