:( boo...not that i can talk since i have 3 conference calls scheduled...but at least i can talk outside
i miss ny :( ....... ♥ seeing the skyline in coventry is rubbish!
i wish you would....... know :(
dude eff my life for having to wake up and be in pasco by 7. and! its hella windy. i'm not stoked :(
wish i had somebody i could take to da movies wit 2night :(
actually, i kind of hate them all except for jj. i miss the original cast :(
i feel like changing my name back to then i dont have to choose between and lol, but someone took it! :(
sorry. i did have the music up pretty loud. :(
:-( x a thousand!
imma need michigans weather to same constant wtf my eyes puffy&red :(
the other bolyen girl :(
i rly rly rly need this :( please send me that letter.
waduh waaa ampun mba allyn maaf :(( don't be sad. smangat say! mba nonis :(
need some advice , bales smsku dong :(
i can sense the sick feeling.. :(
chelsea!!!!! woopieeeee// :"))) ::เอิ๊กๆ // ดีใจกันเข้าปาย :-(
got new goggles. heading home now. my stomach is killing! :( x
célia and jany are at home ! :) vacation we'll be great, but there's just a tiny thing who won't be = braces. :(
this feeling suck ttm, not that i want to... :(
wooohooo! but i did think i was gonna get to see u :(
another day, another week, another month without seeing you :(
keep exist in ur creativity sayaang lah aku kenapa syg? :( bangga sama (cont)
lol yeah but it wasnt on on my television ughh so gutted lmao :( xx
awwh that's really really bad :(
ofcourse i'll try my best hi please tell to for reply my tweet . i want it :(
can't beat a late night chinese when you are starving!!!!!!! they don't do this in scotland! :( x
noooo, no billshido please :( :(
gettin the morning coffee going... where's the sun?? :( (@ tim horton's)
you get to go to work? :(
im so bored the weather ova here is like so depressing it rains 24/7 :(
i miss my old number so bad :( 0815xxxxxx14 .mentari had never been this broken. love you mentari
grrr! has got a new site and i'm stuck at work and can't look at it! :-(
i'm getting back into it.. but i've missed quite a bit :( you?
doggies are not liking this rainy morning. :-(
i'm going out soon and if jamie reaches 18,500 followers then i will miss lloyd tweet :(
amyyy knp baru otw? aku br aja balik dr pp :( heading to pasific place
i realy2 miss her too mungil :( bru kemaren berjumpa tp sudah rindu me miss.polka
me too, but you'll be off before u know it, cheer up!! :) haha on the way to work :-(
o ok it's funny my bro hates him nd i dnt he keeps tellin me he sings like a girl :(
ridiculed, disgraced, nailed to a cross. a few days later he's back alive & triumphant as second in command. peter mandelson easter :-(
untuk sodara semua yg bisa menyaksikan pertandingn antara mu vs chelsea,pleas di share yaa tweeps.please banget im begging you tweeps :(
stupid sickness! :( hate this! grr!
spent most of my night at i miss staying at her house, it feels like it been forever :(
awwww *pauses in fun for sad moment* :( dolly :(
a sixth sense from francona #redso --seriously, read about new reliever scott schoenweis. poor guy! so sad :(
vreau ipad , like now ! :(
according to your twitter, you're not.. :( sorry well i am tellin u the truth reyhanpk: please tell me wh
hmmmm. you're prob safe enough with united couldn't hit a barn door tbh :( ... chelski not much better. cxling each other out...
is so incredibley bored and doesnt know what to do ! :(
y oh y did i make up every hour on the hour starting at 1:28a then 2:28a like clockwork wth i'm so tired,horse &cant breath :(
i was going to invite you and amber to last night, but obviously i didn't :(
second cup anyone? // i haven't had my first yet. :-(
workin :( crappy day. doin much tonight? xx
anelka i hate u now :(
i wanna know why it seems like we cant make it work :( :/
