you & i both love :(
*thows water* xddd anyways, i have to go now :( its been fun talking with you all day! ..as usual xdd bye bye ^^
unfortunately am not (so far) :( trying 2 find some tickets
#lonleytweet hahah this is 2 easy needs a cuddle buddy :(
i hope he sees it. i'm gonna tweet to him the next time he's on when i am. maybe he'll see it. i miss him. :(
:( the worst thing to do in a relationship is hold on to sum1 who doesnt want to be held on 2
bah! i don't think i'll ever reach tweet limit :( i don't think i can officially call myself a twitatic (twitter fanatic) until i do!
graciaaasss! mmmmmm!! q riiicooo!! :( (m encanta!) buen provecho!! preparando una (cont)
struggling to sleep, and it makes me a tired, very emotional girl :(
no time to research :( lol i will though :)
i miss u :( hmmmm lemme think . . . .
awwww poor bech :( listen to dear diary it'll chear yo azz up
my head hurts :(
i want to go to the movies, to watch the last song? idk i love miley cyrus <3 « me too ! :(
damn it u dont play fair, i always listen to u for an hour then i get to spend 2 with now its all screwed up!! :(
seriously just over ate :(
bilangin jgn main kasar gituh hahahart with periiiih tau....huh..... :(
i'm still wondering why youre mad at me :(
charlie's dead :(
:( well, ok...i shall be awaiting your arrival with flowers and chicken soup. do those sort of things work on robotgf's?
wheres my followers at? help me out :(
yer undang :(
i do too.. :( i miss all his retarded tweets. hahaha
meeee? =o when i txt you i dont get replies :(
, glad your living your dream, some of us are scared to :(
i miss my boyfriend :(
i am great! cold :( it's so windy! you?
i love the smell of fresh palms...too bad they're not fresh anymore :(
a little more than two years left...i wonder if everything is true :( #fb
he's killing me and i'm at work! :(
ugh nevermind change of plans i'm not going to #figure8 i feel horrible later loves :( !
good! :) owwww i miss charly already! :(
sorry, i have one more i'm going to upload maybe you can use that one :(
my small cut on my finger feels like i got stabbed :(
no worries soon grasshopper! i'm sooo jealous ; wiish i was there with you guys :( !
soooo tight nail polishhhh chipped on my thumb wahhhhh and i don't have the color on me :( that's what i get for back to back twittering
soar throat is killing me atm.. :( >>sorry dear
wow it's official u really cheating on me? :(
n tem ninguém olhando a genti #cry :(
fuuu :( (i didn't understan b/c of some work) whaat d:
i know so many people who love it! i wish i was one of them :(
this weeks episode of ghost whisperer is a really cool concept but it kind of fails on execution! :(
i need to start working out again :(
i had to stop. i didn't have time & i was a very bad, slow beta :-(
where's my baby at? :(
i think it is because traveling eats your soul :(
ohhhh noooo it's no fun for your ipod to die :(
i wish i lived where ever was because they are droppin '05 flint 13s for 175 tomorrow :(
the hackerspace just closed :( see you tomorrow! (triggered on 03 apr 02:50)
haha awesome , i love the great days, but i've don't had one today :( u_u haha
come back to the cowboys!!!! please : (
i will actually be out of town in chicago... :( no potluck for me.
un-real :( lots of bullet eaters out there!
letis gou :( where r u from? :b
to bad he dun`t follow back on twitter. :(
in need of a new laptop! : (
you wished! hahart yes i am bright, as bright as sun haha i feel you.. :( (cont)
gutted i lost owens' hat, hope david has it :-(
i dnt have any!!! :-(
getting somewhere with my fin hw today. i feel really good about this being right, coz the past few have been 1/2 wrong :(
i feel like sleeping :( and im having breakouts!!
is under the weather :(
my long lost beoytches ! , and :(
i hate generators! especially 1's u have 2 pull 2 start. this 1 turned me 2 a girly girl. 2 late 2 ask some1 2 put it back on :-(
aw that sucks :(
totally forgot your quote today :( i'll double up tomorrow
lost about 30 followers, i'm so sorry guys. :( he was so rude!!!
u can't expect 2 much 2 happen, when u are talkin about big $. if their is a $ 2 b made they will sick it out of us. :(
