i'm missing it. :( i feel so lost.
idk wtf is happening with twipic!!! srsly :(
noo it won't be awkwardddd :( nonononooooooo
well... night turned out a lil different than i expected..... not goin to the movies now afterall. :(
i feel so alone :( idk why but that's how i'm feeling the moment..maybe its that time of the mth or something. sorry tmi lol
if it wasnt so late i would consider getting to 100 tweets but nobody is up so i wud just be talking to my self ...hmmmph! :(
rip dexter...you were the best foster kitten :(
its the newest psp that was released late last year. it doesn't have a umd slot though, you have to download all your games :(
should not have ate white castle. don't feel good now. it always messes with my stomach. :(
are you seeing prusty right now? he got a haircut and did not clear with me first! the nerve! :( still <3 him though
:( i hope you feel much better!and if you don't, i want to help. :) asians help asians. no matter how "white" i am lol
u're like the only person replying to me...out of 654 followers :(
what do ya think about this pict? scandalous ? yes & i got haters :(
unfortunately! :(
why is my dvd just decided to freeze on meeeeee!! :(
damn my head is killing me :(
did u make it over here? not been so good :-( we're open and power is back in cove
i'm ranting!!// :( wassup?
damn ur not alone hun im beyond fed up of the bullshit right now :-( im fed up! ----smfh
i've never beeeen :( dear pf changs...i love u!
watching 'what not to wear' and wishing i could go on the show badly! my wardrobe is so sad right now. :(
afs nunca fui no show :(
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6d7llopjlug
i'm not an expert on demographics, but i did see the graph and it seems viewers for my deaf family are dropping off. :(
n hey sooo remember when we used2play #rockband allllllll fuggin day haha. i miss my friends :(
was at church and it was rainy :(
i'm sorry to hear about mr. bun bun. :(
aww :( hope the weekend is better!!!
awwwww man! that sux :(
watership down :( thr's only 1 rabbit that chocolate rabbits r modelled on. i believe it's hazel from watership dn.
so hongeeeeee!!!! :( can't wait until midnight.
heyyoh!! i'm happy to say its my last day in penang hoorayyyy can go bck kl to party d!!! but don't like to say goodbye to my exhibition :(
belfast :( you?
no it dont, hot weather makes me cringe :( i wish it would rain tomorrow
yeah....but seriously i'm really,truly sick!it sucksssss!!!!!! : (
i need a prom date. like now. :(
will not be in dublin tomorrow, sadness :( but if ye see meh say hai (:
i'm bored! i want to go to mancunia tomorrow but ash may be working :( and lrtc is shit.
i can't eat shrimp i love it but i can't :(
good enough for me :) gonna give it a try as i have nothing to theme :(
tell the girls food revolution is on! let's watch it!---jealous. i can't get it. the 'fries are veggies' :(
back to pleasanton with more rain up ahead...i think i lost all hope for a california tan on wednesday! :(
follow american idol cast-off didi benami who should've been in top 3 :(
rip dexter....you were the best foster kitten ever! :(
munchies omg ineed food ns noboy crest. :( /$nd im dha noxeest person
no, because i'm not playing gow3. :(
i know, gaby ruined it :(
is still down my mac is actually at the apple store :(
apparently no one believes in reincarnation anymore :(
i'm still working :( i would still like to come for dinner, but it will be at least another hour before i can leave here...
like 88 i think help me out bro! they were flowing but they just stopped.. :(
my friends aren't inviting me out ... : (
i no...i'm just tired of being alone! :(
i'm so glad it wasn't! but i'm so sad about zod interrupting :( #smallville
wtf ?? im sorry broo!! :(
wasssup where's ? he disappeared on me :(
wrestling season is over :-( is playing baseball now my arm is sore from throwing. that boy loves all sports
:( i hope you cheer up soon. i've been in the gutter lately.
when using mobile web, there is no and reply option :( cannot install twitter client bec of corporate policy
yeah i rememberrr(: but you dont text me no moreee :(
my cousin nevada just put our movies in the house cause we r moving :(
what kind of question would you like to answer? ah i'm very hopeless to get a reply from you :(
haha its not my fault tho :(
:(
no way!! *looks down disgusted with myself* :-(
miss him already :(
you going to the fair without me : (
yes, the explanation on my blog post is much longer : ( the short version: pres perf = if, simple past = when. ☺
hes at the vet :( he got hurt by a dog yesterday and my sister got bit and ship to get a shot
my date is making me late and i'm gonna miss performance!!!! damn him!!!! :(
guyonan yg akhirny jd brantem chi, g penting sumpah! :( ahh so sadd! hehe..rt why??? tell me :) (cont)
my brother ripped ass so bad in the car. now it smells strongly of poop. :(
sea food night...scallops, shrimp and crab legs...alaskan crab legs r big as shit too>> needthat n my life!!! :(
haha i'll try my best booby! but i seriously don't think i can though :(
uh oh! :l i believe i have lost a follower :( i think he's mad at me. oh well he'll be aight. lmao;
you deserve way more than that! you shouldn't be used :( just remember that you're awesome...always...
i'm boxblocked my love, absolutely boxblocked. :(
my eyes are burning againnnn, wtf :(
im tellin u if u kill one they will hunt u down!! u gon see more & more :(
star inc c"est pas fini ah shit i forgot this disc is to tally screwed up damn :(
muito chato, megaaaaa chato :(
#zodiacfacts #aquarius opposite sign: leo<<<< :( but i love my bretheren leo !!
rub it fuh me :(
wow still not one new follower yet.. :( no monster love!
i dont feel good :(
grem told me if i dont catch the flowers he wont marry me :(
today eric told me that he & kevin aren't coming to easter either, & uncle max can't even come over to dye eggs tonight :(
me too :( :(
i do wanna work out. before i actually do get fat hhaha but im home boored :( you ?
not a film about submarines. :( night.
someone talk to me. im boreeeed! :(
that's the worse part :( this movie quarantine is the only movie i seen wea every1 dies and (cont)
and not a good time for the kid, either :(
very snowy outside. :(
rip iphone :(
sooo mean lol i do that :(
>>>idea will have to be cancelled! :(
oh i know. that is a personal tough one for me. screaming newbie in a grocery store while mom shops. :( pick them up!
i miss new orleans :( i really wanna go work at a station out there.my job placement worker trynna send me out of state
i'm def not keeping this up til 2. :(
chantagem :( (@luizhorn live on
the two bbs i've had love me that's why.. but secretly, bbs are a problem. #i nooo :(
im fa real. i said wat up. never got a reply :(
aw, cool! i'd take you up on it, but i have family plans. :(
im fuggin starving! im sooo hungry! :( fruck.
lucky you...mines isnt here yet :(
i miss jogging to square and back, skateboarding, and chilling at the park, song hunting with lingling :( i miss my bffl.
shiu :(
i lost the charger. :(
y can't it be in the la area? :( latino bloggers needed in the denver area for movie promo. dm me for info!
word! yall bout to get f'd up tonite lol. i would come thru but i gotta work hella early in da mourning. like 7am :(
i want to come to #kouture1stbdayparty put i kno she live in bk :-(
i hear lake side hot topic calling my name. :(
enjoying snorkeling with a ton of neat fish and marine life at hanauma bay. no turtles yet though : (
i knoooow...those poor babies. i just wanna hug them too...i know how it feels to lose a daddy. :(
:-( our girls are so much alike! poor iz!!
im soooo mad! i want a hk bracelet :(
april bringz back sad memories :( | girl you not alone on that /:
i knoww tht song has been stuck in my head for weeks n the video jst ruined it. i mean they hav a lot of young fans! wow :(
dr. ayo is back :( 5 minutes break over. fuck
i don't want to leave the tweetup, but we have to. :( but now we're super late to jill's bday dinner.
i missss you mc! :(
sending my poor baby to the vet. she's been vomitting and hasn't been eating. :(
i miss you too! :(
my feed messed up it kept freezing so i didn't see most of it :(
damn the movies not workin :(
q:my bad. i was just curious. :( a:its coo. i jus dnt lik ppl all in my bizz. u kno? if u knew...
:( joann left me so now i'm in line alone' haha she went to go get water and go pee. :(
you should still text me. i like friends. :(
sitting in braxton at my grannys house.. no phone serice :( bleh
so sad! i lost followers! :(
and my weekend starts......now. but im not so bouncy about it. im in a bummed out mood. :-(
wtf :(
god bless rev blackwell! this is his last ride :( <lu chay>
