i want to see sam and charlie! :( i miss their little irish accents. i miss how much they love me.
ur the only one who followfridayed me :( life suxxxx, but thank you
that wasnt an option! cheater :(
hopefully not for the caps. the habs always play them hard. ended the streak :(
omfomgbfihdfhglfbhfdh is following im so jealous.. wah i love :( he was her 10th follower:o...
lebron,joe johnson,kobe,d-will, what a night of bball i will miss :(
stayed to sign for everyone but id left by then :( xx
:-( i suck
ya screw this lol i feel like the biggest slut walking around like this hate you jay :(
my cars transmission is messed. and now missed the first senior exibition. :(
he never reply or tweets me anymoe :( used to tho just not now! :( ver since i put ironik in my name :( x
prob killing myself because me and are not in ac with her parents who just saw mark sanchez. :( :( :(
aww man if knew u liked him we couldve flown u in! to go to the mixer tonite! ** he isn't friendly tho :-(
playibg pedidle, and losing, pants are the next to go :(
internets down :(
idk if i have gas :( or cigs lol
no! i promise not to use it, blame she started it ban her don't ruin easter for me :( #digitalgoblins 4eva!
right think it's time for bed. reloaded mp3 player some files had corrupted :(
there's a knife wound/healthcare reform bill/obama/emergency room/"you make me like charity" joke in here but it won't fit :(
i want nutella, but i cant :(
lol but i usually have 54.0mbps :(
its raining :( i thing i will climb the tree!
misery. i've had my phone stolen. feel totally bereft. please message or email if you need me! (or just to cheer me up....) :(
lol shrooms :( and no! i still have some squashed in places there shouldnt be... :s
are you okay?! :(
:( yeah im sitting here all alone bored watching waiting for macy to text me.
man, last weekend i was all :( about not being at wrestlemania and this weekend i'm all :( about not being at wondercon. buhhhhh.
awww sorry your feeling poopy :( enjoy your pizza!!
me abandonou rum triste :(
i want a shoutout even though i wasn't there :( and i wanna see pics! (via we had a good night!!!
final days at richmond,i think i mite cry a tear :(
:( lol what are you up too this easter weekend meggy poo?
haha you know she's a beer monster lol
had a great night but fucking soaked :-(
got a pizza! yay!!!! :-)
thats great. sad, i haven't met any :( but many plans. prob see on sun b4 the game & in june the balt tweetup
i got absolutely no sleep last night, and i'm paying for it now. hugh headache :(
i'm at work :(
i miss you :( :)
rt: if you think golden ticket shout be in europe ♥ :(
awww :( i am sorry to hear that
i have 16 exams :(
feeling really cruddy today :( 10+ headache all day. just heard they are callin for rain tomarrow so im sure thats why but still.... blah:(
miss you too! :( hope it goes well ! <333
we were the next people that were gonna sign :( i wish your show wasnt sold out
#nowplaying ready for love :(
ain't got shit anymore. :(
#backintheday i used to fight daily -- me t00 . :(
hi sidrah!! q and i think you're super sweet :( stay really nice :( <333333
so uu not fucking with me babe! :(
hows ur friday been,i missed wossy tonite........ :( he never tweets back anyway, the c##t
haha, i guess so but like u, i know a lady who hates shopping so its not always the case :) that must have pissed u off? :(
this film is so sad :(
yaah, knp g dasar laut aja si? ak udh telanjur booking putri duyung as a singer, hiu as our car, and many :(
at home after the service. :(
lost my voice now i sound like a man #sadtweet :(
first dupple makes me sad and mom makes me mad and my weel its a looooooooooongggggggg story. :(
i don't know but i always burn no matter what. i swear. or i'll miss the smallest part of skin with the sunblock and get burnt :(
get to see my gorgeous tomorrow :) shattered now, s'bin a long dayy :( gd'night everyone, and goodnight my lovely boyfriend, ly x
haven't caught up on all the tweets yet, but it seems like things didn't go well :( how ya feeling?
i just want you to be happy. :(
i think i have become so stiff i need to loosen up.. i dont dance, i dont even skank no more.. madting, i'm a stiffy :(
need to buy a new midi keyboard, it's a pain in the arse trying to make stuff without it :(
well, i was wrong about being able to watch it on tv anyways. :( #letsgohawks!
aww i'm sad i didn't see you! :( hope u had fun tho!
damn thats sad!!..lol. hey is wiz really comin to orlando or not :(
i've gotta go now so i'll miss the rest of ustream :( fail.
kind of pissy that i miss model city! :(
today was so crucial :(
and of course i work tomorrow : (
i knowwww! but i havent been on alot like when i was in aruba i was on like twice a day...not even :(
i wish my boo thang didn't work sooo much :-(
tree down across stanley park causeway, bridge closed, late for movie now sitting in the front row. :-(
haha yes! um yaa sadly :( theres just alottt of hw and projects and tests! haha
at the imax theater fuck clash of the titans is sold out grr :( lol. well me nd my baby jus gonna parlay :) or see shutter island
xactly. poor earth. :(
can u please come back? australia misses you :(
is that on sale in the uk? i can't find it anywhere :(
my reaction as well. poor adam :(
oh fuck are you mad at me? :(
im not sure :/ i wanna know if they would still get my letter though, cuz i sent it like a month ago :( x
ughhhhh why am i sick??? :(
im really bored :(
:( i look like im 10yrs old in my pic xd
:o lucky :( i cant even get to the raddison tomorrow to meet them :'(
off to seattle... gonna miss my friends :( gahhhhhh
yup :( no distance should come between love!!! hahah so cheesy!
sadly, true story: :(
why would yu do tht? i shared my show wit yu lmaoo! :(
putol yung link, reema :(
:( i can't help it.
there are a lot of homeless people here. :(
you're making those of us who don't live in the states very sad. :(
:( the new tyler perry movie is sold out everywhere! i really wanted to see it today #damn
my ears feel crazy a lil :(
why you so emo :( ?
this thing is not goint to trend, is it? :( #smallville
also thanks a lot now i have to listen to the knife :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(

:)
dearboy, why do you always hurt girl? :(
:( kyron is sick :( he threw up in my car :( poor ky! :(
thoughts on screening of "v": thumbs down, frowns all around. :(
parfummu udah habis :( iya maaf sayang.. aku capek td mlm.
new blog post: scotia bank 5 km is sold out :(
i dont understand why i laugh so much at :(
it was koo, nothing special happpened. but beer ? :( gross !!!
no :(
aww thats gotta be long travel for you though :( just a few old mates lewes harris? ben davidson? dno if you know them lol x x
wow, i fit into my sisters jeans!! i must be losing my butt :(
i will later? its not laoding :(
i'm a fan of cream filled eggs but these taste like ballz!!!! :(
just had a moment of weakness in customer service on the epl talk website :( apparently there is a small berbatov cult i've offended?
no one to watch #smallville with me tonight? britt has plans and cassie's t.v. isn't working. :(
easter is really bittersweet for me. :(
so many gays are out of town this weekend (thank got is here!) ur like the scarecrow... i'll miss u the most :(
the #habs do too i miss sk74 :( *runs away*
you're not following me :(
awesome day at the park but i miss my bff :(
aw no! :( at a party?
yeahhhh...!!! yo no :(
it's really hard to be here and not eat the bacon :(
i wish for the same thing every birthday, that wish still hasn't come true. :( happpppy birthdaaaaay to meeeeee. (cont)
oh no! i didn't see your good morning tweet! i'm a jerk :( well good evening anyway :)
ohhh okaay! hahah, do you know anyone who wants to co- own somethingg with someone? i'm looking but can't find anyone. :(
thanks for the #ff! wish i was going with y'all monday. :(
yeah i'm going out of my way to see it in 2d, i'm disappointed :(
tweetin' and its kinda cold outside at rio :(
this one is cracked :( this one will be the mets egg!!
heather :( ppllzzz it would be fun like know one is going we can have fun and party with ourselves
i wish i was home :-(
yeahh...i dont have a problem with it lol was just wondering where our tweetdeck support was.s60 always gets forgotten :( (almost)
soon as i click it that message i just told you pops up. then i get sad :( this all started after my rrod fix from xbox
turned out to be a not so lovely day after all : (
