i miss morning swims with tricia :( those were the days ...
some of your photos came out a bit blurry and weird because the lighting inside was really shit :(
ok...tonight....club, chill wit da homies....or......movies! but its gunna be kinda borin cuz my boo isn't with me :( n…
i should be at the white rabbit :( screw my life...
homewrk and chores??? das not funny :(
alcoholic peer pressure :-( winning is having drinks wit me later! u better not be talking bout the movies!
is trying to fix my macbook. i might lose everything on my hard drive :( please wish him luck!
nooo! i was talking w/a lot of people but anyone record it x____x i missed it cause' i was in my job :(
taking care of two sick babies now :-(
sad i do not live in the atl. could've seen & together tonight. they are both allergic to memphis it seems :(
working on a friday night! my officially went below the "sucking" level! :-(
awww...i miss you too babe! so sorry you're sick. :( how's the book? i swore i wouldn't read it since the movie stars miley.
sometimes i feel realy bad about poor children...i think it's not fair fors some kids not to have barbies and toys...they are all kids :(
i miss my bmb boys :(
the final insult. :( chicago developer to raze the old tower records on sunset for office/retail space
im pretty sure norberts eating a big fat steak right now cuz jesus was crucified, :(
im in serious need of a message! waaa :(
it shutdown by itself & i didnt get to save my drawing!! :( oh well lol. omg i feel like im getting a headache to! it sucks
miss you handsom :(
me too im saving saving saaving!i cant go to th casino concerts :(
well i had a spare but something is wrong with the speakers so that still doesn't help me. :(
yes norah jones in dc => i didn't get memo :( enjoy! heard good things bout her new album
ewww why i am sick!?! dry ass cough :( this ish right here nicca...
that is evil!! i didn't get it :( {oh kaffra, how comes they didn't give it to u
movies w|the bestie ; why did i get married 2 [ played us :( ] haha . (no i didn't ireally wanna go! :()
omgosh hook is on tv! i only hired that the other day. oh but its over :(
just realized im leaving in an hour so i don't have time to go for a run. and i didn't go yesterday and can't tomorrow either d: nooo :(
i love pooh... but i can't watch it... :(
aww starstruck's done :(
i need some new jemi, miley, jonas, selena, or demi news :( cause i have nothing to tweet about lol
had plain oatmeal this morning w/no problem; seems like fried and carbonated stuff does it. so confusing and frustrating :(
:/ you suck :(
we're :( too! man i just checked and we don't get oxygen! :( a lobby may be in order! could tori help? :)
yes :( she upsets me
hate to break it to you, i saw this episode already and do not remember boba fett at all :( sorry.
is sad she doesn't get to see her sister tonight :( she is always at a friend's house when i come home!
demaisss amore :(
sometimes i wish i was my brother, he's so lucky he doesn't have to put up with this at home all the time :(
i hate that i know how this will end up and it'll leave me so upset. :(
i'll just watch tv & chill out go to 1st friday :) lol ughhhhh there is nothing to do tonight... :-(
i wanna be part of the fun :(
certainly no roller blading this summer and if i see you bungy jumping i will be very annoyed :(
no just bored sort of and tired of being cold cloudy weather messin with migraines too :-(
just say the clash of the titans with the movie was not what i expected :(
& i going to tweet alot because i havent tweeted in forever :( i feel so out of looop 1
we're :( too! man i just checked and we don't get oxygen! :( a lobby may be in order! could tori help? :)
well, i burned a vanilla buttercake :( also forgot to spray the insides with oil. never forget that crucial step with yours!!
it's cool an hour's better than nothing. :-) aw let :(
pleaaaase please please pretty please give me a shoutout! :( pweaase.. :'(
throat hurts so bad not even tea and honey are working :(
blahh stop unfollowing please :(
no :( but do ya'll have a myspace?
:(
damn that r-truth :( he needs a good ass kicking
honestly? i doubt it. the 90 degree pollen-fest here today kicked up my allergies bad. headache/sinus crap ftmfl :(
it's pretty bad when you cant turn on spike and catch a new csi because you've seen them all :(
hmmm... wish we had a hot cooked meal... and a cold beer to go along with it, 'cept sumbody drank it all! :(
if you're a fan of get it's a great deal for fantasy baseball fans, or all baseball fans. i just wish i could do it. :(
oh yes i want my deep fried zucchini's! been wanting them forever, that's one of the many things i miss about living in ca. :(
i feel like having roti prata for breakfast.... err, maybe lor mee too? hotcakes can join in the fun? why so hungry? :(
parah bgt lol macbook kw gue ketendang dari tempat tidur. duh :(
feels like she has been ran over by a 18 wheeler.they backed up went forward over me again and drove off. should i file for hit and run? :(
lol i kno :(
homee, booo :( i have a feeling i won't be able to sleep tonighht seeing as i slept until 230ishh today, wonderfull
thank you. :(
bit overwhelmed by the amount of studying i have this weekend :( when is summer again?
man i wanted to go :( lol
aww you make me think about it :(
rims will take at least 2 days, especially if their steel. #trust i know!! lol i was on my way to visions too!! :(
not havin cable sux :(
wait that's real? omg i wanna see that :(
sigh, despite my knee mostly recovering, i still can't go out. :(
yaah sakit apa ndiiie??rt ongki cepet sembuh dong :(
i can't access the note. :(
ok, so i am really missing my hair right about now. weave? malk ain't havin it : (
oh ok.. haha twitter seems kinda boring right now :( justin shud tweet!! :) <3
last day in makassar !! :(
roddick vs the-one-who-defeated-soderling argh :(
idk but i read soemthing i think in your site that probably rol4 was filiming something about bret concert idk is confuse :(
i feel like skipping work tomorrow so i can't watch the chelsea v man u match :(
first lance bass, then clay, now ricky martin?! how am i ever supposed to get married? :( /via
:( don't hate just because i met goofy, donald and minnie! ihate so much right now!! >:(
ooo u was in cardiff :o i was as well but neva saw her cause she was wid her dad n didn't come back!! :( try again :) sure she.
no you dont :( <3
ohhh , i love that country! <3 & i want to go there :( but , my mom dont allow me :-(
me too. and you definitely should. i adore imogen heap's hide & seek. wish i could have it at the wedding. :(
wooowwwww thanks for leaving me hangin & :(
i'm sorry babe! i'm not sure, how much it is, i'm still waiting for a txt back :-(
aww loved him :-( rt dynasty star #johnforsythe dies at age 92. rip
i can't i'm not home :(
yeah that was general. i just have a thing with the catholic church. they have my family trapped. :(
newbfmvalbumnowplz :(
bored to the max. perjalanan jauuuuu. :( misshu hun !
wish i had someone to sing monica's song everything to me to :-(
came out to a yellow car :( pollen everywhere! #das ga fo ya
awww why?rt no clubbing for me tonight & no backrub either :(
would u still love me, even if my butt got small? :(
wootwoooot :) and you can buy me some to say thank you for the company ;) aaah i know me too :(
nnervous about my new hair color dats in the process :(
have just googled them. how horribly sad ... & sick. :(
ughh not really :(
ok ok i get it, u think i'm ugly thats y u broke up with me by txt so y dont u just fuckin say that, fuckin bitch :(
om maaf ya dr kmrn aku spamming mentions om mulu, but i really want it! kasian nih om kmrn tix udh ada mendadak gajadi cobra :(
hey girl, thx for asking ;) i still feel sick getting bad acid reflux, nausea & vomitting :( been to the doc/er 4x in a week
i miss my bishes and :(
i didn't take the nap :( and this headache is killing me... better take some meds
gah baby i'm sorry :(
cartoon network makes me sad. hahaha. :(
got my nails diid tuhday ! soo sorry :( &
i'd pay through the nose for a decent martini with 3 olives on a plane :(
i don't like that last retweet. my boyfriend is an aries. :(
i just deleted my entire #fridayflash document. :(
at inyo sitting at the bar by myself :(
rivas trattoria n greensboro; had 2 sub veal 4 chicken b/c out of chicken :( #fail- food ok; not very flavorful-
man, watching old episodes of the office remind me of how much this season has not been as good as it used to be. :( #breaksmyhearteverytime
enjoying watching the apprentice usa need a fix seeing as the uk one has been shelved :(
i used to talk to shaun heaps, as well as bradie. the last reply i ever got on myspazz was from bradie in june :(
i could make a comment about who was driving but given the context, it's not funny :(
pqp que saco esperar :( kk
special thoughts for dominican republic with 8.0 earthquake. : (
your presence is so required and missed, bb. :( btw, did your boss say anything about june yet?!
my friend is officially on her way to live in amsterdam. sob :(
i miss chillin like a villain :(
without me? :-( (wiping my tears)
it's delish!! sad thing is i ate it first, so it wouldn't melt, so my fries are cold and i may be too full for the salad :(
no backyard to speak off, but enough on 1 side for brick path and garden. not sunny enough for growing veggies . :(
oh no! :( i swear i'm getting nightmares wth all the earthquakes.. 8.0 earthquake near dominican republic. man, i hope....
omg feeling sad again :-( ! damn why me!? wish i had a baby w/someone else w/a realman.
nuh-uh, tons of people are scaredy-cats!! :(
and this little girl is beautiful! this makes my heart sad :(
i did a few times! strippas? lol you never see me :( scrippas!
lookedd for ages in the movie place && couldn't find anythinggg :(
he wont shut up!
i hate my lifeeee
i tried doing bad stuff to him
nothing works :(
same for me. i dun wanna wake up. arghhhh. :(
i dont feel good :( but im still outcheaa!
my mom & i had a crazy string war. it was sooo funnny! she attacked me. & won :( lol until nxt time
#booooooooo!!! :( bring me a plate back!!
