:( nobody will listen to me >:o time to get all ehafoehapohefe about it
watching ugly betty, and they're in london right now. they went to see a landmark and i remembered it was where i lost my sweater :(
i'm mad she was still sleep n shit... lol ( i knoooo nd she jus left :( i'm all lonely now lol )
hmm well it's not like i eat it everyday. only when i have somebody to go eat lunch with. only today it was cold :(
hopfully me and my sister...but maby not...were broke :(
400 pages of sj photos + 64 postcards + dvd (narration by kyumin) + poster.. here i come!!!! <3333 even though i'll get to see it in july :(
holy fuck, that made me laugh.. alot. haha ily jas. are you coming to newcastle? sorry for asking so much :(
omg! i am so sorry :( here let me try this again my song, shots shots shots!! (via & )
so, i totally got the religious mary bracelet bella wears out of a vending machine but mines white and not black. :(
please :(
im so pissed i cant go to my friendz show tonight :(
i think i have to go :/ can't keep my eyes open :( night night xxxx
when all your closest friends are guys, all you have is boy trouble... :( -prom: 28 days!
:( you'll totally be with us in spirit <3
just landed, back in nj :(
lost half my voice! :( and i have a tuition at 11....
...im startin to feel sick, too much junk. :(
haha...i'm there until 11pm cst :(
i have work tomorrow morning :(
damn r.i.p to my cusins boyfriend pray for her and him :(
make this headache go away, ffs, enough is enough. :-(
rub it fuh me :( (via don't want to rub it i want to lick it!!
i cried at #thetitanscurse. :( at the climax, i get to meet all the gods!
so i don't get a #ff? or a reply today? alright i see how it is... :(
my body hurts :(
my bad on the museum bit :( the museums of dc and the aquarium sort of got mixed up in my head :(
ashooo toy ñoña :( .. besito & apapacho mooood ♥ boo!
aw i dont really wana see the last song trailer over and over again :(
that's a biggun! :( usgc reports 8.0 quake centered 130 miles northeast of santo domingo, dominican republic
where do i sign up? yup :( i'm gonna need to join a support group for "non cruisers" cuz i am
don't want to go for training :(
o crap i just realized how much homework i have to do tomorrow :( figures i leave it last minute
srry im new to msn :( but ill try
you used to have 400 followers than you lost one!! :(
i think i will actually be there the weekend of the 16th instead for jenna's graduation. :-(
i've had enough of the world and it's people's mindless games. :(
ohh :( why? it's lovely!
q:hahaha bc its funnny . juliannnnnnn, come home :( ----- tehehehehe how... a:lmfaooo hellaaa
its raining. ew. its california. its not supposed to rain. :(
sad :( southern california beaches are disappearing
no :( but i might see it tomorrow
that really makes me sad... :( and it ticks me off.
awww... sorry lady bug... you are not quick enough for kaylee. :( *kaylee licks her lips*
:( but i'm trying to make him stop blaming everything on you!
#haiti if you just felt a hellacious aftershock, it's because of an 8.0 that just struck 130 miles ne of santo domingo, dr. :(
none :( but im meant to get a dog at some point :)
: ( that's not nice... and thanx lol
cuttin my hair tomoro :( im scared, i totally forgot about it >.<
last 3 months: earthquakes in japan, haiti, taiwan, chile, domincan republic, and small one in cali. whats happening to this world :(
my shake was an #epicfail! it was gross! i threw it away... :(
ima do a bit of reading then hit the hay somewhat early cuz i have to be up early :(
noooo i ws righhht :( marcs on di mic
so tired what a long mad day...goin to be angrier today soooo tired jus wana sleep :(
i wanna go see a movie :(
so, there's this guy. i love his smile. it's just rare that i see it. :(
i'm sad ur not too :( let's get together soon! pool party next weekend!
i got songs on my ipod i'd rather not listen to because they remind me of shit. :( sucks cause they're good songs too. fml.
where is everyone? :(
fiinnally homeee » imiss dem doe :(
i miss my wonder world family :( and i reallyyyy miss my ice cube and my motorcycle.
my hoodrat cousin from lindwood always said that when i was little! the sunoco always had expired honey buns :(
is that any problem w/ my avatar? barusan gue buka mention isinya komentar ttg avatar gue semua :(
dude. are you mad at me!? you haven't replied in over 2 months. :(
love youuuuuuu ilysmtoo ilysm :(
is on the 3rd in the millenium series of books sad that it has to end :(
hmm, running into issues here. getting non-resp both boxes :(
any1 know anything funny on utube ? :(
no, i won't be able to make it this time for bca3 :( do miss me but have wonderful time at edi. #bca3
so coldstone is closed :(
i think i should no one would miss me :(
well preseason exhibition ;) at&t park is gorgeous, right on the water. but it's raining :(
ewww : ( sounds like u finna get an unwanted and unauthorized shower
i could try & sell it to them that i'll be back by june 5th, 'cuz saturday is my regular shift...i wanna wave you off, tho :(
:( camp rock is out on june 25th...=( why? i though it was july 13th? :| i'm not gonna watching it then if it's on the 25th of june. :'(
my dads home. we all made dinner together. we're all watching the hangover on the couch. all we're missing is my brother :( dang!
acc0rding 2 #z0diacfacts me & aren't c0mpatible...teardr0ps :(
why don't computers work for me? others have machines that work for years, but i end up with the shit that doesn't work. wtf? :(
rip dexter...you were the best foster kitten :(
:(
awww, i never feel like i should call because i think you're always busy with jude. :( this was super last minute anyhoo!
tj keeps shooting me these sweet little innocent looks and it's making it impossible to be mad at him :(
q:hows basketball going? a:no school & season is over :(
damn it was a nice day again in chi city ! and zo was stuck at work :(
i just saw the 7th, dammit. :( #perfectharmony
been sent to bed :( lolz its 2:16 am :o hahaha
awake! die le la .. first person i thought of is that hot guy .. :(
why you not follow me yet ? :(
omg this season been great n hilarious.. so sad it's ending :(
i'm so used people spelling my name wrong, i try not to do it others and i did it to megann. :(
no dm's :( i'm having such a bad day :'( someone cheer me up? xo
there's always someone doing someone wrong... // and usually a lot more than just one :(
gettin the night started! aaooowwwww lol- no povediitz? :( <<--- aw neo lol
:( #zodiacfacts a cancer negative traits : moody, crabby, manipulative, overpowering.
i was devestated to say the least :(
im gonna miss you too :( <3
goddamn i hate the season 3 finale of the west wing. :(
:( i thought i was first... :s
 lol, no no no i've been missin you too much! :( clearly i am dumb ass. all in my baccground . all my tweets say it all .
all his relatives with the surname of que won't be attending our wedding...that's about 20 ppol. :-(
oh yeah there was that adn then i said it was dominic from facebook and i lost his signal :(
my pinky hurts now! :(
oh :( so what's the plan fr ur 4 days weekend?
photo: awe :( my face is so swollen. i’m so bored, i hate sitting at home. i like being productive.
i'm gonna head to bed. i love you my angel. miss you!! wish it was june. i really need to see you! :(
who sped it up and made it past midday? now i have to get ready for work :(
hmmmmmm i'll dm you :(
:( made mee feel bad i dnt think so
:( awe
i think i might cry :(
:( there's always tomorrow? taco bell is so good. i miss it lol
medicine time :( eew :-p ! ugh -_-
i saw the john ingle commercial earlier this week but i can't find it online to share :(
nakay i'm bein cyber bullied :(
i have no idea :(
turn that frown 180 degrees to the right :(
i'm up eak laew :( nothing to do today .. wanna lie on bed till 11am but sb. called me !! t.t ~
i am doing nothing :( because mum is working
i dont trust u anymore :( liarrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
will do ca!! hua bdg really is makin me un-sos :( harus liat endingnyaaaa hari (cont)
#rainmen ervin down :( took a minute to get up
...but, it's back to normal now, duno what was wrong bt it's fixed. and because of that worrying me i've went from dozing to wide awake :(
i feel filthy :( hunting for a cupcake bakery that is open late night with
i forgot to put on my bronzer :-(
the 1 time i took my friend to nyc he wanted to get on it so we took cabs everywhere... it didn't happen :( good luck!
it feels like hates me cause he ignores me now :( before he would talk to me all the time, but now i'm not important!
i haven't spoken to him all daaayyyy!!!! :-( ....where is my babii???
so bored on a friday night. no one is around. what should i doooo? :(
:( well ok. maybe another time (:
i'm jealous! i'm goin monday :(
*tears hair out* please work please work please work :( i cba to reset the software and download everything again :(
i loved your blog post! made me sad :( but i'm happy that the party was fun!
miss you :( morning jg kakaa :) good morning tweeps
so confusing :(
gah! hurry and get outta there! i wanna see you tomorrow : (
you need to text me back :(
o gawsh .. my eye has swollen up again ! .. it was fine when i went out earlier .. : (
i'm sorry :( have tarah rub ointment on it. ;)
plz follow me again :( u unfollowed a while ago :(
that would be me too lol :(
