lucky you. it takes us like 30 mins (with hubs driving) there use to be one closer but it's now condos and an outback :(
earthquake jus hit dominican republic .i can't... <omg! :( usgc reports preliminary 8.0 quake <-- omg
well shit! :(
i cannot see any photo on your yfrog :(
having issues with mlb.tv, whats going on? :(
i am so sorry! that must be very difficult :(
they better not :( <3
happy ya'll had a safe flight! ☺ not tonight doll :-( hit me up tomorrow.. i'm about to dm u.
i missed. i missed ryan in another christmas sweater :(
hehe yur like 25 hours away ! :(
i'm very confused about the whole stargate saga... :( i'm thinking about giving sgu a chance. should i start with sgu, or...which 1?
jst got home; layinq down :[ party today ? i quess not.
that changed my mood :( w.e leave 1 :\
yoo, sleepover :(
yg dork. yaaaaah :( topi dork apa pwg ? yg dork uda sold out yaah males bgt ni gua ke crooz nya
:-(
i'm 99.9% sure that my hermit crab is dead :( i'm real sad. he was a trooper living through the winter in my -20 degree room!
i know, its not fair d: i hope he comes back :(
this stomach #ache is killn me.. :-( no bueno!
yea i do but man it's hard :(
who wants a bath? in shit!!! gaahhhhh, plumber, hurry!! : (
ooc: massive bummer! :(
i've been super tired all day. i'm so lame. :(
oh honey i'm so sorry that shit sucks :( <3 lyyyyyy
ugh being home alone kinda sux! i miss the hubs :(
can't wait for my 10km run tomolo morning with charles & harith. i have so little friends on twitter :(
was looking forward to checking in at the palace of wonders on but it can't find it and it won't let me add it :(
the veneration always gets me :(
limewire is hatin on me right now...i cant find any good links 2 download usher's album :(
maaaan i cant wait to see you guys, vip ;) i missed you :(
hahaha i figured you were, i'm laying down anyway and i wanna go to the er :(
:( i'ma hav2 be strong
i'm sad we missed it all :(
:( glad gideon is okay. it must have scary for you all.
it's great that you were able to go for so long! i couldn't deal with the pain. lasted 1 wk with 1st, few hours with 2nd. :(
missed my 15100th tweet! why do i keep missing them?! :(
i got work :(
#iicdhouse is there anyway we can watch the tweet session that has already passed? my tweet was mentioned and i missed it. :(
jackass, you make my tummy hurt more from laughing :(
i'm feeling really angry at the internet. :(
haha... i'm over a year older than nick :( that makes me sad tho... and i start college so i'm far from done with school :(
blah blah blah i think i have an ear infection :( mass headache too.
i gather the field trip wasn't fun? :(
my moms making me get up early tomorrow to get my hair cut :(
yes went out to jordan/beamsville but traffic was madness :( how was yur day?
omg! i'm sorry i didn't do my #ff for you yet!~> its okay!! i didn't do any at all today! :(
that's wtf u get mine too man. damn my head is killing me :(
i miss my family right now :( to do list: buy a plane ticket to philadelphia...
ino it rainin here :(
what's the point of socal w/o beaches? :( southern california beaches are disappearing
will spent the rest of her friday night and weekend reading boring stuff.( really boring) i don't think i'm going to like this quarter! :(
unless it's offensive. then i don't want to know :(
why are you so unreliable? if i used you for work, i'd have been fired by now. seriously, you never seem to tweet my links :-(
i dont now :(
my body is so sore :(
:( i hope your string breaks.
cant call u :(
i found a picture of sweets on my camera today and cried. i didn't cry when he died, so the floodgate just burst. :(
i want it to still be #oppositeday :(
:( i rented the first series
don't give haters attention!! that just justifies everything they do! i'm sorry for what he said about you and ur mom! :(
omg!! what should i do?? think! think! think!!!!! :(
hasn't updated her twitter in like 4 days :( where is she?
wake up late. everyone's on the beach, i'm still home. i wanna go to the beach too :(
aww its not nick :( jkjk you are very loved
def had hella fun stuffed my face and all but now im sleepy :(
wow that sounds so rough. sorry :( it honestly was how i felt this week... so overwhelmed and soo exhausted when it all ended
so jealous! it was much better than my omelet :(
i miss hannah and oonagh :( its weirrrddd not being with them now after days
i wish i could talk to you right now. :(
lol oh shit, u made me spit out my wine good nite : (
i'm pretty sure that i either got scammed on my ebay purhcase, or the seller is an idiot and/or unreliable. i just want my game. :(
there isn't, no :( and i'm it asking cause the shipping amount is huge but for you to send i think would be cheaper. i'll let you
im sad, motherfucker; going to bed :( goodnight goodnight :)
:( :( usgs preliminary report: magnitude 8.0 earthquake centered 130 miles northeast of santo domingo, dominican republic
google get some new rupert grint pictures already, i've seen all these ones :(
oh speaking of i'm going to see #hottubtimemachine asap!!! was gonna this wknd but not looking good for that dude :(
oh, & it freakin' sucks. imma be in japan for the abdc finale. :( must... find... way... to watch... online...
o= omg an 8.0 earthquake hit dominican republic thtz horrible =[ #prayers4dominicanrepublic .. really : ( ?
#beeteedubz i like dont have any money :(
there are so many cute songs i wish boys would dedicate to me :( (lame i know...)
ugh i knoww i'm waiting for haleys bitchass to get home. i hatee waiting till really late to go out :(
cutiie? :( could u say me gn8 or something? <3
the new bb twitter app from rim only does new style. retweets. :(
i know :( ....well at least now i dont have to wonder "wat if i would hav asked him"...cuz i did & look wat happened
:(
im missin my besty so fuckin much we so far away from each other :( ilh so much i wish i could call him
i miss my large frie :( hopefully i get to see him this weekend
y has my head been hurtng since lastnight nonstop :(
gettin the night started! aaooowwwww lol- no povediitz? :(
2.12am and still can get no sleep my shoulder and neck is hurting so much i'm in agony :(
home for the night :( boo
awesome. i need to establish how this years looking for me if i head this. already looking busy :(
ooohhh no print2an tutup :(
my lightbulb in my bedroom is out & they cant replace it until 2moro morning :(
if you want to get chuck norris on the next person that says justin b. sings like a 12 year old girl.. :(
okay, maybe just one more. shit :(
i just screamed because ther was a spider on my wall :( imma cryyy
i wish i could but its in the doorway near the kitchen. can't do anything but keep cleaning :(
oh no!!! my charger to my new #hpdv6 was drowned in frootloop bowl!!!!! :(
failed me. :( dissapointed
lost a follower :( probs one of the worst feelings
dam!! that suxs i sry i'd give u cheese!! or sething a veg head would eat!! to bad ur mom wasn't going to the gym tonite!! :(
bummer! si, al parecer no más two and a half men con él :( es cierto lo de charlie sheen? :(
naw...i wasn't invited :( smh..u?
:( if you were closer i'd take you night shooting with me.
ah. the nail lady thought i was 11! :(
worst friday ever hate it wish i could die 2day is my bad luck f******* day!!!!! :(
not feelin good kinda sick :(
boseeeeen :(
ugh no meat today, & we were bout to bbq when we got to the house :( o well uncle's gonna make his awesome salmon & shrimp kabobs
i don't want to have to leave providence :( no seriously
but who are u!!!!!!! :(
cause you not here no more..lol :(
hey you! i miss you :(
eeyyym,, udh ready ke psr nii :( gengges ya gi? btw dah rmh? jgn lp psg alarm bsk hrs bgn pg! hihirt
they act like they didn't do nothing. they broke my heart but they act flat :(
smtg is wrong with your link. i wanted to fan you but i can't access! :(
im excited too! i dont have a countdown :( but i've been calculating it lmao im so so so excited!!
:(
i wish i can be there for that :(
the orange pen i was using made spots on my black and white sheets. ughhhh :(
