:-/ oh shut uprt that's wtf u get mine too man. damn my head is killing me :(
sorry i couldnt get you to your goal . i tried :(
damn 'i wanna go 2 the party :(
tomorrow tho ihope :(
dancing with anni & mel today, no betty cause she's sick :(
thinking... worrying... :(
i know!!! :( omg what is happening with this world?! it's so crazy!
if only this pos would move faster :( #meh
i am not ready for this :(
o my o my gosh how did u get it :(
oh, shit who do we gotta f*ck up??? kidding sorry you're pissed. :(
noooo i didnt want boston rob going home :(
ah : ( that's not good. hope things turn around for you and they will...perhaps tomorrow! : )
off work. finally! what's the dictionary definition of part-time? i may need to forward that to my bosses. :(
i know..but im kinda sad... :(
did u go 2 the show? i am so sad tht i couldn't make it 2 the az show i was in fl! :( now i am back!
i hope use arent slaggin my boys off in jazz's ustream :(
waiting on my pizza. staying in and making it a blockbuster night. no movie night with my home girl. :-(
i dont have any dm :(
no, i don't :-(
tired, body is hurting, and i need to clean my room but i dnt feel like it. :-(
awww :( whatt happened? i hope u feel better! i know how u feel
i ask myself that same question :(
haha i know i'm not, i just sound it some times :( okay, well goodnight, sleep well :)
apasii th?? ky main tebak2 dh.. gw udh ad,tp bwt cadangn ci.. :( hhh, i hv no (cont)
once i reach a follower number that ends in 9 im stuck :(
loss of company :( now its a dead scilence in this neighborhood. but it actually makes sense that i can handle a guy friend too.
sick!!! blah.. wish i could be out enjoying this amazing warm night here in columbus : (
:( i wish i could say ill talk to you later. but i probably wont =/
it makes me sad they don't make movies like this anymore. :( hmmm.
sorry to all my followers!! my school blocked my internet for some bull... soo i only tweet from my phone... :(
i had a backup and when i tried to upload it to the computer i accidently synced it instead so i lost my backup. :(
:( feeling blue oh well-----what's the matter love?
all good #ff here sorry its late! :(
orr mel now your doing and u was moaning :( loool
almost forget ! happy bday my lovely brotha, park jung min! awawawa. #501carrotsformal. ah, i just can updating sms. :(
i miss my turk! :(
sgu is on tonight! t no #evfn for me tonight. not really in the mood. :(
diggin the cydia update. :(
feeling sad and idk y :-( omg me tooo i think our stars aren't aligned toniight
"apple hates black people?" all of the shows, magazines, etc launching on the ipad tomorrow...none are black :(
duh mylene! we dont have ulam for lunch :(
ok i talk too much thats why ppl unfollow heere :(
i went down for like 45 mins.. once it was 4 hours lol.. bastards :( » 4hours?! i would of gone mentallll!!
yea! i'm ok. you guys are too sweet. thanks.. waiting for the call from insurance. : (
get me sumthin i neva been there :(
i just heard that dominican republic had an earth quake :(
off :( (@vitinhods live on
:( we were supposed to hang out.. see? you ditch me!
huaaa :( pulsa gw abisss
i wish i was up in san francisco with fellow tron heads to crash the encom event. :(
bu2 aying lg nae mu..rt udh tdur 2jam :( morning vi..ayoo tidor² ;prt (cont)
i guess i'll have to go buy my still-on-the-list christmas gifts tomorroww :(
off to work.... feeling like crap :(
yaw don't love me ne more : (
oh i wont. i just wanted to share with some people that even though i'm so awesome i do have haters. :(
i will when i don't have work, i work all the time #upsettweet :(
lol, no. : / i hate it, i just had too. :( it sucked. i would spend the whole day.. like 12 hours there. : (
i'm serious.. you're letting me down.. you're too far away :(
darn! i missed you. just left :(
no one is listening!!! :( follow and you will get a soloo shoutout! just tell me! please go! haha
thats not doing me any good :(
i might not be here for the next to days until monday cause of easter :(
now that i just finished doing my taxes, it's now official...no ipad for tomorrow will be painful & sad :-(
im all lonely :(
my head is hurting :(
apparently its just gonna be open in 200 theatres :(
mines okay. im sick tho..on my first day of spring break :(
uh oh. :( what happened?
#shoutout2dagirlz that dont have boobs lol #ishareyourpain// :( lol
haha i guess (: is still better than :(
followed you, but the dm thingie still isn't working. :(
on tuesday....wish it was longer :(
mannn i'm #starving!! who wanna take me on a date?.. :(
awwww, i'm missing my best friend too :(
i know! i'm almost bitter. but i have been using the heck out of ripit, so i guess it's alright. still a little mad :(
yeah, poor rex :-(
to america? no :( really want to visit ny and la predominantly ... would love to travel all over but that would be too ££££!
:( | why the long face
ahahahayyy jgn sedih duonggg g di bbm di tweet ngece trs :( cieeee bb (cont)
not so great... :( hope yours has been better!!!!
woof! lol! hey ladd, how are you doing? long time no tweet :( happy easter to you!
i quess :( lmfao
why??? :(
porke estoii perdiendoo mi voz :(
i can't i have no one to split the rental with and no one to take me to get it :( stuck in gville
pengen ke bsm,ke candy chocoland city! :( :(
:( h8r (@mmitchelldaviss live at )
the song ended :-(
you've been stuck all day! how many hours at the ferry terminal?? :(
dressed in all black for a funeral :( haha
dressed in all black for a funeral :( haha
}*** cough ** cough ** :(
chubby sebelah.. :(
pain is getting worse and i'm starting to freak out :(
the song. i still haven't heard it/seen the video :(
107 98 for vermont over #rainmen :-(
dome, brilliant breakfast dq died :( dq breakfast! is it still...
some of this food is nasty , smh . :(
:( please follow me?! :)
i spoke too soon. now mobileme is not letting me input my password to find my ipod touch. :(
my sister's bullet bit the dust last week, and hers was fairly new :( i'm sorry technology is being mean to you
oh so u went to that tiny chat instead of mine :(
#shoutout2dagirlz that dont have boobs lol #ishareyourpain// :( lol
nem sou ok, sou um lisho :(
too bad they are so bad this year though :( pyt blaring from the speakers at the palace! go pistons!
awww qt i want too :(
was your surgery ok, last time i spoke to you, you were just due for it :(
dear god, why is my real father such an it really sucks! :(
i miss chi-town! :( how's the weather? oh! you have to go to gerdonios pizza while you are in chicago.
fuck this shit. :(
not good :( sick! i've been on the couch all day!
i smelled like cigars when i was a kid because my stepdad smoked them :-( he was a good guy otherwise.
so i have basically lost my weekends bcuz of work :(
i really wanna be home watching degrassi :( hows the episode so far?
now i'm hard at work too.. :(
at the sportsplex watching all these games...really miss playing aau :(
awww :( thats gotta hurt!
that is very sad indeed :-( thoughts are with julian and fam! such very sad news about death of sonia (lady) mcmahon...
damn son! tell him let you goooo :( lol we need to go!
its gonna b a long nite .. i'm fightin the flu n i'm slowly winnin :( wish me luck
rsponresponrespon :(
i burned my hand while ironing my shirt! ouch :( dumb shirt! lol
is so effin bored #in380 by my lonesome. save me!! :-(
i wanted it and got it for christmas. liked the idea of not walking around with umd's but not all games ate downloadable. :(
i wanna do bad things :(
i so wish i had some #crawfish... :(
it is right by my gram and gramps and my uncle. but mom said no cats will be pooping in our yard anymore, that sucks :(
the good old daaays lmao half off : ( rt@frank_ibarra oh buffalo chicken ranch sammich you make me so happy.
we looked fir you on our way out! :( free swag rules! i got the cookbook!!
check it out & tweet me about it :( #makeyouloveme
