i mish yew too bebe :(
ik , because i kept refreshing ... i wanted a retweet from him but no, never happened :( anyway what's up?<3
i managed to mess that last tweet up :( will try again later.
behh my headache is not going away :(
thank you everyone for the ffs sorry i'm in a bad mood and just cnt do ffs :(
apparently a friend's wife has already been recruited to help. :(
boreddddddd...home for the first time this whole week :( lol
thx 1138 is playing tonight at the castro and i can't make it! :(
so sorry we missed the tweetup at tonight. really wanted to see the ring, but timing did not work out for tonight. :(
i hope your test goes well and that your pancreas was not affected. so sorry to hear that :(
okay not being funny, my face is burning up. i think i'm allergic to something... ouchhhh :(
hey you need to have another world tour. don't just go around the states :(
mee too!!! :( i'm real sad! :( #inmyfeelings
oh cool..have fun..wish i could go :(
amazing how many gawkers there are. people lost everythig they own! this is not a tourist attraction! :'( cats died, people got hurt! :(
i had to take off my acrylic nails. i had them on since valentines day. now my hands look icky :(
damn it :( girl, interrupted isnt online for netflix.
fuck! they took my flowlights and made me check them :( #asot450
he supports my bone collection, but won't tread in abandoned places with me because it's 'illegal' :( so you shouldn't be.
she hadn't. she gave an old shirt to my grandmother, who wore it tonight. it's really got me wondering if it's happened before. :(
wow, precious and her social worker are in sam's. couldn't get a pic though. :(
and that people actually play it.. ugh :(
can you call me? i lost my phone :( i knwo its in my room but i cant find it for the life of me lol
i thinla she has the wrong jordin! because that surely wasn't for you. :(
yeap,thats all! its going to be quite hard man but we still have to do :(
tallulah: yes green johnny! ooh -holds head- me: are you sure? :(
walk safely there!! have fun tomorrow! wish i could be there. :(
are you quoting songs or is something wrong? :(
it's this episode!!!! #smallville << cnt believe u seill watchin dat! gave up a long tym ago... dey ova drag dat show :( <<
its true! last wk b4 alvin ailey, my experience with crazy was like no other :(
you are very lucky you know nick, kevin and joe :( i wish i could hang with nick for just 1 day, not as a fan but as a friend
skipped keeneland today- didn't feel well enough :( all i had energy for was lavendar bath & nap
i'm in pain- #advancestage
my lil girl has to do breathing treatments too :(
i wanna go home :(
what happened ? :(
sushi again...where was my invite?! :-(
yeah yeah.. chaurasiya babu is quite mean :( am very sweet lil girl .. *see see my halo*
it was a sad ass elimination i didn't wanna see them go home :(
ohh id be jealous if my sis did that lml wen i have nothin to do tyrell is spinning the night at his friends housee :-(
#shoutout2dagirlz who watch what they eat and then have a binge attack!! #myeyesrbiggerthanmystomach :(
ummmhmm! lol ion even think we goin :( lol.ima sell ma body fo a ride lol
u goin to sante funeral tomorrow? :-(
yeah i didnt wantt the papa to die :( he was so cool! lol
lol...were in panama and everybody didn't come :(
i don't have the song so i can't. :( omg but i have money. to itunes i go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i want some haribo right now. :(
ok. so change of plans. no corn pancakes. smh. at least not yet. :-(
story of my life! :( the worst thing to do in a relationship is hold on to sum1 who doesnt want to be held on 2
awwwwh, my back hurts like hell!! :(
q:why do you stab vampires? :( a:cause unless it's a girl vampire i don't like them sucking o...
i die a little inside when i lose a follower :(
awesome- definitely let me know! i'm getting one right now. :(
gotta let my 6 year old brother play club penguin.....uggg!! :( brb in 30 minutes! bye!! www.thomasb650.com
woot woot! own domain name! :)
argh its sooo annoying! and irritating i just want it to goooooo :(
*me too! i went to buy a bottle today & they were sold out. smh! :( *rt i ♥ moscato!
seriously! and his memory of her arguing with john on the phone. the look on his face and what he said when he hugged her :(
waaa! i can't make a fun rwnj name out of mine :( joe joenston?
wee one has been crying all day......not sure if it's the boatload of new meds or a girl thing. i really can't hear out of my left ear :(
it's that oh so great time of year again. :(
meli¡¡¡¡ sorry to hear that¡¡ :( wish i could be there w/ you¡¡¡
toes :(
awe :( which one are you gonig to?
awhh is deleting his twitter *waves byee :(
yayaaa benar, hhert km asli jgja dit? pgn bgt pulang kampung :( (cont)
spring break is slowly creeping to an end :(
hala oi! :( i dont like to end up school on 20-ish! i have a lot of plans! :((
if you were following me then maybe i could :(
:-( sorry bout yo luck then cuz puppy got a ways to go in obedience training lmao (i know remember!!)
i just read that, :( so so horrific
twitter is so dead today :( and im super duper bored!
my wine glass is empty :( i need a refill
i kno i kno boooo :( xxx
awh i missed degrassi! dammit! what the fuck?!?! :(
my hamsters died last night!! now, there's only 2 left :( both girls .. d'oh!
bbq today hope the weather holds out. can't find me esky either which means warm beer for me :(
no, haha i wish. he had one here last year but i had class :(
hey can you give a shoutout to me & my friend marie on a tweet? but then again your always busy :(
snap crackle pop! <3 i've really missed my friend shannon :( so glad my brother brought me with him to visit her.
omg sissy i miss watching the hills together :( i know "lo" lollll what's the 411
hmmm wonder if he's still alive :(
psshhh, what about u? >:o what about meeeeee!!!! :(
ohhh luckyy! i had it last week :( the weather supposed to be so nice this week!
fudge! peeled apples? i don't know how to peel! :( (growing up, my parents did it, then i developed allergy) [foodtv]
i am so tired tonight!and i have a killer headache :(
sorry, but i don't know time or date yet. :-(
hot water bottle in bed. :( go away tummy ache!
disappointed i wasn't able to make it in today for casting :( i love coming to your office. working burts bees :)
i have really been knocked all the way out this whole time...now i'm mad cuz i wanted panera tht bitch closed :-( where's
just woke up! i still haven't eaten yet. hungry like crazyy. :( on a brighter note: campers are marching right now
my teeth have slightly shifted :( i hate it!!
nope :( we chillin :)
i love how everyone flaunting their jeeps today. stupid. :(
im crying. :( #dontfollowfriday hahaha you thought i had forgotten!!! muah <3
i really wanna go to cirque du soleil: alegria at the breslin! ugh!! no one wants to go :(
in my current situation, missing as much as i do shouldn't be healthy.. i want my baby back.. :(
i don't want to stay in tonightttt :(
i thought we were cool :-(
eep, that complicates things. the box isnt getting a strong enough signal for some reason, which is why it's being stupid :(
i think im going to sick :(
ugh, need some more followers now :( :(
i keep on checking every minute, and its the same every time. no new tweets :( except for your tweet just now lol
my time machine brokedown... : (
i has no credit to reply your message, i'm sorry i'm not in school. :( i have a fever. should've told you earlier. :(
quick grandma nappy nap, before i head to le neighbores for ms. hennessey's floral themed parlay prefade. still dk wtf i'm gonna wear?! :(
i am the only not 21 year old here. how sad :( aha i wanna drink too! fake ids anyone?
no one talks to me :o thats sad :(
mu vs chelsea , bagaimana ? rooney absen sebulaan :(
stupid hot cross bun made me sick :(
that was the most embarrassing thing ever :(
i really need him right now. :(
i won't be there :( are you guys taking my baby easter egg hunting?>>>>yep, i can't wait!
jgn blg ayah pleaseee :( ade gak ngulangin lg, maaf maaf. iya ade tau ade yg salah. maaf :( jgn blg ayah teh tlg tlg tlg tlg
i started crying again when i tweeted you that lol...i'm just a ball of emotions today. i would just hold mike in my arms :(
that sucks! :(
agreed.. and it'll be at least a month before i can get one here :(
aww i'm gonna try to help you get your followers back!! :( stupid hackers!
so sick but wanna have fun :(
didi will be there! yay! i love her! i was sooo sad she was kicked off last night :( i was a big fan of hers #iicdhouse
i wanna do somethin tonite :(
just wants to lay out and look at the stars with this one amazing person, but shes forever and a day away :(
no :-( lots on the importance of thank you letters though...one of the more hilarious sections.
hmmm...miserable...yeah :(
shoot me now :( i'm so cold, tired, i'll, spotty fuckingg chicken pox :(
cool! mine doesn't do well when the subject is moving. :-(
good nt to be in boston. ryan montbleau at toad and landhorne slim at house of blues. shame i ain't in boston :(
i need time with my girls :( fyi
:(
you are a dirty h00r and i miss you :( come back!
oooooooo shut up. u just said here u go. u didn't physically give me any :( liar
:( i want some cheese cake leave some for me mi deh pon mi way just now...
right at this moment--- nothing :(
do u really truley love me? :(
thx doll i will.. btw total failure today :(
shush! now if only there were an easy way to get them up to huntsville, but they're too bulky :(
you never dm'ed me back! :-(
i can't believe it-- my favorite yaya's leaving us for a two-month vacay :(
omgg metoo. i didn't get to laugh with her today :( ayy did bravo do anything with the speeches today?
oh no, sorry to hear that :( google carphone camden robbery and read all about it. ok sleep time. better days for us 2mrw
no my mommy wont let me :(
:( excuse me wifey? you gotta come to vegas before we live 2000 miles apart again...it's been almost 10 years! haha
:-(
that is far away. booooooo. :(
no its shit :(
2011 is to long to wait now that you've tweeted about them :(
dianne........ :(
