watching oceans 13. makes me want to be in vegas right now :(
wait what is ur msn....ur not on mine :(
got so pumped and excited, but the lady said this cat has no white on him :( ours had a little underneath :(
i got prescribed the yucky medicine :(
ok thanks.. be an angel and ask matius make an announcement canteen like how i did last time, only clearer? :(
i am on this team too :(
im just playin i aint even got yo number no more :-(
i want you toooooo! but im not home and wont be till later. :(
guys, lost a follower :(
i am so sorry about the nodules :( they found some of those on my mom a couple years ago. best of luck to you
:'( i wanna go to the concert ahhhhh :(
you weren't looking long enough for me :( arw sucks dosent it </3
loool its actually a shit age..nothing really changes for you :(
my first week of spring break went by fast....only one week left :(
soon! my sis left me and i have no friends :(
omg i dont like 2day.just wanna cry :(
sadly i can say i've seen that before :( poor people hope none are seriously hurt. poor animals :(
:( i hate how my friend asks me to go over.. then says nevermind.. wtf is wrong with you ?
i don't know if i like being this close to the dugout. scared i may get hit wit a ball... :-(
i'm here spec! :(
danggit i 4got ...i'm home my bizzad :( =-/
go do a little cardio & burn it off!  so mad that my 1200 a day calories are blown and i had 1420 :(
they didn't have :(
that stinks. i was looking forward to it. :( i am pretty unimpressed by "where the wild things are" ... bummer.
what!? they're recasting morgan now, too!? :( no!!
everytime i get an email i get really excited thinking it's a story alert and it never is :-(
whats wrong? :(
i'm not an expert on demographics, but i did see the graph and it seems viewers for my deaf family are dropping off. :(
what am i then :(
i know! :( tgk lah camna... just wanted to go there for one thing.
wooaaahhhh? not missed calls bro- i'm sorry, my phone is a heap of crap :-(

i miss brett
vocês ainda nem me responderam :(
the person i love doesn't even know i love him :(
dont do that :( listen to lp it be all better :) lol bth maybe?
ughh it makes me feel unloved when people ask if this is nick lol. everyone loves nick :( haha
argh work is gunna be busy as today :(
ummm im a big boy so i can stay up lol...umm got home from church lateee...aint seen you for time man! :(
he almost killed my fantasy team last year! :(
we've been neglecting this account it seems :( keep forgetting!! xx
#ayes nomore #heartbreakkid shawn micheals :(
7 hours till f1, doubt will be sleeping tonight :(
yes it would be so cool :(
awww, i'm sorry :(
andres said he misses his girlfreind :(
damn ur not alone hun im beyond fed up of the bullshit right now :-( im fed up!
still awake :|
one of them nights were you just carnt stop thinking about everything. usually makes you feel sad :( love you xx
2010 has been a pretty shitty year for me too :(
ohmygod someone please go to the show with me on saturday! my mom won't take me unless someone comes with me :(
lmaoo guh deh you .. why wanst i invite on this conversation fun :(
i just lost a follower :(
hahaha im wide awake!! cant sleep! :l:l sorry im spamming your twitter :(
i need some new jemi, miley, jonas, selena, or demi news :( cause i have nothing to tweet about lol
i ate some oatmeal today... i definitely do not like oatmeal... i will stick w/ apples & broccoli! i'm a boring eater :(
anyone wanna chat i've got nothing better to do :(
it is. its like, rejection :(
i love that stuff too but they test on animals :(
awwww i missed you too :( x awww fifiii
its finished now :( i'm goin to lotion on the fone, and sleep!!!!!!!
yes, four thumbs for them! ;d
kkak jg pasti bs kok hehe. 15? bentar lg itu kaaak :( iya skola, kka (cont)
idk i don't anything about hp. :(
ok so wont b on tour wen its my bday, witch means that i think he should b in australia 4 my bday :) hm. i wish :(
me 2! but i'm at work till 11 :(
dang, just got woken up to go out to dinner and practice. its so cold! :(
yayy its easter tomorrow :)









day light saving finishes tonight









:(
absolutely naff all. :( shall go for a delightful walk i think. :)
the girls have gone home and now its time to clean up before mum gets home :( devo.
sorry to hear about your wallet and ipod :( hope chi town is treating you well!
left pinky finger's injured. cannot type properly. boo :(
me 2 #lowkey lol i miss my bmb boys :(
haha yea fersure i will take some :) and i dont got aim :( cuzz i usually use the im on myspace or facebook, you got any of those?
:( i hope she gets to doing better
8 minutes until i'm allowed to leave twitter jail. :(
so bored. :(
ohh..hehe..taon ni aku jg bkal ditinggal ciciku :(
because there is a chance they may well do! :-(
oh damn :( i thought i was special enough for u to tweet that about me;
oh no!!! i just broke my camera!! whaaa.. : (
i just checked my plane don't get in to norfolk to six :-(
#nowplaying sara beth-rascal flatt (very sad song :( )
i wish i could go! :( you aren't coming near me...
i'm shopping :) i have to model some belts tonight :( don't make fun lol
i just think she'll think i'm silly :( x
just woke up from a nap and i feel like shit! :( now i think i have a fever. booooo
i miss my old lifeeeeeeeeeeeeeee :(
i think i might go survey the conscription today get exciting before the most excited day of mi!!!! no bien :(
i'm going to bed. have 2 work tommorrow :( but that's so i can have monday off because i'm flying to ireland to see so its ok
don't twitter while having a bath yea, i think you can imagine what happened :(
no. i was invited to a party tonight. since i skipped the last one i have to go. :(
awh no, i'm the same :( but it's not all bad being single :)
omg :( i'm sorry bro
i'm excited for the premier! but my dorm doesn't get oxygen! :(
watching star wars clone wars. i have a headache :(
i miss my bf :(
watching swordfish for the first time, and i don't get to finish it!!! i wanna know what happens :(
sounds like great fun! i'll be at the office most of the day :( but i will be listening to nin :)
:-( i hope you feel better soon
i was just eaten alive by ants in the woods :(
niggah, im at work and then i have to go to church. :(
true lol more! i did a few times! strippas? lol you never see me :( (cont)
. lol , is she gonna laugh at my voice ? :(
no i am a fatty and ate it all :(
aw, man, really? that sucks :( #zodiacfacts #scorpio least compatible with: aries, gemini
sorry to hear about your great uncle. it never fails, when it rain, it pours. :(
finally saw what "charlie" looks like from charlies angels, he died today :( r.i.p. 1918-2010
berusaha untuk.. :( eh haiiii...udah bobok? ehem.. kalo draw arsenal akan bersuka :)
i can't... i have to pack then i'm going to toledo :( :( we could have yesterday, i was at kelly's w/ des like all day
omg :( im not loved anymore
só hoje que eu fui ver o clipe de telephone hein :(
wow cant believe im addicted to something :(
not gonna make the show tonite. :( pooped from driving all day. have a great show!
hates being sick on weeeekends :(
i love getting replies :) especially from which has never happened before :( make it happen justin? ily
stacee's bro hates me and idk why :(
marama, im here for you :( no mattr what.
the destination never, i get shown love true .. :(
this huge mosquito tried to eat me alive! of course it goes after me cuz i'm impaired. :( hope i don't have a bite. :(
word :( lol : ) #mydumbass be fukin up a good thing.
bill maher on teabaggers: these idiots can't even spell go back to kenya // says "video removed" :-(
i went to the nursery today & only bought a geranium for one of my many pots. i mainly was just pulling weeds!! :(
we'll go together nxt time.... lala1inall blown :-(
you can't do that! don't say things that break my heart :(
yeah,i see..but u nver tell me :( u shld have flew w/ me 2 kl ystrday from jkt. :) (cont)
so apparently the m60 is super accurate. getting pwn3d at bfbc2 by a medic :(
:(:(:(:( i'm still thinkin that he was angry :(
starting to feel sick..... yay. :(
the crowd chants ddub, they stole donnies name :(
appears allergy season has begun for me. time to start keeping a benadryl on me at all times :(
:( well that's no fun! i sorry you're having a bad night
