"yurr boob is really squishy. yurr boob is really squishy!" hahaha dammmnn. sad ta admit.&i shuldnt admit. that i miss that! <jkg> :(
my legs hurt :(
im in l.i w| ma cuzzin maddd boreddd :(
fuck. my back still hurts. :-(
stopped by 's studio today to say hi, he wasn't there :( his staff was really nice though.
missing the excitement & youuu : (
is sleepy :( i cant go to bed this early on the first day of spring break!
nd jdi :( hmm..byr jo,s psrah..thx,anw :)rt ring off kode lagu stow klw nd slh.. he'eh.. pke as,cid.
awww i missed your event :( i got called to regina to be a 'celebrity' judge err haha! me a celebrity..!!??!!
watching the blindside :(
i won't see my big brother this weekend? ☹☹ << nope :-(
she left before i could tell her, was supposed to be back, but she called and said she wouldn't be :-(
anyone want bronchitis? can't stop coughing! :(
hav a great gm tonight :-( can't go cuz i hav work also. u :-) willie parker, larry johnson, n clinton portis will b skins rbs?
i knowwwww! :(<- u should just come out here nooooooow.. we miss u :(
no!!! :( usgs preliminary report: magnitude 8.0 earthquake centered 130 miles ne of santo domingo, dominican republic
you are very lucky you know nick, kevin and joe :( i wish i could hang with nick for just 1 day, not as a fan but as a friend
the problem is you then pass out and can't smell it anymore! :( #confessfriday
don't know anyone/anywere to go :( 8 mths sucks! hate that, why aren't you out on the town? it's early there!
gqmf unicorn princesses: i missed a trolling post? was it on trek_anon? i am sad. :(
i miss you, charity frances! :( it's a good thing i have a library card, because i am checking you out!
damn, my eyes look like shit after crying so much last night :(
i got there at 4.30pm cause i had school :( we waited an hour in the mosh line then we realised we were in the door two :l
i hate losing photo's as well :(
go figure! that's how my luck is...non existant! :(
ughh i wish :( wishful hoping i'm sorry
well i had food which u can only dream of and envy so much............................................ from subway! :-( :-(
brother's easter holiday homework= revision for his year 4 sats mostly maths. he doesn't know the difference between fraction & decimal! :(
i know! :( :( sad. & when miley cried! ahh </3
até parece :(
that sucks! what a bitch move! sorry that happened to you :-(
i miss tweets :(
:( don't feel good.
umm your hats covering your head.. cant tell that you got a hair cutttt :( lol
ok, i won't follow you unless you follow me back! :(
jeez why do such sad things happen :( someone hit a guy on a motorcycle and he's just laying their :( it just happened. pray for him.
wow i have become a true cme... only attend church on christmas, mother's day & easter. :( #howsad
:-( i wish.
so tired of being pukey. :-(
ahhhh left my phone in my dads bag!!! crapp :(
i wish we could have floorball trainin every weekday :(
feelings of regret... saw my cousin today, and my 135i that i sold to him damn. i didn't know how much i missed it till i saw it again :(
i don't know :\ people stopped tweeting me , i felt boring :(
stephie my birthday is this month.i'm getting old :( lol
everyone's goin to see copeland tonight, wish i was :(
i didn't see either of you last night :(
wuwu gw ga sempet :( gue udah doooong he he pengen nonton how to train your dragon!!!!!!!!!!!
tabby tired :( and i'm in line for splash mountain and i'm probably gonna get soaked and end up crying...
i did the instant coffee thing and can no longer feel my left side of my body :( cc
whew! tuff day on the course.. played well, few mental lapse.. top 10finish :(
no see, tal vez :/ :(
i don't... i don't wanna do this :(
watching my dog skip because i miss my puppy :( 32 days till i get to see her!
don't get fake boobs. you're too sweet and cute. spend your money on a designer bag or something! :(
please follow she just got hacked :( and needs her followers back<3
im so tired and they think im going out tonight :-(
iknoww , this is crazy how he grew on me ! laying in his arms was the best ! =[ mannn me too :-( i want him
lam? & tell josh to upload! :(
this is bullshit!!! i wanna watch the new episode of degrassi! stupid power going out! :(
2 ya tante hhee kemarin liat new yaris, fufufu mamaaaaaa mau :( :( jangan dikasih mobil butut maa please, langsung aja
noo web cam :(
:o i'm jealous, i remember ages ago i used to talk to andy on myspace all the time, now he never replies :(
is really tired, lots of fresh air today!! i would love to win a book tonite but not sure if i can stay up very late :(
i miss tweets... he so close but yet soo far :-(
i love .. want him here just now :( nighttttt guys :) xxx
hanging out with and is missing :( #lml
please follow she just got hacked :(
i did not realize they were there... hmmm... but no printer. will try tomorrow. hopefully will work out better than danny m. :(
i love "the way i loved you" it's a very nice but sad song :( do yyou like i wont apologize?
helloz...ramanagaram trek bcam housefull...so cudnt go :( so travelled to trichy, juz reached here...!will spnd tim wd fmly
yuccccccccccccccccccck. her man dumped her cus he wus gnna lick her out but he sed it was too hairy :( #sadtimes
i called twice and she didnt answer! :-(
the actress who played the alpha heather (kim walker) died of a brain tumor. :( #heathers
omg i miss all my friends from seattle right now. :-(
eeeeee lord of the rings is on tbs. i need to work on getting my tattoo drawn up. can't figure out the elvish for it though. :(
maybe later, gotta finish my goal of 6 paragraphs, if not will be disappointed :(
to bad my mama have the dodge magnum instead of the dodge charger but they are just about the same :( lol
me ajudem, preciso de followers :(
really? maybe i should look harder :-(
don't be sad, tai-chan. :( if it makes you feel any better, i've always liked you. <3 :)
i so,dont wanna go home when i leave here :( lol
:( ->rt welp capricorn... sorry.. #zodiacfacts #capricorn opposite sign: cancer
my phone's getting shut off for the weekend. i love you girlyfriend. :(
speaking of pages, does anybody know how to get my wikipedia page back? editors locked people from writing one for me because of trolls :(
i hate being sick :(
i might have noservice at the hotel :(
soooo yal ass alrdy on da way ther? so yal left a nigga out : ( smh sum #taylorgang bullshit lol
i'm hungry again :( and no food in mi room...#fml.
man i just checked and we don't get oxygen! :( a lobby may be in order! could tori help? :)
damnn mama i dnt even have a car lol... « well thanks for asking where i was at as though you could :(
whyy yu barking on mee :-/ :( !! stfu carl !
lol fa real....... i'm dyiiiiiiin!<noooooooooo<dnt go :-(
sucks that i can listen but i can't log in. :-(
i just sent her a message but she is probably giving other people goosebumps right now :(
do you have an explanation why you unfollowed? :(
i miss them too. they need to come back now. :(
i just got a job offer for a real-live ~40 hr a week 9-5'er this thur may be my last #tni for a while :(
hmmm not sure :(
pspgo, think its a bit small for adult hands, dsi gives me pain :( #mhi
fantasizing may help *hugs* :) i'm so bloated i look pregnant. i wish it were a baby belly instead of a food belly. :-(
busted just as day 1 drew to a close. :(
aww im sorry,yeah i ahd to gett,60 stiches across my head,i wasnt suppost to live :( but i did :)
lol! how imma drink by myself :( he sleep with ya ya
nt gd been in hospital since wednesday had my appendix out :( jst wnna go home now wt bwt u?
(cont) so hit me on the fb and bbm.. its been fun and yall are the shit. #thatisall #goodbye -- noooooooooo :-( (crying)
microsoft can tell when you use that and they block you from live :(
yeah. :( i'm certain you've heard that term at the lunch table before.
dry mouth :(
hey iquess :(
dropped my maglite!! :( but it still works.. phew.
is it a zoo already? :-( are you going to stick around later for deal?
awww i don't know why, alicia i can't do it! sorry :( i think i feel too mean when i do it. haha
home. losing my voice :(
it felt good 2 hear it but not from him... :(
& aweee gws (l) <3, : (
please follow she just got hacked :( and needs her followers back<3
i seriously need more followers....i can't do anything exciting with so little. :(
heleeeep tuhan heleep!! :-(
u too busy wit dsp for ur beta boiiiz...u left us.. :(
i wish they'd just make up their minds. :(
i wasntt invited :( ...& nuthinq really the niqhtt is still younq >=]
went home sick from work.... boo.... feeling like shit kinda blows... come take care of me :(
i'm a douche bagggggggg!!!! :(
i just saw discovery chanel live! ...dumb stray dogs killed a bunny... i'm sad :(
lol, next time. ok no doubt but um im hurt yall didnt invite me tho : (
i'm gunna give in, and i could possibly become a justin bieber fan. carly's wearing off on me :(
have any britney fans been to kentwood, la to see her childhood home? i didnt see anything britney-related there today, no mention of her :(
ohhh my eyes hurt bad today :(
i hope so too :( so how was ur day josh
ok i'll add u but sorry i must go now :( if i'm online i'll give u a mention (: bubyeee muahaha
if i still had my elliptical i'd get an ipad just to watch movies/read books while i walked/ran. real book's pages always flipped :(
i dont even know what sizzurp iss, i cant get it heree :( glasgows rubbish :l x (#jazzmaneonustream live at )
sprained ankle :( and twitter. sucks. a**
i did, but couldn't find any :( #perfectharmony
family wanna cook out on the grill on #day2 of my diet. :(
dear fever go away please :( i feel icky. shower time.
my knee realli hurts :-(
