i'm always down but i never can go. its not accessible w/out a car :-(
in new york. :( oh how i miss the south<3
hey you should give us a way to use your free shipping coupons online. :( i keep forgetting to call before 5 p.m. weekdays
i don't know what that is sorry :(
:( why am i so bored. entertain me
fuck >__<" : (
:'( my best friend possably ex has been texting the guy i like all day :(
i <3 e.b. :( lol only so many kids know who or what this is.
this brat is staring too piss me off :(
jeeeeez can i live?
gold cinemas for dinner and movies. unfortunately isn't my date tonight :( (i miss you!)
do you like austria? i don't think so 'cause you never been here :(
so i didn't meet i bought a cute satchel. still not happy though : (
haven't been sleeping well since last night i don't know what's going wrong :( hard to say good morning
is in the crib tonight with no coldstone :(
lolll awwww your older than mee :( born in sept or august?
haa :( shushsuhs to saindo , bjus (@umbeero live on
#rainmen ervin down :( took a minute to get up
i'm sorry :-(
lol thank u its weird no hair back there :( never again will i cut it
trust me, i know. :( ewing theory needs new name. knicks haven't won a playoff game in 11 years since they traded him.
i think that on your day off.. you should have replied to me.. :(
my baby is in cali without me :(
watch the blind side* this movie is sooo sad :(
*twistlovinn*
a would but i dont know the adress man :( (@jazzmaneonustream live at )
poooxa :(
i know right ! i would kill for that :(
just woke up, siccccckly :(
and ive never been that happy b4 in my life :(
m.jack5on<3
hahah i teared up as well :(
and follow friday (sorry if i forgot anyone :( ...just send me an angry dm) #ff
#dontyouhatewhen your home bored :( den do suntin
just thought about what i said sorry :( im just not in the mood. stupid boys
tasty, but oh god it sounds so shitty from youtube! :( ♫
no cause dis shit weather activates my allergies :(
everybody comin home this weekend.... except 1. smh :-(
was at the 21 today just to see you and i didn't :(
thanks dear :-) they grow so fast :-(
cadeee o sorteio?? :( (@yeah_clothing live on
shit manitoba scored again :( 3-0
lls i wish i was eating !
:-(
buying my new cell phone soon :) but i am still sick :(
omg! 2 ppl unfollowed me : ( please dnt go! : (
fuck my phone is about to die! noooooooooooooooo! :( yfdf!
awww :( but honestly the movie was amazing!
bahaha!! bored too, huh? give me 15 so i can shower still smell of shrimp. not in a good way... *blegh* :(
im praying to god that im over here freaking out for no reason!!!!! :-(
zzzzomg, gabe. why aren't y'all playing the roadshow in cali? :(
i've been super tired all day. i'm so lame. :(
umm i'm on my fne :( tell u what do have chris talbot on fb?
you guys unfollowed me :(
listening to music so i can be in my happy mood;;i miss my happy mood :( i was happy for 3 days straight :(
m.jack5on<3
:( lol
:( maybe they'll fix it by next weekend.
vancouver's still 19+ only. :( help?
yup :( i'm gonna need to join a support group for "non cruisers" cuz i am already feeling the depression set in.....
im sad :( like the real kind!
dulling environment!... #saveme, someone, anyone... :( :( *sob* sniff*..hel*..
my chest hurts :-(
i didn't write last night my wrists hurt too much :(
cuz its a ferrari... they're built for the track not for comfort :(
lol... i feel ancient :(
:( yes come for a day!! #ifyoucan #butreally
i remember as a child shedding a tear or two watching that movie. je suis d'accord. watership down :(
that sounds so good... but i'd have to use goat cheese :( lol
i can't read :(
fever. kidney stone. lots of pain. oh you know just my life :(
lol iam not a liar :(
does anyone know where i can get some this is ivy league merch? i can't find any! :(
haha have you had teeth out? iv had four out an need 2 more :( you getting braces?
i already started the paper work . consider us divorced . you didn't come in sickness & in heath jerk ... no :(
aww of course!! go a!! you're so lucky, adam's first word was dada :(
they were my otp :(
gosh finally : ( i hate #twitterjail thank you
jelous of the lesbians much :(
t-t work hard now and you can enjoy lots of beautiful days later! don't be sad! :(
why do some people have luck in love and not me? :(
not going to see the last song anymore :(
1st bird flu and had to kill hundreds of birds,then swine flu and had to kill hundreds of pigs,hope they dont recognise bieber fever :(
awwwwwwwwwww my poor babe, im so sorry i wish u werent sick :(
mama's fried rice is awesome. currently missing baby. :(
booo its kims last day on oltl :( ima missss her <3
if i recall, none of the winners actually got to take their piece of the crag home. it was just a prop. :(
awesome i just napped right through when i needed to leave to get to dinner on time. now i'm gonna be a little late. :(
levei unfollow ao invés disso :(
poor broke his ribs :( make him feel better and follow him xd
hiks hiks sedih berkepanjangan gue hari ini :( hari ini ngabend buat ajari rere dulu, tinggal ! wkwkwk..
awww/ thats gayyyyyyy :(
i don't have the drill though :(
the hospital made me sad. wish my grampa would just be able to open his eyes :(
coloring w christi i'm not so good nymore :(
my best friend didn't make the cheerleading squad today :(
web site said under construction :(
in other news i want to make kenzie and bj a basket but they won't get the full use out of it :-(
as if speidi are getting a divorceeeeeeeeeee i feel sorry for spencer whyis he so crazy now :(
soakeddd :( grr stupid busses hurry the beep up lol beep up i'm cool..
every minute i wait, seriously feels like forever. so don't make me wait please? :(
i got to see him today for about an hour, i wish it'd been longer. :(
sorry you weren't able to make the panel :( panels are relatively unimportant, i hope you are doing ok :)
whatever, people are going to laughing at my "cut, it, out" full house tattoo forev-- oh :(
sama allan? guyonan yg akhirny jd brantem chi, g penting sumpah! :( ahh so sadd! hehe..
bored at work. need company! :(
both :-(
my girls went to da movies w/out me :( no fun
my neices first word was dolly lol aww of course!! go a!! you're so lucky, adam's first word was dada :(
i hate f33liin lonelyyy>3!!!!!!! :-( awwww.
si, al parecer no más two and a half men con él :( es cierto lo de charlie sheen? :(
they didnt qive me much. just a couple of bluntss. :( he never qawt a dna test . . .
boy oh boy ...i got the bgs! that damn banana pudding *growl & bubble* :(
i'm getting a callus on each of my dainty little hands from this fence building stuff :(
gym time kinda dreading it because of this sinusitis :-(
i cant hear u :( lol (@jennybethwillis live on
ok getting drunk the airport...stuck in the atl!!! my flght to jax..effing cancelled!!! :( they r busing us tonight...haha wooooooo
the horror of having to study biology in the morning :(
sabar sayaaaaaaaang :( hati gua perih ngeliat lo bersamanya.
miss ur voice too abang, miss very much :( huh i miss your voice
i had to give up my sharpies to get into the show to night :( those where my favorite colors too.
omgahh so board at work ha :(
i should probably start writing this story, but i hate my writing :(
muito bom o show do nirvana que passo na mtv! mas esqueceram da musica something in the way... :(
i feel like i'm being rushed :( they have like every store imaginable w/ in walking distance!
awwww :( all his hair!! but it's adorable
nope! :( only the california does, and some 612's...
cann you give me a shoutout pleasee? i only have 40 followers :(
phone + flashing red n green =battry dyiin :( bbl
someone download the impossible test app & help me beat it :( i keep failing
aww, what happen ? :( wowww not in dee mood -_-
i don't :-( i'm trying to find one. as soon as i do i'll post it. :-)
miss you like crazy too!! :(
i have new followers....i just cant see u cuz i have no web :( lol shout at meh dammit o_o
50 followers, i'm like a semi-semi-semi-celeb! (also i'm still sick. :( )
i don't have a life right now lol :-( it suckss.
earthquake jus hit dominican republic .i can't... <omg! :( nooooooo =[
you are given by god :(
but we loveeeee duh. lol <3 i'm good,just work :-( but okay cos i <3 money (:
earthquake jus hit dominican republic .i can't... <omg! :(
:( aaah que sacanagem !
its raining and nobody wants to go out. :(
today was so fun! catching up on tv and not looking forward to working all day tomorrow :(
how is the show going? i can't be there tonight :(
i'm so angry/upset i feel like i'm going to puke :(
say where the #ciroc //dey ain't have none :(
i don't knooowww :(
i listened to mo's whole album- sad to say i only liked 4 songs. i was so excited about this album, but disappointed after hearing it. :(
omygod. it's a bad weekend :(
so upset w/my pc.dont understand.uploaded skype.now cant get on firefox.only windows which is effed.took me 5 min to write this :(
ugh. being sick sucks. i have a temperature of 99.9 :(
lookin for sum 1 to eat out wit :( i wish it was me
they disappeared into his room, which he has been cleaning for days. she's been in town all week, but not here til now. :(
who in the fuck stole my shoes...«sorry :( they went wit my out fit
eating cheeerios :(
i don't like bubbles :(
today is the worst day to work at a restaurant, :(
