hey not lonely :( your not alone
upside down feeling. :( i hate it.
fluffy, i got muzzled yesterday and it's still locking me out :( can you ask the universe to follow this one?
seriously? its still sunny at my place. that sucks :(
it does that sometimes :( try again in like 10 min? i would me alot if you did!
i actually had part of it written down years ago, lost it during a move :( ah well, hopefully it will be better now ((hugs))
going to spend the rest of the friday playing battlefield 2. not bad company. :(
since when did my pillow become a resting place for someone else's elbow?? move now or i kill you! no room for my head :(
miss correct ijebu garri wiv st. loius sugar n correct groundnut wiv peak powdered milk... #imissnaij :(
watching afv! ha sooo damn funny
kaydee lynn :(
your slowly killing me, and i wish it wasnt true.. cuz im so into you.. :(
really,i wanted to see snow here :( i wish i had eyes like yours, are beautiful *-*. i just like the color of my eyes are kkkk~
damn you! i wanted to go to that game so bad :(
frankly speaking #bangalore is boring for me. i have spent every friday and sat night home #fb :(
i do not know why im awake :(
just lost a follower:(....i dont like it. it makes me feel like i did something wrong :(
so, the crepes were so good! but they said theres a no "large" food stall law in fayetteville that keeps them from selling :(
not backing up my data into the cloud = failed :(
just got steamed by katie macallister. tried to get changeless, but b&n shipment got lost. :(
i'd forgotten that quayle-ism. fries + ketchup = 2 veg? no wonder so many kids are diabetic and obese. :-(
hape gue ilang de :( eh kok ngilang sih -___-
i work ten hours tomorrow, :( just thinking about it makes me tired
... deary me...... :(
so a year ago today i was in prague :(
i replied :(
i keep thinking i can stop taking tramadol, then it wears off & i have to get up only to have shooting pains run down my spine & leg. :(
tgif! the weekend is here! time to celebrate! ... and get in the car .... and drive to lax... :( sadness
trip to rainbow river tomorrow got canceled :-( no frolicking with manatees
:( ozxkarito #peopleshould stop twitting to much and they should get a fucking job!!!
k no one is helping me with my issue :-( thanx a lot tweeps
i felt like that when my great grandma died when i was 9 .. i was devistated ! :(
my ipad kbd stand, video interface and case is on its way, but no ipad. :-( unfortunately my ipad is a 3g model due late april. have 2 wait.
i got frosting on my blanket :( no more eating donuts in bed.
woot woot! still out. :(
i'm sorry you still aren't feeling well. take it easy this weekend if you can. :(
didn't think i was that drunk til i walkd into henry the hoover up the stairs..gonna hav a bruise inthe mornin :(
could possibly kill the new da. i had the 'stacks' format :(
here now watching the new tyler perry movie. me too :( i wanna go 2 the movies
*hugs* would you like some chocolate? and tea? and more hugs? :(
:(
#nowplaying timbaland ft. katty p if we ever meet again :(
i miss tupac!!!! :( #imjustsayin
actually sucks :( xxx
i think i'm going to be sad :(
your gonna do just fine even though ub is over! :( just know im gonna blubb at the finale! :(
also 4 out of 8 days done at work...not liking having to work 8 days straight :(
di ko na kaya!! sorry i really have to tweet something! :(
me too :(
i'm late to the party :( was cooking & cleaning #madchocrocks
lol u shouldn't do that i like u :(
i love my husband lebron but it's tymee 2 change my background :(
twitter is seriously dead :( wow whats a follow??? i dont mind who (except justin bieber)
i miss my brother :(
it blew the fence down! :( guess what i'm doing this weekend? haha...
iya yg inti tuh yg susah mah :( sempet? iyh kyany, ak lupa gerakanny sh, gmn sell?..=. (cont)
....... not tonight :(
ah so tired. gotta get early tomorow :( lol. texting until bed. with jes :) . text t up
:( & she prob ate the dick & the whole cake -- with no help smh
i dunno, it'd cost a fortune by phone :( but it'd be nice :)
suposedly a 3.2 or 8.0 idk :(
semalem mimpi perang dunia ketiga kejadian. what a dream! :(
it's only for a couple of days... :( dont be mad <3
hissss...nt happi with numbr 1 vid :(
re:|@davina_baby: i miss having that special someone>>>> me 2 :-(
plz pick me ill do anything for tht ticket! im in love with justin i bought 17 albums and didnt get it :( #goldenticketbuddy
awww i got an unfollower!! guess its back to 42 till i reach my goal :(
yes :-(
kara's goo hara never met her parents since debut :( #kpopfacts (via
