:( nah. stayin in peoria tonight. thanks though.
no, they just lend them to you :( i wanna order one though!! i know where they are from ;)
oh woww !! you don`t say much :-(
no youre not :(
i never see the headphones guy at southland anymore :(
#backintheday i had a hugeeeeee crush on and wrote him a love letter and he never wrote me back #fail :(
mummy is fixing remus(yes, haley and i named my laptop remus... lol)! but apparently the virus is very nasty. i hope remus is okay! :(
awww i'm sorry :( pretty bummed. not gonna be able to make it home for easter. shucks.
i have ice on it, but my arm is still throbbing/stinging :( now we cant find the thing to kill it!
oh true. i went to the mall thats it, didnt find what i was lookin for doe :(
i need an external hard drive :(
it's okay hun, don't be upset :( *hug*
artkrush: the hottest ladies in history of painting: #nsfw edition they forgot your painting i like. : (
hey maine tweeters... i've lost u in the hundreds of out of state tweeters :( i don't know how to ... fix this problem of mine. i miss ya :(
that app also requires tethered shooting to a laptop. no tethering on ipad :-( i can tether on netbook.
la laaaa :-* lmaooo twitpic? or do i have to wait ? :(
fluffy, i got muzzled yesterday and it's still locking me out :( can you ask the universe to follow this one?
:(
not cool :-(
allergies want to ruin my evening...zyrtec is not even working rite now :(
ohh havent done as much homework ... gonna start them my spring break is over :(
i knoww :( it so died .. someone get a doctor .
i'm feeling so bad for my poor husband who has already been working for 14 hours and still isn't done :(
*hugs* :(
aww girl :( next time we are both at the same show we should grab some sushi
i'm supposed to be making an apperance tonight but i reeaalllyyy dnt feel like it :( ugh!
bahaha! u2 blows nuts. sorry babe. hope it gets better. i have no cable, again. :( dl'n shows now, mariokart in the interim.
lmao if i get saved :/ :(
aw james blunt on quiznos. i swear i've only heard slow mellow sad songs. even the madonna song was a slow one :(
oops..my fault. i am now! shucks, i was trying to send you xxxx but you're not following me. :(
oh ok :( bed is so comfy though :)
lol ni yoo seee :(
gwounded :(
omg i'm so sorry :( i hope everything works out for you...
aww :( sucks. did you do anything fun?
just fucking burnt my pinky on my hairstraightner :(
i wish i had the money to go to vidcon. :( (@mmitchelldaviss live at )
i know! i was a little upset that pick me wasnt on it either! :(
i must be a big ol l7 cuz and heather didn't wanna come over my house :-(
lol hey, it's not my fault :( on a positive note, polar bears are leftys and who doesnt like polar bears?! ;)
habs outshot 14-3 in the third. that's not how you get it done :( #habs
the splash pad wasn't on :( we went to ceterra's candy factory and then miniature golf today! stuffington bear factory tmrw
my knee looks worse in person. :/ :(
just lost at musical chairs :(
im sad , igot family over there : (
only if gabby is busy :-(
my phone is been slow :(
i'm fail on photoshop :(
oh, now i'm jealous. :( thanks a lot geo! but ill buy it. i hafta! what is the cd booklet like?
that's awesome! i'm so jealous :(
9:30pm on a friday? #dontjudgeme but it's time to go to sleep :(
damn.... computer just died :(
iknoo im not going out til 2mm :(
yeah!!! :-(
i missed you too love! *hugs* i'm going to stay in and play my music and talk to my boo on the phone later. he's sick :-(
kara's goo hara never met her parents since debut :( #kpopfacts (via
and at the epicenter tonight, wish i could be there :(
someone give a shoutout/#ff, so we have more more followers there :(
olha o siteeeeeee :( (@thiagowmoreira live on
i cannot sleep :(
:( i have not.
found a dog , my dad is being a jerk . :( if anyone lost a white dog let me know .
i never qot a text from you :( .
hope to talk to you soon too! screw diff. timezones. :(
so guys going drop naruto shippuuden for real that sad new. just like db :( bye taka naruto snippuuden
wat about me???!!! :( i feeel so leftt outta da loop :(
i'm just missing my guy. and the guy who was always with me, ready to share anything. that sounds bad. maybe it is, idk :(
a sandwich with fried chicken patties at the bun available at kfc in 10 days. wtf? i might actually try it though :-(
that stinks :( but your profile pic is good!!
just came off cod :( missed me (#jazzmaneonustream live at )
i jus ate a whole basket of strawberried :-( ouch! [rubbin tummy]
looks like i'll have to go to work tomorrow either way.. ugh. its suppose to rain all day too.. arg, wasting a day :(
yeah but he aint a mc anyway he is sick though! twitter is dying :(
are you upset? whatsa matter? :(
oooo la laaaa :-* lmaooo twitpic? or do i have to wait ? :(
:( maybe i just need to eat something
bah. my family ravages u from the inside out and makes u feel ugly :( thanx jen.
thank you! im trying but im just idk :( in my feelings.
i didd!!! it was sooo goood! but i also cried :(
aww, won't be going to shem's party tom. sad. :(
if you wanna play the game, you gotta let the coach know :(
bloody king kong making me fall asleep earlier so i can't sleep now :-(
work early tomorrow :(
this girl off obt said i had no ass! :-( (tear).........lol!
lucky i want some :(
lol sad face :(
no :( he left it at home.
dr! it's trending :( where now?!
dude please! i wanted to come tonight but my friend cancelled last minute :(
dude jealous! i wanna go snowboarding toooo :(
chicas, me agarro depresion :(
so i'm stuck waiting for my taxes to be finished before i can pay my bill becuase cust svc never answers nor calls back? :(
aww i always feel sympathy for them :( new #mets post: cuts are coming
because im not in my house.. and i miss my mom hahaha! i dont know.. im just sad :(
im sowwie to hear that :(
psh , its bouta be breezy season anyways qurl out goes him & in comes another . yumm xd
awwuh :( . lol ! they talkin bout some girl wearin a diaper and drivin from texas to florida . it's hella weird but funnaayy ! lol
lakjshdnakj, eu ia amar :(
treated! and didn't you like bug me for 2 yrs for a mixtape?  :(
dangggg that's what i was gonna do tomorrow :( it's illegal to hunt camels in arizona. #omgfacts
:( byee ily too! <3333
haha srry i just got out of da shower :) 4 da 2 time :(
trying hard to not cry..make up was a pain in the ass to do :( rip nick ily
ugh a concert isn't that much fun when u don't know any of the songs :( i need to listen to trey songz more
n'aw, has gone nooow :(
it amazes me how ppl swear they hate u & say u aint ish, bt they constantly got ur name coming out their mouths! so sad :( smh
still wont matter :-(
i wish i was a lady :(
soalnya gw pngennya my world 2.0, bkn my worlds :(
i haven't spoken to my dumpling today :-(
no bed bath and beyond here in ireland! should've bought one when i lived in ny :( might order one online....dangerous!
i feel sad 4 trains. they can only go where tracks lead them. they can't go anywhere. :(
don't feel like going out tonight but i may be forced to :(
si, al parecer no más two and a half men con él :( es cierto lo de charlie sheen? :(
breast cancer sucks :-( #findacure
ugly :(
what wrong?? :(
would be having more fun if i had not broken out in hives last night. have no idea what is causing it. :-(
yes, very much. :(
but you're not right here when i'm colddd and it's cupcake weather :(
yesterday it got to 80and today it wad 70 i was so nice but it's going to get cold again :( and i have to questions about
if you miss 's tweets :(
still at the office and never wanted to go home more... :-(
i dont think people like unicorn penis :(
oh seriously? :( i believe it! so bad! :s
i had to meet with 2 chicks who took my ac. neither of them were murderers. or hot :(
small child has pink eye is las vegas :(
last li'l tokyo night with my roomie :( (@ little tokyo)
-starts to cry- c'mon, let's get you to bed. talullah: what about me? :( me: you can come with us.
my iphone isn't working at all. i am very upset :(
si :( he stabbed nick's face with a pen
aww no fair!! :( uhh *gets off you and start playing with your hair* ^-^
have you seen my cat? :(
haha, lol, thanks. its sooo boring! but, i just finished, now i have to cite everything :( daammnn, it never ends!
i'm sorry :( that's how it works with my dad to
i miss a lot of my old sioux falls christian friends :(
i found your 5 pounds. :(
till summer comes around kieth urban (: i love this song, it makes me so sad though :(
needs followers :( help ? anyone ?
i hate shaving cuts :(
lol! girl i was knocked out!!! i havent had much sleep this week... :(
