wal mart is my breeding ground. :( fml.
my feet are yelling at me :(
aish aish bagi raport :(
back from sps!! feeling tired :(
q:still no twitpic :( dang a:nope
mãe, tô com fomeeeeee :(
i'm said that i miss you speaking in detroit :( will you be coming back soon?
earthquake in dr. :(
i just ordered dominos, lol. i didn't eat all day either. :(
so you're the one who scared away :( missing his tweets...
the movie itself....eh. leaves something to be desired plot makes no sense, action is alright, cg is mostly ugly. i wanted to like this :(
i want to be your friend again sorry for turning against you :(
just used up the last of the white chocolate liqueur and can't remember all her exercises from physio :(
i happened to see a lot if people from home today.. ....not me :-(
blame fucking beau! he knocked it out of my hand :(
#goldenticketbuddy !!! i dont mean to beg :(
who's "their" ?? aw, thats not your fault, thats their fault! kalo inget kmrin gue kecewa bgt sm diri gue :( r
i know. i can't wait til ur back :(
nobody wants annn icon? :(
i look like i'm having a spasm in that picture :(
why do i feel like i wanna eat any food i see? :(
i knoww :( ive been good, except for the fact i havent talked with chu ;] you?
i miss tupac!!!! :( #imjustsayin
people on twitter *sigh* :(
ah its saturday! but oh! its working day today! :( i dont want to go!
ahh my dad has not :( yeaah my dad has paid the internet yeaaay! gonna be online in laptop soon :3
i didn't say anthing though i get to nervous on the phone :(
i want another dog too but noooo i can't get one :(
i *hate* our new ups delivery guy. i want our old one back. :(
i'm such a bad mood words can't even describe it.. :(
aku juga donk ka gracee followed:) follow back dong kak :(
owww :( its impossible to get burnt here. i'm okay, thanksss. :) just getting sleepy.
i know thats so disgusting. it's like saying a twinkie is nutritious cause of the cream filled center. :(
seriously? it was just a joke. man, that's not a really good joke with all the tragedies happening. :(
uh oh :( i hope she's ok
really need someone to cheer me up.. anyone?? :(
chill u cuffed lol ===> :(
like an hour ago i was attacked by a vampire. -frowns- :(
no remember me :( stupid fandango lied. off to redbox for movie night at my mom's!
wait, no, move it now! my friends can't get here :(
today ended up being really nice. i really miss though. its litterally killing me :(
rip dexter...you were the best foster kitten :( ** whaat dexter died? =o
hi lovely... it is sad. :( how r u?? i'm sooo sore from picking up the little/big cherubs all day yesterday & more of it today.
why so sad? :(
i am sorry i am sorry i was just playing with you :(
wat applebees u (via none :( the one on cascade is too packed...so we left
just feels so alone! bloody exes! :@ :( nice boy for once please!?!
i ate boring and soggy spaghetti with canned supermarket brand sauce. :(
yess ; deyy be da uqiiest ppl thiinkiinq dey poppiinq smh :(
fluffy, i got muzzled yesterday and it's still locking me out :( can you ask the universe to follow this one?
just did the 'think youre falling out of bed jump' :(
drove by frosty freeze and the line seemed a bit long. argh :( i wanted to go. tomoro? please please please! hah :) just want some ice cream
im already home :( :( get a ride!!!
yuuuusss! like i said, u owe us some amazing bubble bloopers, mr. neal.especially cuz u got us all excited bout mh&cm yesterday :(
hey sorry about the "your mom" reply a long time ago :( my cousin hacked my account... sorry!! :(
shelley...that just pitiful! i re-tweeted it too! :(
ughh sad :( i need a bf
:) well is there anything you would like to tlk about? btw if i dont reply it means my died :(
:( lol haha ok yeah i think so
i have cramps and don't feel like getting ready :( i just want curl up into a ball with a blanket over me. ha tmi
i'm going slightly insane. okay more than slightly. terrrrrible. :(
so im totally bored :(
hahaha pauli!!!!! i miss you so bad!!!!!!!! :(
