i'm starting to think the world is going to end! :( and i'm so scared!
work, work, work. this week i got 19 hours coming my way :) and :( at the same damn time.
thx lance. the boy's still outside with some kids from around here. wondering if he has home. younger i've seen w/out. :-(
waduh napa sih guw ketiduran mulu sedih deh :(
i'm the queen of muscle knots. ouch :(
should of went to the movies :( « agreed, but nobody to go with :(
i miss my holly already :(
nope...been working :(
ugh first of the month....nobody is in this piece! i could be chillin wit my boo :(
i would like a link!! i won't be listening cuz i gotta get up at 5:45 :(
because they like driving us crazy!! :(
i'm not gay :( xx
my belly still hurts :( dunno if ill make it on cam tonite
oh man... :( you should rest sis...
not at wondercon :(
oh dear ! tiny bit scary ! :-( !
this dude next to me probably thinks i got terrets or something! i cannot sit still! over her figeting and issh :(
:( want the rest of my chipotle burrito?
my wisdom tooth :(
i don't know them, but steve told me they lost the 2 yr old a couple of week ago :(
amazing din w/@drjack1310 & steph at revolution. venison carpaccio, rock shrimp noodle frittata & braised lamb shank. too dark for pics. :(
i miss you ! :(
ridiculous headache. :(
awww yea i can see how that would leave a lasting impression :(
grrarr i want one!! :( marvel sends letter to creators about apple ipad urging they stay positive
omg my cousin is a bitch, i'm 1of her bridesmaid she keeps changin da colour of da dress 4da bridesmaids grrr tangerine :( me?no fucking way
:( what are they doing?!
:(
was gonna stay with parents cuz they have a generator, but they're not using it :(
looking at atp ranking for the 1st time in forever, gilles is #24! gilles, my love *hugs* i hope he's all healed up :(
i don't think you can modify how you watch a comm. you just watch it. :(
#shoutout2dagirlz that wanna b like amber rose & cut all they hur off & be walkin round lookin like tha golden child :(
yewr crying too :'( i heard what it was about :(
to só com 3,336 followers profile posters que pouco :(
terrible. i've been waitng for you tweet a location..but you didn't : ( i tried to meet you! i'm still in nyc!
feels like it's gonna be akward. :( sigh . idk how to park for shit .... took me 5 min lol :( ..
yikes. :( what phone do you have?
i'm totally up for drinking tonight. unfortunately i'm 3 hours south of you right now :-(
my eyes are blood shot... sheesh, i'm so tired, could of gone to the movies tonight, but i feel terrible. :(
awwww :( sorry to hear that
and very stupidly lonely at 2:18am with no one to talk to about rolf harris, soaps or sing the bobby de niro song with :(
i need sex :-(
sms kamu kenapaaa? knp jup???? win.......... :(
#shoutout2dagirlz that wanna b like amber rose & cut all they hur off & be walkin round lookin like tha golden child :(
noo im all out of chocolate :(
why would you keep your puppy in the back of your truck when it's raining outside? that's just mean. poor puppy. :(
it's cool bbyg! an i can't i'm at my friends laying in bed on my itouch everyones asleep! :( sorryy xx
oh my goodness! that's so cool, but i lost my ipod a couple months ago :( i will spread the word though <3
can get coach sunday need 2go 2dads 1st so gotta leave earlier than if getting 2match! still trying 2work out how i can! :-(
:( i meant. :3
i went to the sm school of writing. next chapter picks up a week later. no, no, i'm kidding. don't hurt me :(
#imiss ... hey!!!! i dnt hav my phone boo.. i left it in ms yo :( o shoot boo :( ok no wonder :) ha!
:( damn! lol #zodiacfacts #pisces least compatible with: leo, libra
we miss you :(
this is really sad, but my first boyfriend on here died a few months ago in rl :(
yea :(
buhhh i want sushiii :( super jealous.
:( poor jeffey. we need to get rid of luke for him so he feels better.
new rule for me-no more jogging across a street while wearing pants that have gotten too big. i tripped on the hem and fell. badly. owie. :(
had the family over for good friday dinner.. mmmm so good yet so fattening :( -- :)
if anyone tweets me ill reply to you as soon as ive got the x-ray. ihate x-rays :(
waiting for the bus cuz i just missed it :( tania did my brows and nails tho. i had fun :)
traffic screwed my trip to dallas :(
missed my dad playing bass tonight. haven't seen him play in ages :( miss you
i really really wish we had a yogurt land here :(
the young dog next door is still barking. he's all alone with the lights off, windows open. :( #fb
hormonal bc also made a mess after my 1st, so we've been doing nfp since, and no whoopsies. shit, not even on purpose now! :(
im off this shit :( yall really pissed me off this time
my new followers must think i'm uber rude. i haven't said hello in a min! then again, ya'll ain't said hello either! o__o / :-(
idk any contest ideas?? sorry :(
really feeling for paul aka now. :(
this walmart doesn't have the camp rock kite i want :(
fuck that ! i still wanta see why i qet married too! lets stay n 2nte the clubs are so overrated (yeah rite all niqqas do is club) :-(
yall followers don't like yall .. lol > i know :(
gmorning tweeps! :(
finally get to sleep once adrenaline calms down. then what happens, yep. bobbie decides to wake up screeming and won't go back to sleep :-(
oh yes. :( she claims she hasn't seen her or heard her mentioned at school, but it's a little strange and sudden. :( :( :(
oh no :( i'm sorry your having a bad day.
no rides yet :-(
is back up and running phone wise... miss my lovely #samsung tho :(
:( i know
app sucks! boo :(
im having these chest pains again omg :( i gotta wait till tuesday for the doctersz ahhhh, i hate this pain with a passion!
just found out more friends of mine are moving to houston :( but looks like i might be visiting sometime soon. nudge nudge.
:-( i'm so excited i get to sleep in. haha
awh thanks for invite but i won't be in dub :(
idk what's wrong with her, seriously :( *hug*
gpp kok :(
tomorrow? i can't wait that long :(
:( *sighs* what did tback say about it?
#backintheday justin bieber would always give a #shoutout2dagirlz. i miss those days. :(
my parents are visiting. they went to bed at 8:15 tonight. they will wake me up at 6 a.m. :(
i reeeaaalllyyy want to follow me :( <3
just broke up with my boyfriend and i think im gonna cry. :(
i know! that is disgusting! poor thing :( and her finger! =o cmm is getting oold!
c'moon its not like i'm really in love with her, lik i do to you! more of, admire, adore :( (cont)
ooohhh :( i don't know you but him has love you for who you are in your self
beautiful morn bgins wth gathering 2gether {-ary&rado;fam :( } ...singin' &prayin;' menlo. it's been a (cont)
hahhaah. me too :( wtf wtf wtf lol
`waves`......i dont think you see me :(
my hot pocket is too soft :(
aweee :( i got the weekend off. verrrry excited
looool #dontkillme !!! #shoutout2dagirlz !!!! #bowwwsssyyy kmt aint seen em :-(
ouch! pls don't, just giv out love instead. i've spent the night with old friends & now feel v homesick :( xx
ahhh i'm sorry!!! that hasn't happened before and i've done a lot of em :(
craving some sushi. :(
clash of the titans was eh. it wasn't even eye candy for hot hot sex sam worthington :(
disappointing discovery of the day..... fireflies are ugly. :(
no twitter, my password was right. why make me change it? :(
how ya'll gonna go live w/o me being online :( im super upset!
i know, i hate to admit it :( lol
no! u've got bieneritus & hre i thoght u was just so cool :( <lmfao i just lk the song 1 time!! smh
im a tad bit t ired.. i just want two more followers :(
ouch! pls don't, just giv our love instead. i've spent the night with old friends & now feel v homesick :( xx
i miss my dog :( will i see him in heaven? there are animals in heaven. and they’re not fallen like we are....
i'm sooo ready to get the hell out of detroit. too bad i can't take my kitty back to owosso with me :(
every time i get a new follower i hope its but every time, im disapointed its not him :(
awww mary anne. i'm sorry pumpkin :( wanda's face is so puffy she could pass for a marshmallow.
im not ignoring u hun, im just a bit pissed off/sad :(
his last two home games, probably :(
lol.. mom won't let me buy that. unfortunately i had to settle for special k with the dried up strawberries. :(
:( just hangin' out ? what you doin' for easter allie? no i gotta work again early in the morning
ugh.! i cant stop sneezing && it really sucks :-(
but she was adopted by a white family i think!! there was 1 she was the youngest :( just noticed that i have
the break-up scene :(
i got no pets as im in student accomodation :( though uni is a farm + veterinary center + animal care center so meet loads!
my day has been terrible. i drove 2 hours to meet yall in nyc, but didn't :( i'm still here, where are ya!?
:( baby i miss you thoooooo , you're always going way ?
i actually don't know why uno lol<lmaooo i cnt hear from u again doe :( definatly dnt r8 me
i have a headace :( (via call up ya asprin (ya honey dip) lol
where are u?? > in the qc... & i bet you're not here :(
i don't know who to choose : (
thats not fair :( :( am jealous i wantttttt oneeeeee
actually just slept the day away... needed the rest, now a nigga bored... :( wana get dessert and c tyler perry
ok- gonna go for a bit to try to get some things accomplished... must turn off computer :(
