fluffy, i got muzzled yesterday and it's still locking me out :( can you ask the universe to follow this one?
i cant go...i have to take a shower at 10... :(
i'm cold :(
no bother. see u tomorrow, another year older! :(
i dont have a cam either :(
joy is gone :( can someone keep me company until she comes back?? i don't have anybody to talk to =(
1 more til 1,430...shoutout for shoutout? i've lost alot of followers today :( haha.
josh needs to be with hayley and not with jenna!!! :(
safe trip back to vegas. just got off the phone with jeanne. she's heading to the venetian...lucky girl :(
at long john silver...picking up good friday fish for my family. they don't separate fish from shellfish when cooking. dad has allergy. :(
#backintheday i'd drive away from a gas station if the gas was $1, now i'd kill to see that. :(
paramore we are broken #nowplaying é triste essa musica e linda :(
:( so tired weh weh
sorry to hear you're working so hard :( i understand, been working a lot myself lately. in the end it will all pay off though :)
roflmao!! i been arguing with daniel s for two days about this. i didn't believe it was a real account it. i cussed him out :(
still stomach crud? :( maybe you could go help her remove the lint from the dryer. sounds like a party.
they do..my head is still hurting && i took medz! :( i need some1 2 massage my head
*wondering* how you are doing? missing you :(
well it's bc he's on hiatus.. but really want him to be there. :(
i used to have 5 twitter besties, now i only have 2 :( & but i love these girls :) <3
i'm sorrrrryyyyy :-(
omg!! :( i want 1,000 followers! & what is the coolest thing? tell meeeee (:
didn't get to finish rest of my movie cuhs i had to go :( boohoo
no worries. tonight is proving not to be my night -- i had a change of plans :(
omgggggg today was sooooo funnnnn!!!!! thanx to everyone that came!!!!!!!! xxxxxxxxx -- the way no-one told me... :-(
wow. this would happen to me, my hair won't even dye cuz it's too dark. i'm hella upset =| fml.-- :(
its raining :(
needs to dm me my unfollowers :(
at colombo, bikin sim. no calo this time, now at the health check dept. ni kok gak jalan2 antriannya :(
so apparently, people want me to sing at my school's prom.... :/ but it's like $96! :( and ends at 1am. lol d:
now you see my frustration? :( i'm dming now.
*gently shoves neon* you don't want to enrage him further, neon. i think you should go. :(
you do have a point.rt i think mel needs to be with someone fun nathan is too boring as well :(
i miss holy week back home :( me too :(
yayaya i know if the real like that :(
sooo im reaaaaal upset i didnt get to see yesterday with . :(
freakin! he's dating a whore! i hate not having my phone. :( i never know anything
i hope it was only a joke ~ :(
first balcony grilling of the season this evening. it was steak from tops. (they were out of fava beans though :-(
sry erin :( pam just thought that was weird. she wants u to undo it...idk
aww :( get better sóon! cheryl had that right? xx
spending the day with even more epic than expected. forgot to get a picture with her though :(
whoa jus took mini me to her friend house for some sleep over and i got a wet kiss :( eeeewww she be thinkin its funny
hey girl!! i'm good, gettin ready for bed :( what are you up to?
*tear drops* i'm sad to say goodbye:'( luv all of u. i probly will loose u. bye :( u don't hav 2 #ff me any more b/c i hav a virus
going to bed. im not even tired cos im still working on american time :( but if i dont sleep now i'll be dead in dance tomorrow.
what sucks the most is that i followed them and they unfollow so now there followed and im not :( argggg
sorry!! :-( the thing is, i totally suck at video games. so bad. so i pretty much gave up trying.
i have a stomach ache, please go away :(
damn! i forgot! :( maybe the week after then?
well i love my n900 but i can't edit word, excell or power point, it's big and i can't create list of songs :(
fuck you three & your #backintheday quotes include yall & you never tweet bout me :(
nothingggggggg :(
and i'm sorry to hear she passed away :(
back in my prison :(
ugh i was want to go on msn but mariah wants to go on now : (
fluffy, i got muzzled yesterday and it's still locking me out :( can you ask the universe to follow this one?
what. goodbye sidekick, you used to be so good. :(
i love your name :(
& also you were supposed to call me when you got there! i specifically asked you to call me! you called mum :(
i'm watching the popodyssey tour dvd and i just want that back :(
just changed in front of me haha. she is also a bad influence cuz i bought a summer dress when i didn't wanna shop :(
ugh.. i want some orange juice right now! too bad im allergic to it! *cries* :(
ohh ok maybe thats where im gettin it from. lolz how u like it in fl...? when r u comin baccccc??? :-(
follow american idol cast-off didi benami who should've been in top 3 :(
aww the sylvester guy died from aids and he was only 41 :(
hangin in there watchin tv being lonely :(
aww missed shauns reply spree on myspace :(
noooooooooooooooo :( ill be in pittsburgh :( r u coming down ????
at the fair but they don't have elephant ears!! :(
now 976 followers 3 ppl unfollowed me :(
:( mink the number one star, amerks defeat hershey 3-1, adding and empty net goal late. (cont)
i miss today :( hope you sleep well <3
wennt ouut to eaat at thiss fish placee; had chikken thoughh lol. gonna watcch a moviee w//familyy. why areent yuu answerring me! uhhh :(
your mean :(
same here im good..you fake tried to curve me not too long ago :(
lmfao , what a dick . :(
change of plans..stayin in..@xx_yvette not feelin good :-(
i know i'm gonna mess up a tweet going from my phone..have no clue what i'm doing. :(
weekend yang selalu sendiri :(
eu queria ir :(
heyyyy yall shouldvve waited for meeeee---- i kno but u neva hit me back :(
hey i need at least 100 ppl to follow me :( cuz 61 doesn't cut it for me lol
anything i listen to these past hours is having the same effect on me regardless of what is is :-(
pq amor? :(
i came 5 minutes after :l i was so sad :( that sounded gas :l i would of been on the ground :l u dont even understand :l <33 xxx
ugh...hope ur evening gets better luv :(
totally bored :(
melisa wants some alcohol :( (#jazzmaneonustream live at )
haha sure! i wanna buy them :(
:)it's okay!i know :(
my nipples hurt :(
training hari terakhir (untuk training yg ini,senin ada lg training bct jgn sedih). mari mulai basic training service hari sabtu :( ini.
damn i guess everybody stayin in the crib 4 the nite :(
beach blvd can diaf. i hate that road :(
man on the run (nic chagall remix track 03 :( :( :( :( shit #asot450
i want tour dates now!! :( i miss you guys u.u
id kill for a ice cream sundae. birthday cake ice cream, fudge, whipped cream, nuts, and a cherry on top! but yeah diet wont allow that! :(
i know i never there for your bday :( ugh sucks
:(
i hate when people smell like cigarettes -yuck! :-(
patty looks like he misses his jumbo joe. :(
kind of afraid ur right about some of them....maybe more than i want 2 think :(
oh i been sick so i been back n forth to the hospital since yesterday :( but today was ok
my twitter's having problomz :(
too bad it wasn't neck massage night last night. woke up achey & sore, not well today at all. :( day of rest in...
i want to know how much txt i send/recieve each month :(
yea. its emabarrasing ! :( yes. me and badj :)
uqhh ! my phonee dntt wwork up here no serviice : no #blackberry shh ii miiqht as well #die noww :(
dammit. i meant to bring my work laptop home so i could gangbang #ticketbastard in the morning for #phish tickets. forgot it. :(
wow why is there soo many earthquakes!!! times like this i wish i had a boyfriend to comfort me :(
we should!! lol idk! :(
i know. :( mbh. stat.
another earthquake :( wepa dominican republic is a tt!!!!
that sounds amazing bb!! wish that could happen! :(
needs to dm me my unfollowers :(
:( haha yeah i'm just waiting for a honk outside now lol
lax? friday night? ouch. tgif! the weekend is here! time to celebrate! ..and get in the car ..and drive to lax... :( sadness
cancelled! :( going tomorrows!
i duno, hes been gone since i woke up, eep, :(
please care :(
a lil :-( thanx though
i really hate having my friends thinking i unfollowed them. :-(
you're not kidding... you poor thing!!! :(
looks like we will be staying another night in arizona america :(
ah udah dong --" bener bener salah tuh :( cieee cieee hahai wakakak (cont)
aah, acabou o funk :( (@fe_uk live on
... but i wouldn't call it 'beautiful'! there's lots to see & do, but it's not a nice-looking city : (
im glad are having a fun friday night w.o me :( *sigh*
im sure hearing voices isnt a good sign :(
my tooth is startinqq to hurt :(
g2g. pleeaase, follow!! :(
regular price... what a bummer :( (@ target bloomington penn ave)
nah a , grgr apo a mualny?rt mual a :( dk lmk nn ini knpaaaaa a?rt (cont)
i'm homie terica is in town............yay! but she aint tryin to kick it. nevermind :(
i hope so hhhmm,same like wat i did this morning...but mine,it was only a dream :( hope urs not:(rt she wakes
