decent. hung with my boyfrann. now at sucky work though, :(
prolly nxt week if the weather permits but might have to do it the week after cuz they talkin bout rain on sat :(
rob u look as if you're upset or sad in this picture :( i hope u are ok.
thats horrible! *frowns in disappointment* sadly i know how it feels :(
me the tope of the tower, up deh cold people, windy like wow, hence why i sick now :( lolol
i gotta vacuum my room tomorrow :( theres hair on the floor my mom said :(
good morning everybody!stay at home alone :( so boredd my dad n` mom siss go to temple ,hehe ---------[-o^]*
2 pints of guinness... and i had to leave, ughhhs... and many more ughhhs! i have to work in the morning, so i had to go home. :(
really whyy? :(
poppa t was here a while ago u missed him hun :(
i did but be bk often still got my homies lol. hey nesha girl!i bet it does. i heard u was leaving the h :(
yashin was shit. gotk was shit. they were excellent. but my friends got in a fight with other friends, and a nose got broken :(
can you give me a shoutie?? :(
he's a good leo! my future is a leo not cool :-( #zodiacfacts leo least compatible with: virgo,scorpio
mimpi buruk, gk bgus nyek tdur gw mlm ini :( : hi everyone! mowning. how's your sleep? mine is good. ☺
ohhhh shit, wait. an earthquake hit dominican republic??? :(
it's ridiculous. i hate guys. :(
wheres my bestie when i need her :(
ugh... i feeel powerless.. :(
heard from her? :(
ooohhh :( i don't know you but him has love you for who you are in your self
just lost the lining in my free yakpak bag too :( bummer!
2:19 in the morn now thats what i call comitment jokes ha, anyone wanna chat, im bored and cant sleep, i watched the ring 2 :(
ugh...no im not i left around 4 smh...... > omg... why? why? why? we always miss each other. tears* :(
my highlight is being on house-arrest n a strictly no twitter basis! oh, woe is me :(
you know you drive me crazy with this lip bitting... makes me want to nible on yours... please don't delay the rub!!! :(
:( my twitter iz messing up
twitter de backup do caso aconteça algo :(
went to the mall. forgot my phone at home :(
i hope so! online, they were sold out of covers when i placed my order--i ordered one but it won't ship till 4/15. :(
woah! another earthquake? when?!?!? sigh :( the world is sick
they did :( hopefully i can find some on sale! miss you! come visit us!!
oh and an earthquake of that magnitude :( my prayers are with dominican republic
wondering if she ever will have one in wwe :(
that sucks :( and is it not going to be released near you even on the 9th?
my dad rented these kidnap looking vans that holds 15 passangers! but no cup holders... or dvd player! :(
my parents took the internet off my phone. cool. no more twitter pictures. :(
#nowplaying the scene is dead;long live the scene :( gabe... :( :(
me i want to get to 2000 :(
lol
my sister just goes bash brooke then, i was like what?no :( find one for me
that's riigghhtt :( a piece of my heart is missing you left me with a wreck (cont)
omg! this crack head just told me to die :(
i feel so helpless.everyone's getting ready to go party,i'm stuck in bed in the hotel room.fuck you strep throat!viva las vegas?guess not :(
ughhh who u telling i miss those days too #memories :(
get the tissues for that story arc of clannad :(
i want a to :( but it's imposible
one thing after looking at the arena site they no longer have any cali teams wtf is up with that sabercats were the best :(
yay thank you sunshine! are you feeling better? :( aw i wish you were 100% better already i've missed you!
trying2 find honest person is like trying2 find a needle in a haystack these days :(
i love #carol from #wherethewildthingsare !! he's super super cute!! // agreed, he is my favourite. but the movie sucked :(
at events like this, i miss here with <<<awwww :-( i miss yall
:( elly~ my dad stole my laptop for the day!! :(
wish i was watching #whydidigetmarried2 :(
aw crud... it's been 5 days now and i still can't stand for more than 10 minutes :( how am i supposed to tend bar for 9 hours tomorrow???!!
3projects over the weekend :( tired.
argh, just smacked my ass fucking hard! it hurts :(
doh! can't get my portable drive to work off the pc :( need to get me a powered usb hub tomorrow :(
nahhh i'm not :( gutted, but i needed to book flights for ireland
anyone want to buy a $25 borders giftcard for $20? :( i want this out of my wallet. i can either ship it to email you the code.
ino tell me about it :(
i don't think it is :( i was at his only match in miami and he couldn't move at all. i thought he would retire :(
:( i didn't know you had skype girlie ! i just added you :)
i mish you :(
i guess i gotta find a new #futurehusband then!!! :(
sitting on my porchh ; were are all the stars ? :(
space mountain line is brutal :(
i need my chapsticks! like seriously!!!! :-(
welp she fell asleep guess we will watch the movie tomorrow : (
my stomach hurts sooo bad i feel like laying down and curling into a ball right where i am. which happens to be in the middle of a street :(
:( yes. early mornings all wknd. won't be able to get back to yoga til monday a.m. ...double :(
yea it sux that you are out there and i'm in here watching the game :(
y u sad why :(
i'm sorry to hear it. :( your grandmother's in a better place now.
ckckck ahh 3585 :( gw 3420 :(
i'm gonna miss everyone. :( hopefully the project i'm working on will push through!
