you remember how last night i put them in my trunk? i think i didn't close it right and someone just took them. :(
oooooops. i got it wrong, it's lolol. yeah, she left the wondergirls so that she could study *sobs* :(
padahal, yg ditinggal sdg pergi dg yg lain.. he3x *provokator mode: on* really i miss you.. :-(
sigh... :( will have to find some sort of treat that's both good for you and you like. how else can i spoil you w/gifts?
im at home ... some people too cool to kick it with me! :( *balled up in the corner* #crawfishtherapy
its so hottttt..... :(
:(
so at this church thing today i was told that we should be excited to die.... i'm not :(
i'd love one, but i haven't been to the island since 2003 :(
noooo, sayangnya bukan, i wish it is :(
me still in the office coosh :( busy end to the week
on a donut run 4 miss y'all ! we need to reunite :( lol
crabs?!?!1?!? i wanna go :( lol crabs on deck. bethesda crab house here we come. #soulworld let's go!
#jonasbrothers should be trending :(
i wonder if i ever cross your mind ?? :(
sinutab and i are lovers. i. feel. like. crap. :(
i havee no one to call mineee, :( besides he doesn't even notice me:/
oh no! i miss you :(
*hugs* its a bitch but such good quality :(
*giggle* yes i've only heard of a couple of hotels that have speed and iirc they're in the clt area :( hi kim <3
i want to be an elephant. :( #circusenvy
must watch bel,vlyn! baguusss bangeet2!:)seddih.rt ga nih bel :( ada exaam. padahal pengen the (cont)
we can't miss school so we won't be able to leave that early :(
q:what do you do when your having a bad day :( a:i go out and kill demons. or i listen to musi...
i kind of miss your tweets :(
it's ok, lots of homework :( hbu?
:( oh no
that sucks. :(
the last song such a good movie, but so depressing :(
oh i got to see the last song! i cried my eyes out tho :(
me too .. i'm not ready yet :(
mau nonton remember meeee :(
i emaile russell t. davies with a law-related story idea but he never responded :(
you'd think living in the same town as kate gosselin and taylor swift's home town would be interesting.....well, it's not. bahhh :(
.. getting ready for bed, work in the morning.. :(
i have to go :( you have fun and send lotsa drunken tweets and send me pics ;) lol. i kidding......no i'm not :-p
aww, sorry to hear that. :( that would be fine . we're here on twitter. for you. :)
no more hbk :(
i feel some pain :( fuckin stomach
am gonna spent the day with study physic, chemie, and math :(
i saw a dress made entirely of white duct tape with decorative roses made of blue duct tape. #norwescon didn't grab a photo. :(
finishin off this l before i go home and go to bed since i can't see my woman tonite :-(
this ride thingy is a mission for me :(
me 2, iv never been this sick :(
not ridiculous! i still am too. :(
mine has already started to peel...and it itches :(
although i should have known we couldn't go all the way...and did really need to see joey's wreck at dover again??? :(
sigh maybe i need u to rescue me i guess i gotta find a new #futurehusband then!!! :(
or had kids! those poor little mongrels :(
aww :( mines my right. is it swollen?
holyshitttt, this place is packed and i'm starving! it's 9pm and i still didn't have dinner. :(
hahahah
sorry i haven't been on anything coz a friend passed away :( lol awsome i saw you didn't have them on last night!
best but sadddest movie everrr. we all balllled our eyes out :(
it would appear i clecked the wrong button when voting for mr twitter yesterday. if you got a dm from me, apologies!! :(
:( come back!!!
all that's left is the wrapper of my california burrito... :(
ok, ok sorry! :( is because i love surprises xd and if i don't know what is i get mad.
well at least i got it right lol but no chocolate for me this time : ( #perfectharmony
kieen es esee? soy ignorante :(
me either :(
sucks that didn't de her on her birthday :( bummer
so first day of march break and i get a head cold. wonderful :(
witin on my brant brant to get downstairs!! she's goin home tonight, :(
more like i got woken up :( but my bed wasn't warm anyway so there were no objections. i need someone to cuddle up to at night
it will be chilly... but why not. only live once :-). how's your cold :-( sniff sniff hack hack snore zzzzzz
has informed me that i've consumed a floorpork chop : (
cherry morreu gente, :(
no not here on twitter. on my tumblr, the one that has the gold mac and iphone :(
that's not good :(
:( ily
hot chocolate sounds good.. but not as good as it sounds.. :(
ok! sorry! friends again :(
lol i know i made it uo myself! & :( that's why i have to give up on eyebrows.
hey girl he said no.... sorry :(
no one told me u guys were hanging out :(
#shoutout2dagirlz that wanna b like amber rose & cut all they hur off & be walkin round lookin like tha golden child :(
