twitfam, i'm a sellout, i ate chicken :( blame my mother, she bought it
bahahahaha! i wasn't online because if i go online on my phone it freezes :( hahaha. luuuccccky girlll. did you take pics?
sophia! what be wrong :(
missing someone is the most horrible feeling ever : (
owww i lost a follower....again :(
went barfly, wanted to go shakedown :( my bed will do i.guess, night
i'm uuuuuuuugly as fuuuuuuuuuck! but by traditional standards<aww don't say that :(
i do i swear! i just think i lose one and end up buying another..until i wake up one day with 7 metrocards :( fail.
that's because i'm not there :-(
:( we'll just do it in the month of april. it counts =d <333
home again mi ipod is gonna die :(
i am. but only to people who know the joke :(
need someone to text, i'm falling asleep :(
earliest night i've had in weeks! i miss shirley :(
nuh, they're making #genehunt seem like a baddy. :(
i got 3 small tiny dots of pizza stain on my white/pink raglan shirt. : (
and i'm not invited :-(
#kingkong poor kong :( somebody call peta on their asses!
haba, i tweet a lot at night...i cant do ur mirror at nite....oge knows i havent had the time :(
haha no one would want us :(
rip :-( john forsythe passed. he had such a great voice. i am sure he will still be able to tell the angels good morning :)
i'm tryin :( lol
haha nerd!!! jeeez thanks :( its ok.. i'm having a movie night with my sis ;)
matou o kurt :(
unfortunately most couples come like that :(
fuck you, cancer.. :(
walking into hollister :(
i wana like nicki minaj's new song, i really do ; it's just not catchy :(
: i should really start accounting. :( -_-
just gave me a ring and took it back! :(
my chicky is still sick :(
bye-bye hubby, see you later :(
aww.. :( but what if your tasty?
thanks to i am desperate need of a cupcake but have none in the house :( you cruel woman kaitlin lol
u said shoutout 4 shoutout and i gave u a shoutout (look ur & u didnt give 1 back :(
ite ri! omdz like when am i gonna see you? bare forgetting about me :(
what now?? :(
i hate that so much you feel like sucha loner lol :(
i apoligize :(
:(
just stayed up to watch the rock 100 with yes, i think we'll settle for 3rd and 1st! looked miserable though :(
the bubble tea place in the desert is closed....i am so bummed!!! :( missing bubble island like whoa.
i've got a headache... :(
my dream is for to follow and notice me! he got his dream, will mine ever come true i thunk not :( 28
i hate hearing them too, but everyone has one , at least one :(
so, i'm tryna get in contact with the bday girl. i'm late & i cnt make it 2 her bday dinner...i hope she knows i got her wen i see her :(
// :( :(
y r u pushing me away? u cursed me out in the morning, bbmed rude things now again :( :( not good oo.. beru olorun oo
noooooooooooooooooooooo i missed spongebob :(
pls #pray 4 sweet hound bella. very sick girl! :( pls rt!
lol story of my life my mates are off to the trey songz concert, i'm here doing research :(
lol and here i thought it was because you loved me :(
3 weeks?and it's extreme rules too *ugh* who knows what kinda bs they'll think off / #wewantfeudbackforreal :-( *fingers crossed*
well, returned the fridge and picked up the cat. i think that animal healthcare is valid after this vet bill :-(
noooo :( i must be the only one who doesnt like cherek haha :')
i just have the version with 3oh!3 :(
i love to cook but absolutely despise cleaning! anyone wanna come over n do my dishes? pretty please :( i hate dishes!
so steph cancelled on me! another lonely friday! :-( fck it, i'm bout 2 have my own private party! hey!!
wheres my loving from you :(
i wanted to go to six flags :-(
my dream is for to follow and notice me! he got his dream, will mine ever come true i thunk not :( 27
boooo ill miss you :(
i need another daddy-o cd. mines got messed up! :( its on ilovemybighomie.com and datpiff.com
no....i'm frank lero ;) mr.iero's profile is over its confusing :(
has just made me want tripple stuffed oreos from wallmart... i miss america :(
can't sleep :\ my heads thumping :(
i miss you! :(
pretty amazing time so far. i wish i had more time to shop and look around rather than staying indoors :(
you don't realize how dependent on computers you are until the entire work computer goes down and you revert to doing everything manually :(
oh, babe, i'm sorry. :( *hugstightly* i'm sure the one you need to get will come!
:( yah badan gue panas,please jangan sakit dong strid!!
high school :( all the things that we done wrong will be the coolest things in our life
awwwwww man s/o to that :(
can you all get me 34 more followers please :(
i wanna puppy so bad i could cry for it right now :(
yes i am listening i start crying over this thinking about how could they remove him totally from the playlist :(
yeahhh, im sure u do :( and i promisee i will never leavee u again !! i promisee <33 iloveyougirl! <3
really i think no one cares if i die or not ha i see how it is :( i think i'm having a heart attack
i wanna go out :(
i appreaciate you trying several times to get my b-day tweet from ddub for me but i don't know if it's gonna happen for me : (
lol i am going to try so hard to get to meet adam. i will be disappointed if i can't. i do not have connections, tho. :(
really wants to cuddle, chill & eat!! to bad my african is working :( #randomthought
ty is mad :(
sounds like we suffer from the same problem :(
#zodiacfacts a #sagittarius negative traits : tends to preach, uncommitted, hotheaded,indulgent,argumentative.- soo true :(
not gonna lie...i'm confused about it. :(
man where is my ace boon coon when u need her<lol i'm in the ville :( where tha hell u at?!
ah my phones caca, it froze :( i thought samsungs were the annoying phones that never break xp damnit!
son of a bitch!! i can't believe this happened. i lost the ear piece to my headphones... sometimes i feel like i can't win! :(
shit! :(
aain bee, vc que sumiu! :(
i actually believed some of the #smallville news posted which were actually an aprilsfool joke.. :(
....christ ill find out soon enough :(
omg, my tooth really hurts, cant wait til weds at dentist :(
i am annoyed :-(
...the reason i know how to do certain things is because i'm not scared to apply myself and learn. everybody is not like that. :(
don't 4get my glassses step :(
i know u wont notice to me cause i've notice to you so many times and u havent notice back to me :( please
i love itrt you're always angry!!! :(
just took a bath, for 2 hours, lol. got a headache, sore throat, my voice is going again and i have to go out tomorrow in the rain :( fml
i know, sucha beautiful day too :( rule ever since i can remember... no fun on good friday. wompwomp
i want to tweet off here alot more, but it feels strange only tweeting to 31 people also knowing that half of my twitter peeps are gone :(
i have to take my really shit camera to manchester tomorrow because my new one hasn't come yet. :(
tempted to go out in my trackies....i have no clothes :(
awww manson is going 2 be bummed :-( >>rt goin' back to cali...
me too!!!! i want one so bad :(
good friday. no meat! why didn't u remind me earlier! pray for me. we coulda done ceviche today. :( i miiiiisssss you!
hate what? :(
infected tonsils suck and so do guys :(
pretty much the same ass u but im tryna stuff my face sumore still hungry i got that #fatkiddisease :(
#isitjustme or do mexicans own love handles!! geezers.they b so bad built. sux :(
awh :( okay, tanner. your one of the sweetest guys ever. its very nice that you care.
really need someone to cheer me up.. anyone?? :(
have you heard anything from i might have missed it, but don't think she's tweeted since the car crashed :-(
came home to find an empty bag of jelly beans & a pink puke stain on the floor :(
you have?! i'm jealous :( x
don't rub it in :-(
no audio... :( go to katv-dot-com to watch tonight's gop senate debate live, right now!
what!? i'm not shady! u can come too!! :( anyways u have ur own bfast with him i wasnt invited! :( #potcallingkettleblack lol
eww look at this retard :( he's poopy
i wanna listen to she lookin for love but my bro here so i cant. :(
well guys... i have no internet atm so ima not gonna be on till tomorrow :( so goodnight, and i'll follow everbody back tomorrow. promise!
yes that's it its awful i'm so scared now.its what it looks like some sort of demented creature :-( xxxxxxxxxxxx
:( i have no plans for sat daytime so i may as well sleep it away =d u do what i do,say gudnite and carry on tweetin lol xo
too many duplicate tweets... sorry, have to unfollow. y'all clearly don't understand twitter :-(
crap..pylint phails for py3 :(
me too... :( next time jasmin <
wish i had went out tonight now :( haha
jst seein ur tweet.....i slept lke a baby mehn bt i'm up olready :( nd i wish i was a nerd lool...bt naah mehn..lol
will u carry my baby :( ill have her i jus don't wanna carry! lol.
said he needs to work on himself. :( it is rough. he was the same way: defensive, took everything i said personally :(
i jus looked up and saw one big round pink thing :(< lmaooooo!!!! she hurt my heart :(
yea :(
i know lol! it will unfortunately still be seen :-(
oh yeah :(
like, i'm not even mad i'm just baffled. how the hell you create a lucrative & entire persona w/ a whole ..realistic feel to it? :(
t.t bro took over my comp. he's so mean. i need to work on drawings and he's being so rude to me. what happened to respect your elders? :(
you're right thats sad :( lol
o yea & need numbers again kuz i lost all of that lol :(
totally and completely lost nathans bag. think it fell out of the car onto the road and got pinched by someone :(
a night of entertainment benefiting the betty ferguson foundation and special needs dance. i wish i was going! :(
