i didn't get any new followers today ....does that makes me unkool :(
im very good thanks. very tired but i cant go to sleep because my friend wont let me :( hes evil lol! what you up to? :) x
:( but i'm gana loose all of u!!!!!:( i luv u guyz!!!!:{ *more tears!*
i missed that foolishness :-( i just wanna let everyone know had on some of the (cont)
feeling like crap. i don't know what crap exactly feels like but i'm pretty sure i'm in that category. :(
just had a funny skype convo with my kash looooool.the way he fell asleeeep ahahahaha... i shud print screen this looool :( whos next?
the trending topics right now are really depressing. i wish you had to be 18 and pass an iq test to have twitter :(
aiiiyyy yai yai!! don't cry :( wipe them tears and walk away.
itt suckss :(
starting to hunger once again. send me your prayers :(
studying :-( what's everyone doing tonight??
haha download from there la. i dont have the originals la :( got any latest ones ar? i want to post ;p
i just wanna see hot tub time machine free :(
jonathan cook lied to me...he said last summer they were coming back in fall and they still havent came back :(
sad indeed :( if it is any consolation, i don't have applecare either. if mine breaks i'll just buy a new one
heeh t_t lg ngerasa gini ya tet? :( he doesn't even know what i feel..
lazy bonessss long weekend of work ahead of me, like usual :(
i don't smell like you anymore. :(
mine too :( it's linked to myspace now im mad imeem dont work no mo' that was my shit.
why!? :(
that wasnt cool : (
:( i'm sorry to hear that... just tired?
me too!....i wish i was with yall :-(
oh...u didn't help me out tho :(
i miss you fave :(
i missed my 6,000th tweet this morning :(
awh, i miss our bestfrannd. :(
we're too late now.. :-(
is hating right now :(
momma blogger i know you have become attached to it but pls lose the christmas hat ....its frightening the easter bunny :( lol
:(
i'm the barber shop« by my way ? :( -- uh huh you not here !
lol. those are my siblings not urs!! lol. aww i'm gonna miss you. we never did do lunch like u promised! :(
melisa wants alcohol :( (#jazzmaneonustream live at )
what to do now? i can't go back to sleep..... :(
wow that video of shinee replay remake! ima favourite! haha. the girl in the bed is so pretty :(
omfg vix & sofia are my favorite company for bikinis! soo hot haha that's where my cash goes. :( time for new ones! :)
you still in vegas?!!?! how rude! :( but yea its cold here!
geof shin :( ulangan apa? pada sibuk buat contekan
:( i am disappoint. :|
im a tidy person, never lost anything, but this... this had to be the first :(
im such a bad aunt to addison. :( i was cuttin her toenails and cut her whole toenail off. poor piggie. :( she's so squarmy.
really? o.o! i want to see it hahaha :(
i never told u by colbie caillat is sad :(
coz is at the mall and i'm not :( why no pinkberry??????
aww shman ii dont have a #blackberry :-(
i miss you so :( sz
we were at hospital again on tuesday..... surgeon said give it two years to get better :(
so me & my boyfriend's sign are least compatible :(
omg i can't believe you would even suggest getting the same phone as me. i'm like livid right now seriously. gosh :(
shouldn't have charged my phone. shouldn't have missed out on you :(
no one is aim'nq mee :-( some body hitt mah aim ( beautiful1lissa )
next two people to follow will get ten shoutouts !! :( go go go
pusing ah, tiap ditinggal psti sakit :(
aww we miss ya too man we'll make it out to a show eventually! moneys just super tight right now. i'm workin on gettin a job :(
youtube is broken. :(
said in 5 min but tht never happend lol :( i had to stay there long enuff to get a pic but i cudnt :(((
aww, anya :( #degrassi << that other girl is better looking and bracesless though lolz
man i did not get it! :( i gave u a coin code free!!!
nothing.. bri's tired :( but we're trying to figure out what we're doing tomorrow night. you?
im not even lying...that ice cream was the bomb and starting monday i need to hit that gym extra hard :(
why not? :-(
i think i'm gonna be sick. no no no nooooooo! :(
haha we are gonna search for a board with a raven graphic. i need purple grip tape :(
just wake up hoaaaaaamh still feel sleepy guys :(
i was, then i started the physics homework. i'd recommend starting early, it's not easy stuff :(
sorry u didnt guys didnt win. we tried really hard and spent our whole good friday voting. :( have fun blues..
:-( someone snaked me lol
nooo... my earphones broke :( time for a new pair......again.
get ready for work!! :(
just woke up.very cold :( hello saturday♥
i really miss you too baby :*:* kmaren ketemunya bntr bgt :( km cepetan smbuh yaaa :*:*:*
i miss tweeting my #mjfam. i've been super busy all day. :( i love you.
sorry to hear that kate, that's awful. my condolences. :(
done ranting. how is everyone? still have no comp so dms or txt directly if you have my # #doriisbored :(
unfollow :(
i pinched a nerve in my neck last night! and as a result of only being able to hold my head in a certain way, i pinched another nerve! :(
i might move to the other side of the usa..... :( imma miss harlem
okayyy!! aww you got bronchitus? :( xxx
got airdrop-ng to run but it's not kicking people :(
:( aww dont be down, atleast one person shown up which was me.
waiting for tara 2 get ready. then going to amy & jon's for our last night here. leaving tomorrow 2 go back home :( im gonna miss orlando <3
twitter wont let me change my picture :(
lol you guys need b reminding me. i enjoyed my smeked tutkey and chicken :( (cont)
gosh some people can be soo mean! :(
sigh, i think i have to make things right again :(
i already requested :-(
i don't remember if anybody else was on it :(
projectile vomiting is officially the least fun thing i've ever done... today's been a really bad day. :( #tmi #suckstobeme
please make the pain go away :-(
mee too, lmao im over here like i remember that part smh they fell off theface of the earth tho smhhhhh :(
have you heard of the moon wraith audio book? a cross over would be cool, if panda wasn't so teritorial :(
o_0
:( well if you ever wanna talk or anything i'm here ^^
just watched last weeks spartacus myself :-( i knew it would happen eventually but i thought second season
two friends of mine have hung themselves, it's so awful :-(
so ready for today 2 be over! yeah, it was one of those days. :-(
wants to watch a movie and cuddle :(
i miss you already. :( haha have one for me tonight! :)
q:u have a gf again dylan!?!? :( a:no i have a boyfriend :o
omg. i'm dreading our new bid come may 2nd. i'm gonna end up with the shittiest days off :(
hervey bay, queensland mobile phone reception is usually pretty bad, but lately, it's terrible. hard to chat to family there :( poo poo!
:( we need to help jeff get over that dick. he deserves better than that.
my phone is broke :-(
..with heavy hearts we announce demise of , it wd be greatly missed :(
joycey i miss having you here at #mfharapan :(
autumn's off to go on a plane to england. i already miss her and she just left the house. :(
she asked me why i smoke so much..... :(
same man :( noo its lettin me oan evry site apart fae ustream :@ !
i wonder if is having computer problems again? i don't think she's been on for a few days :-(
my eyes are sore. i miss her too much. :( someone shoot me? for reals..
its sad how im not actually with my chinky friends tho... :(
kara's goo hara never met her parents since debut :( #kpopfacts (via
heyyy yew didn't say hi to meh today :(
upside of my topamax keeps away migraines! :) downside of my topamax food has absolutely no taste! :(
gah... that means more work and stress. i am sorry! :( then i hope you have a good holiday wknd!
sounds like the previous owner screwed up and you get to pay the price! that sucks! :(
i saw! hehe .. and i'm trynna go see the same thing.. and roar there's no where to park :(
i want to go on an egg hunt :(
oh man, that sucks. sorry to hear that :(
omg! i wnt pepper soup wiv catfish in it... kai, hate wen crave 4 sumftin i cant get... :(
sadly leaving florida tomorrow . . . dont wanna go back to school on monday :(
aww sweetheart :( make a change if that will make you happy x
i'm still up haha cany get to sleep at all :( how're youuuu?
lmaoo i dontt likee to gett beat up :( & cantt fight lmao
missed the soundcheck and meet n greet :( plus were all the way in the back of the line doors open at 7!
so...my car isn't going to be written off :(
no one is aim'nq mee :-( some body hitt mah aim ( beautiful1lissa )---> he23strong
today, im a lonely loner. :-(
wine and pizza tonight. yum! gotta wash the dishes. wish i had a maid to do them for me. :-(
akibat grey goose... oh tongseng wagyu ku :(
i want to eat doughnut!!:(*me 2 *wat do we do? :(
missing someone... so much :-(
ugh....twitter on my phone is being lame and my head hurts :(
girl i know how that can be. been there before. :-(
argh, forgot my wallet at work. double commute day. :(
but i cant hang out w/you :( lonely tonight and have to work early am :(
