sorry :( frisbee and football in the park all day with torn up knee to prove it!
omw 2 long beach to see my granny ... haven't seen her in a while since i'm always working :( ... i miss her
awww :( we miss u on site :( tried doing that, but it didn't seem to work. :(
at band practice. :(
this could be my la tweet in a while. :(
my poor nail :(
crap. so sad. :( it would be a good way to employ older unemployed ppl, i think, though... #foodrevolution
grrgrrrgrrr bye laptop for a while :(
oh, so sorry :( i remember typing your id in through...
i would donate but all i have is a visa card..sorry :(
aww why you ojsreject :(
why?? :o :(
benetton betty...boys night out means this grls stayin in :-( lol its all good though
knee pain :( couldn't even do my yoga poses properly. so disappointed with myself!
ooohh yea! lol idk about the ranch tho :(
im starting to think i really really am the bad guy i dnt get no love fa real #heartbroken scrappys i dnt even get no more sieh sieh sieh :(
lol you could also be at rockwood! sorry :(
i do. :* but i don't know how to make it work. :(
liessssssssss... you are bout to get drunk... and do some wild stuff.. and forget bout me :(
awww sorry to hear about ur "grand" person passing :( will u get a new assignment now?
mas eu tava falando do "you've been a very bad girl, a very, very, bad, bad girl gaga" mimimi :(
why tempt me so? i beat it though. probably good decision but not the decision i really wanted to make. :(
meanie ! :(
hey !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!can you answer me please :(
none... other than boozle.. two shows are just out of my reach :(
i agree!!! about what u said of jazmine villegas! i really hate her! what she had to kissed him!!! :(
are you kidding?? that makes me so sad! :(
i never see and anymore on twitter. i miss them :(
i'm mad at myself because i have two months to choose a career in science in college and i have no idea what to do :(
brp bulan yur sdh? eleeeee kok pcak yurs? mual a :( dk lmk nn ini knpaaaaa a?rt muntah :(
u gonna go still? i dnt think ima go. :( not in da mood no more..i'm not too sure
snaaap, i go bed at 11 and then im awake at 1 and dont go sleep til 5 :( « hate it!
cried like a baby watching the last song :(
hot chocolate sounds good.. but not as good as it sounds.. :( hot chocolate sounds good.. but...
watching alex play me soco songs and other covers while i lay in bed. msn is a wonderful thing, distance is not :(
its back to the cold ice war marc :(
it's a lonely, lonely newsroom tonight. i'm all alone at work since i'm the newsroom orphan. : (
成間酒店得 lobby 座 building 有 wifi, 而且 upload 極慢, 上唔到相上 twitpic :(
baby where are you?have you met tina? you miss karoeking to old love songs etc with us.it was a blast!wish u were there :(
i love the tens machine! it's shocking to me your back is so out of alignment, it makes sense, but my goodness! :-(
extraño twittear de mi cel... :(
no :( bt i really want to. haha
and 2 days before that show i had a friend kill themself. when i told jonathan cook that he looked like he wanted to cry :(
where's my link for the paintshop? :(
cayang galak dehuhu knp cayang uh uh rt: gpp knp?rt: :(
wats in the mind ?? down down down :(
how :(
owe he's not an aries. :(
i am so sorry to hear about caresse henry :( xoxo <3
oh no, 8.0 magnitude earthquake in dominican republic. this is beyond frightening :-(
we talked about this! you cannot leave me :(
:( oh right, well present it then if you want
i think u should come out and chat at that time cuz ill be at work and can't listen :( pplleaasse!? :) miss yah xoxo
ew :( that sucks. do you have a rash? once i had an allergic reaction to pennicilin and had a rash all over my body.
thinkin about it but don't have no 1 to go wit :-(
that's unfortunate. i was hoping it would be warmer there now. :(
not such a great way to end the week :(
chips and spinach dip at movie tavern wasn't very good, i'm still starving! :(
i need to buy a new aa hoodie, i spilt rum on mine! :(
so many good movies on hbo today. too bad i've got a bajillion things to do. :( body of lies is on next!
amor eu te indiquei, me indica tb :(
y yo ? :(
i feel like i haven't seen you in foreverrrr :(
welcome to #failville. population: you. i'm not there flaked! :(
: not only is twitter dry, but my lips are too :( | lmfaoooooo [lmfaoooooooo]
but i cant jerk as good as sooo poo. :(
:-( i eat soup most days cos it's easier... do i get a pass?
how about me ? :(
nope =) i'm not lame :-( am i?
so... mona may just be the best gspot vibe every. and the wevibe? i dunno, man. i think we fuck too vigorously for it to work. :(
i thought u fixed it already :-(
nooo :(
i can do 3/4 of it but i forget how to get the top face :(
about to leave nyc :( that's really sad. well it was so much fun!
i have like legit 10 mosquito bites from standing outside talking last night. :(
one teeny tiny slice a bun mi allowed to have dis weekend. :-(
mmm i already miss u :( let's do something sooooon ?
i wish i was there too :(
i have a new name!---> i'm sad.....i loved your shiftywooten name. :( lol
that's my life now with lohan :(
:(
umm because i went to the movies by myself & shoppinq but i couldnt find anythinq qirly :(
ayo semua baca ini deh! sedih, merinding bacanya, terharuuuuuuu :(
that was my favourite shit back in senior year, too. i had a hella collage and wish i still had pictures :(
got sneezed almost every morning :(
ok, babies in bed. who knows if they will fall asleep any time soon :-/ meanwhile, guess i'll do some dumb chores :(
we all hate you kim.... you are booted out the dc :( you left us hanging tonight!
hahaha :( mannn ur really rubbin it in! lol
yeah, it's 2:40am :o not cool! i'm still vewy sleepy :(
ah i wish! my mom said no! :( so sad!!! i wish i did!!!! i want another hug!!!
these radio djs are too predictable :(
low battery! i can see my charger bt cnt be asked to get out of bed :(
how could we handle em :( how could they survive how could they be still exist and how c
my head hurts :(
but i care :( don't actually give a fuck. call me selfish, but i'm more worried about my own fucking problems than yours.
...(sigh) ..my head is killin me : (
i'm sorry you didn't get it. i know how much you were looking forward to it. :(
feeling really, rather lonely right now. :(
i think it was bc little korean kids were getting yelled at. it made me feel like a helpless kid again. i need a hug. :(
and my long drive home begins :-( *you work late?*
wish i was coming to see & meet you at pure manchester next friday but it's over 18's only :( have a great time though :) x
aww. :( i hope you feel better soon, girl. <33
why the hell you think of me & :(
kykny bronkitis gw makin parah :(
wish my friends would answer my calls. makes me feel sad and lonely :(
angel 0:)
right now!? :(
just confirming that u aren't coming tonight :(
no you said you couldn't go this year <no who knows oct is a ways away just keep me in the loop :(
sama2 mba :)) wahhh. good luck yahh mba :)) aku jga nanti harus buat dissertation utk project ku :( hrus 60muka surat mba :(
what's your last name combined with skintone.your value comes to decision. not a shade of white? sucks man! :(
yeah wish you were coming. :(
sorry folks, gamestop got wise to that code. : (
just got yelled at for trying to take a late night jog :(
im freakin bored :(
awwwwwww rest in peace michael jackson :(
missin :( , so off to ustream i go :) ...
pleasee just say hi to me or gimme a shoutout! prove me that you read my tweet :(
it's ridiculous i'm not gonna get anything out of it :(
first it took me months for to follow me, now its gonna take months for him to reply me! :(
omg this tea is awful :(
no, afraid not. i'm listening from home :(
i've decided mileage doesn't matter this week. especially as i'm drinking wine, and am having toenail issues :(
awww.. i kno i miss my friend :(
what's up havnt talked to u :(
sad i will be at work and not 's bday dinner at .. :( see you after!!
:(
nao.. sdihudshisduhsduh eu to na praia :(
naaw i know :( haha love you sarah :)
told ya i need my breakfast. slow ang panda pag gutom. :(
whats that supposed to mean? im using twitter as a cry for help. im bored and lonely :(
*deep breath* ok, packing & tom petty... that makes it a pinch better... almost everything is going home tomorrow. i'm here until monday :(
nevermind. no one is retweeting. :( and someone else is doing it now. ughh
morning, bad day :(
only cool people is anyone left in tuscaloosa?? :( <<<im guessing you're still here :)
how come gaganews doesn't work on my blackberry :( ?!
