earthquake in dr. :(
super jealous! i haven't seen him since august 2008, and it's looking like i won't get to see him again until august 2010 :(
wats there to think bout, i'm hungry u got cake why don't u share?? :-(
i'm back home now :(
i want tour dates now!! :( i miss you guys u.u
lmaaao wellll if ya wana come overr sleepovver since i won't see you tommorow :(
damn i'm 28 :( no chance then huh? lmao
snoqualmie pass is so not fun right now. :(
anyone wanna keep me company? i thought i was gonna hurl but i didn't and now i don't wanna sleep incase i hurl while i'm asleep :(
i am going to miss it sadly...gotta be up early for work. :( i know you are gonna kill it!! xo
my baby doesn't want to be rocked to sleep anymore...makes me so sad :( hoping it's a phase & we can rock again soon!! #favoritepartoftheday
yes! it's the histamine thing working it's magic :(
uhuk uhuk,bad cough :(
no i only follow people i know, sorry! :(
stuffy nose is the worst. :( (awww..i just got ova my sickness everyone is getting sick..smh)
lemme add to the bitchfest-i just saw a pic of my asshole ex hub on facebook as one of my contacts. :-(
in other news this tranny is gonna have a headache from hell tomorrow. no mucinex for tonight! :(
#nowplaying aaliyah one in a million i miss her :(
im so sad right now i hate this :(
i dont get time a half! lol so it wasnt that good :(
i'm hungry :( again :( we start our workout next week. nobody thinks i'm serious.
why wont you follow me, :(
we don't talk no more :(
aww dont say that kinda stuff about urself! :(
dont be mad..but im not goin tomorrow :(
#nowplayin twerk dat a**... #drunk thinkin bout and cus they missing« :(
same shit 2 just layin low tonight already drank last night :-( jus layin low tonite w (cont)
i've fronted twice on with jaygees :(
err ... zero replies and it sucks :(
i miss you. :(
:( i just saw the strike i got so sad
ok that's fine :(
yeah i miss you thoo .. :( werd
libur 3 harii membuat sayaa byasaa ajaa ... :(
is at potatoe creek park. enjoying jelly beans, big franks, and good conversation. too bad we have to go back north soon. :(
:( earthquakes scare me!
until my sexxy maid kobe washes it :( haha
wish i wasn't gay :-(
getting ready 2gooo! :(
has eaten way way too much wagyu beef tonight .. it's not right that there's still lots left :(
please. don't do this. :(
susah bgt man :( adooh ngeselin haha whatthehell.haha teeotnetnotteotnetnetteotn
where has been all day? :(
:( i understand. try and enjoy some time off though.. dont let those people ruin it for you!
i cut my foot on an open can of corn that i threw away (random i know) i had to get stitches :(
i wish i was with watching right now :(
forgot to say goodnight, i'm sorry! :-( took the evening off work but still can't stop buzzing mind
so far all this easter chocolate is making me feel sick :(
i wish i was going to blockheads :(
put my song up !! :(
susah nye kalau ade yg moody dlm group members ni :(
:( lol bowling is so much fun lol
i know lee it is one of those fuckin days grrr : (
awh! :( earthquake in dominican replublic !?! magnitude of 8.0 :| ???
just broke the heel on the only pair of shoes that don't hurt me to wear to work. :-( shoe shoppng isn't as fun when you're on a super ...
lost another follower :(
dammit i'm writing a paper. i can't go :(
i dropped my bbq corn :(
oh :( i'm sad because im trying to get smells like teen spirit on the guitar since 2 hours ago, and i can't take it anymore
im upset that everyone wants help, but no one helps me! :( suckers <3
ya i to hmm a little bit bored :(
and if i weren't sick, i'd be feeling #leftout on the weekend outings... :(
