i want starbucks<3 ... i need to ask my mom for my puppy :(
email is sent, hope you understand what i was saying, my computer crashed and i had to re-write it :( but your story was good!
:( i'm sorry next time we'll all go!
i cannot believe i missed tonite in tampa!! i am seriously bummed :(
#gemini---i am king lol #zodiacfacts gemini least compatible with: scorpio,capricorn :-(
ini tweet ke 5 om #kudapitbull 20 mei hari kebangkitan nasional :) i want the ticket please :(
i think i got flu :(
i miss you, i miss your kiss on my lips, your touch on my skin, your breath on my neck, and your voice sings to my ears . :(
:( i hate you .
editing the videos boring part :(
kykne jak ulang biin nyaaakk.. ;)rt yaa mungkin wat mreka.. aku ga,, coz i throw up huks :( (cont)
today started out to be such a good day too :(
could someone give me a shout out?! i only 68 followers :( i'll give you a shout out too!!! xd lots of love!
sepá eu to com sono :(
soooo drained...and still not done for the day. guess i won't be getting any sleep tonight :-(
well okay. haha so what's going on with u? we used to talk like every day. :(
lonna, i am so sorry, i really am.. :(
omg r u serious! hookah without me! :-( i don't know who u r anymore
miss you so much, wish you were here :(
ya regresate morelos sucks this vacations! really :( cero actitud there!!!!!!!!!!
i have 16 hours in a car tomorrow. i'm dreading it. :(
awww saw my exs little sis at my work as im picking up my final paycheck. time flies she looks so old :(
byeeeeeeeeee!!!! :(
cant eat and have a feeling sleep aint going to happen either...i miss him :(
holy cow. that is way cute. if only i could afford coach, dammit. :(
no :(
whereeee the bluddi hells swindon haah . orr i wish i was out now :( . can't sleep !x
kaayy... so let me say this one more time ..... i hate you! ..... what ever you said to him made him change :(
lol.... but do u need a phone number cuz my mom has one... but i she took away my cell!!! :(
windy in freo. no beach today : (
nooo im allergic to them. :( just foxy
i give up. will never follow me. :(
why nobody never shows me nomoree love ? :(
me gustaria que me diera follow back :(
i would actually share these with everyone i don't like peanut butter in my chocolate :( lolol #perfectharmony
:( jacko keep hang out at nite.smoking.n never rest ur body.that's a perfect element to make a simple cough into a bronchitis
its ok my step dad tlked my aunt and my mom out of taking me to the emergency room :(
i couldnt findd yhuu bestiee :(
-frowns and sits next to you and holds talullah- how about sleeping? :(
headache!!! :(
why i keep loosing followers? it's so sad :(
stroll team i'll kill u! my thighs hurt :( u guys have thighs of steel :o
facebook is too boring :(
my lil cuz gave me a flower earlier and i put it in my hair but now its dead :( lol
i fucked up :( matter fake thinking about all the shit n u told me all the time 2 leave n maybe its time im 20 time 2 go grow up :( sorry
back to the shitty mood :(
i dont think you'll recognise me :( i'm new lol x (#jazzmaneonustream live at )
damn its my bday n guess where im at in the h0usewhere ive been all day w0w n0 friends t0 just c0me 0n lets g0 have s0me drinks :(
:( i wish i saw this 18 minutes ago when you sent it i was right be your house. now i'm the crib :(
so austin makes me happy. i was depressed but not anymore. but my tummy hurts :(
gg tau deh jan , aduhhh :( follow back ya
i've pushed myself too much on this project.. now i'm just exhausted and cranky :(
:( if you can find someone to take you to the er (if needed) 2mro night, maybe you can avoid work issues.
and if i weren't sick, i'd be feeling #leftout on the weekend outings... :( *squish squish*
whats wrong :( if you need to talk im here <3
sorry to hear about your friend :-(
orange soda is not the greatest thing in the world :( gross
wishes i was home for easter :(
black eyes hurt :(
so bored watching tv... :(
what's wrong? :(
