i woke up with a small cut inside my lower left eyelid. it hurts blinking :(
lucky! i really want to watch that movie. i havent had the chance to watch it yet :(
re-admitted to beaumonts brian unit :-/ i was doing so well too :(
show me some love salt lake city :(
i'm cold :(
kayanya hari ini cuma dirumah doang :(
lebron better not be hurt! :(
and the braves losing 7-1 is not helping :-(
i guess sammy p is mad me. :( have to find her later.
yeah :(
just got my ass kicked by mother nature :(
whts up boooo :). how's life. i miss highschool :(
exactly :(
:( lol haha i bet you would lol haha ok i love ya too lol
haven't been onn in forever :( busy busy busy me. plus random ddrama with someone has got me pissed, soo yeap.
wish u were at the movies wit us! :( u neva spend any time with me :'( #extremelysadtweet
lmfaoo lovin the web sitee !! bieber or die lol . .. but i cant watch the video :( idk why ..
crap does that mean no contact with you till you get back? : ( what aboout text from phone?
all the movies r sold out :(
i'm glad you think so!!! every guy i talk to that watches that show doesn't think anything of her b/c of lana and lois. :(
we dyed easter eggs today because my brother wont be here for easter :(
i'm hungry :( again :( we start our workout next week. nobody thinks i'm serious.
umm tuesday when we get back :(
lost 2 followers :( i hate it cause i followw everyone back.
i miss you chubby cheeks :(
mariah's having a spaz attack. bye for now twitter : (
kevinnn we love you we don't want that you leave the band, because we love you :( think this before to do it. i love u soo much!
{thanks, i hope so too :-( } oh no :( hope u feel better
my thumb is hurttttiiiiing. :(
:( i chacha'd and kgb'd and never got an answer
that's because golf is boring. the only exciting thing that's ever happened in golf was tiger cheating on his wife. :(
well that's done :(
maaan...where is still aint chill wit him all day :(
i miss my ex bestie lydia montgomery :(
the problem with b.buster is that it's owned by scientolgists and they edit all their movies :( that store sucks balls btw
to everybody i worked with at cg, i apologize. i now deeply understand why you turned in stuff late. :(
yepp i hate it with a passion :(
[xxhalleyrockzxx tweets ] i wish i was smart :(
lol i don't remember too. so, how's you break?! it's going by waaayy too fast! :(
lost 2 followers :( i hate it cause i followw everyone back.
i am ashamed in myself :(
my place no wifi :(
just gettin off of work now i am bout to sit in traaffic for like 2 hours :(
oh great.. its saturday and i'm workin.. wow :(
no, another friend. :(
so that workout i did yesterday deff wasn't a (april fools) joke and apparently niether are these results! my damn body hurts! :(
iyaa, abis mles sihhhh :(
i am not good at self-photography :(
om gue menang dong. ha gue pengen bgt. please please please :( 20 mei om.....!
what web is the best and most reliable source of full text translations. i am finding a hard time, searching for it, :(
grrr. jealous! i wish i have my spring break back. :(
aw! please follow she fainted at your concert :( she's so lovely to follow.
i'm feeling sick too!! so we in this together gurl! :(
i totally would except that i just got back to my parents' house and they're 40 minutes north of sudbury! :-(
never respect it, never care bout me, is that? yes :(
and u told me to text u and i did like 5 times :(
i went last night at 12 :( sorry<---donkey hole move!!! soooo disappointed
no because it keeps making me press cancel everytime i click on it :(
boooo i wanna see 2 :(
i dont know what to do for my birthday :(
i miss dave chappelle show =( i miss making the band :(
my sister told me my girlfriend was too cute to which my dad said all girls are too cute for me. :(
miss you so much, wish you were here :(
are you ok? :( i'm sorry about whatever happened :/
shoulda never fucked with the gay ritas, i would never go there its too over rated and i'm sorry :(
god i miss chicago #fb // me too : (
oh ok. :( how are you?? :)
i feel so lonely. :(
i'm supposed to be goin to the movies tonight and i'm on antibiotics so i can't drink :-(
thats not fair :( mines been this way for 3 days!!! :(
damn this is my first tweet in like 5 months, haha i'm so not cool : (
hes at work :(
i wanna whyl out so hard tonight but my tummy hasn't stopped hurting since 6pm : (
im completely in love with jedward its unreal :o i really wanna meet them again but i doubt it will happen :( love yous so much<3
but that's like my favorite song :(
about to watch the exorcist! :(
i wish fridays had m&cs :(
*sighs* it's officially time to by a new charger for the mac book :(
:( #viernessantodechelas
black out in medina lake, cannot watch my spurs beat the magic :-(
cause people like to take the piss like that :(
could be on a ghost tour of the old city jail right now.. but i'm in florence. boo. :(
he died??? my first time back home since my dog died :-( i miss bear
you are. i can't even stand tvd, poor guy. :( lol.
i'm sorry. :( i hate seeing you upset. don't worry.. he's heading home soon. idk when though.
that's cuz i'm on. he never follows or tweets when i'm on. :-( rt@rocksiclelover you didn't follow anyone today, did you?
so itunes have been adding files for the bout 10 mins... :(
well, that's gonna ruin everything for a while. :(
haha i know :( lmao mad place called dunelm mill haha i get to sell cushions :(
:( lol haha ok good but i really would lol
omg!! no!! lol we'll never be able to hang :(
ugh. just realized the spring anime season started recently. i'm like three weeks behind on cartoons. :( #ihavetroublewithpriorities
ok well thx for telling me :(
i need a massage :( jeff doesn't like to give me massages-lol i kept moaning ian wouldn't take me serious.
:( lame!
sorry pey... but i am too :(
yeah but it doesnt matter how close i am to them i will never meet them. :(
kinda wanna go out :(
ewww....so not funny... :-(
at work :-(
i have hairs like that too :(
times like these are why i'm looking into the lapband surgery. i'm friggin embarrassed right now. :-(
i thought you were coming up for the game? :(
oh hell no. these guys scare me :(
i have, no help at all! :( this is killing me, i can't even become a fan of a page! aksjfhajdhladlajkda;jd;ad;l fsjdfnhldsjfs
omg i am so fucking bored :( lol
i had to texted everyone that my phone call. :-( cannot wait to tomorrow. i'm getting a new phone.
hahaha!!! can't see vid cause i'm on phone :-(
dannn!i try everytime ur on to get u to follow me. pleasee!! :( screamed ur name at popcon..but u ddnt hear.. maybe u can follow?
i got out too late :( hope it was fun!
im dying for taylor nation to begin. it says in march, but :(
lmfao noooooooo :( never.. but ur dogs could def teach the cat a lesson
drive sober and carry a license... :(
oh, i'm sorry dear. that was not my intention. but reality, especially fashion reality, sometimes hurts. :(
just got through seattle . . . now to the oh-so-snowy pass :-(
i get jealous of people who get to see their boos every day, every other day.... :( (me 2!!!!)
omg, i'm sorry :( <3 you!
awww u sick? :( did u see the last song? :)
and i were just talking about we miss you :(
you said you were gonna follow people who was watching ustream last night? you not following me :(
ya, i realized that, just i tried to tune in :(
me neither and it seems like my prospect wont kome thru :(
sounds so fun... i never got to ski this winter :(
i'm sooooo upset right now! about to cryyyy :( can someone please try to cheer me up?!
awwwwww :( poor baby run to the apple store :/
i miss making the band :(
:( same here.
i kinda like the old icon... :(
aww :( what's wrong?
i wanna cuddle with kyle :(
get up bron...u can do it :(
my feet hurt. :(
