getting cooped up at home :( wala ng magawa.
fckin suck azz. dwag im so mad at u rite na :(
whatching 2012. i dont wanna die :(
4th dimensional girl i hope you are fine today :(
r yall replacin meee :(
but i'm at the crib n yall not tlkn bout playin tho lol
ew im a loser i type in caps :(
no luck with the phone sitch. :( going to dinner with my parents.
i'm beyond tiredd :(
tlc doang yg disapa :( pagii... tlc..ers (mski cm br2)rt morning ......rt gud morning everyone
i'd be more than happy if i have a reason other than this stupid insomnia for not being able to sleep on any day... :(
damn, i wish i had seen this earlier. i could have met you guys on the way home from work. :(
exactly 2 weeks left... :-(
walkin' around cumby's. waiting for dustin to be done with woooork. i miss already! :(
my friend's mom fucking threw a fit and made us come home two days ago :(
sorry! i hope you didn't think i was ignoring you, my phone broke! i've missed talking to you, and i ate the lollipops :(
no car? :-( me and sum of the angels wanna drink......
awhhhh boo :( keep trying though love maybe youll get lucky!!
this is pretty fucked up. get well artie. damn this is disturbing. :( /via
its weird not having any guest now... it make the house so boring and lonely :( going to miss kris, val and the kids!!
oh. sick. and without a working tv to play vidya games on. :(
its the worst :( im sorry you feel that way :/
thumbs down :(
but then the scum are still in 1st. must admit, i'm fearing for arsenal going forward. you have no players left! :(
michael vick killed a dog. :(
oh wait, i did it? lmfao im an idiot :(
i feel so misunderstood! i love all jews boy, girl, transgendered. i love jews and jewish culture. it's not a fetish. : (
ugh! me too! it was so much fun! our freestyle's #nshit whts up boooo :). how's life. i miss highschool :(
today have been great :) now it must come to an end :( gosh darnit!!!
not yet :( i got busy, but i am going to start again in a bit
lmfao yyy! i didn't do nuttin :-( i so hate righ now
i don't feel like getting out of bed and off to work. feels like i didn't have a proper sleep, again :(
oooooo... sounds painful :-(
finally leaving work....been here since 9am :(
vía republic dominic es treding tópic terremoto :(
used to tweet a whole lot more than he does now. :(
boo, i have to go out to the pharmacy to pick up my meds :(
morning! i want the photobook badly :(
haha, awww. nah, probably be all stale by the time it arrived :(
awww sis, i'm sorry u have to watch it on corny lebron owned espn :(
seriously we all do!!! i miss tupac!!!! :( #imjustsayin
ohno :( chilly.
i just give up on people. fuck everyone -_- you're the only real friend i have and i only get to see you a few times a year :(
my thumb hurts :(
ah my mom doesn't hav a credit card :(
i don't meet the standards of this world chasing after boys isn't my thing see i'm waiting for a wedding ring ♫ :(
yum! have yet to try :( we have a special vegan curry today! served with a tasty baguette!
bloomin' lights got tripped so i had to go down into the cellar armed with a torch. 1/2 down the stairs blair witch popped into my head! :(
haha nope i ran over my texts and minutes.....again lol. and you should it is amazing, funny and sad :( lol xxxxxxx
haha no i have to see it lol haha yeah :( well i gotta go hasta la bye bye lol love ya peace out! :)
saturn visit yh? lool where's my space cakeee? u dnt me :(
rubbing it in my face :( wow!!! never in my life have i seen a line this big for any event. hello new york city!
hiii! um, not completely :( maybe just for tonight or so idk i'll have to figure it out
oh i do. snuggle up hunny bun. hope your feet are warm aaargh no, they're not :(
wish i could be going on a rollercoaster :(
i know right. it's like, dude you better be going crazy. hahahaha. ha. :(
i need help :(
seriously id give it to u for free. maybe a lapdance ;) regular plain vente coffee.... $3.45 <<< without a lap dance! wtf :(
btw, the game i just tweeted about? goes on amazon for 85 clams. :(
i miss you all too :( i just was fb stalking the 5th ave page lol and missed choir but thats nothing new lol
iconceited<3 in the dorm chilling the weekend didnt go as planned. ugh idk whats up with 'em :-(
boo. i was holding the 24th. :( i won't be in town on the 18th.
& really? awesome i still wish i was there! :(
enjoy your shift! :( xx
if you would of invited me we would of been watching the movie : i invited u u dork lol. i'm mad u :(
bed, missing my love :( [i love you shawn & braylon, yame<3]
wow first goodfriday service i missed in like 10 yrs. feel out of touch :-(
no, i cant... you're jus a baby :( lmao!
#ff the youngstown fam ... i gets no love :(
this is so #ghetto...i love it!!!! lol man i miss my #hood :(
yess i doooo :-(
masa tgk paranormal activity (y) we go shopping laa next week ! :(
my wire failed me :( back to my story about food tampering...
sorry gonna miss the circus. :( #emergency
i am sooiooo bored i wanna be out tonite :(
in need of something to do : (
who keeps unfollowing me? :(
noooooooooo. tweet defense erased my game that i had 1,500,000 points in :-( it froze and erased it ;_;
okay so and cause they was the only 2 i didn't see today while i was in bk . sorry quys :(
i'm up too early.. :(
trynna upload a pic.. it's not working though :(
i wanna go home :(
ready for bed, enjoyed my day off & not wanting to go back tomorow :(
and all are super expensive . :-(
worst migraine of my life rite now :( green tea time, of course i get the sickies rite before disneyland times.
cry when dies :(
jealous of right now :(
aw! i'm so sorry mish. :(
i'm dancin tonight :( but ill forsure be there for bday!! count me in!! with cupcakes!!!
kk sibuk ngurus duit bazar . pusyiiiing :( pngn plg!inguh . kk lg dmn ?rt knp (cont)
i'm not any of those... so i guess we're getting a twivorce hubby :(
the guidelines are nutty & detrimental to good nutrition. add that w education budget issues & it looks dire :(
if we get 2 is it split shipping? or is shipping just double :(
grem told me if i dont catch the flowers he wont marry me :(
if he won't chelle will
also i really wanna see my favorite texas/florida boy...too bad that's never gonna happen. boo long distance :(
drop and give me 50 < but i don't wanna :(
i really miss tweets to me. :(
awuh i lost a follower :( dnt unfollow me please
sorry baby! i slept damn early ytd, so didn't check my twitter. i texted you alr, waiting for your reply. hope you're fine :(
ralat slasa deh bwa'y .hhe ..lp g snen u pd lbur :(
i wish i had room on my walls for more posterssssss. av3!;8]*,!\£\€. :(
n@frassington thanks. my sushi meal is ruined. :(
i'm sorry :( i thought u were still in hun? are u goin to the party??
oh dang. i thought it was the opposite. i'm sorry, honey :-(
i'm going to bed soon, abit upset and hoping that joe comes to london after tour :( x
ohhhh shoot was that you lol sorry i was fixing a cake didnt get to phone will listen to message sorry :-(
im bored too :(
then i guess you have more freedom. i live in a sheltered cave of boringness........... :(
why did you say so? :(
i lova the song " we'll be a dream " is amazing ! , i loved ! gosh, you never answer me ! :(
you can't leave meee :(
i read that climategate article in nyt. it was shoved on page, like, a10 & not reported anywhere else... :(
:( lol haha me too lol well i gotta go :( ttyl love ya peace out brotha! :)
i want an ipad :(
why cant you talk to me about things? :(
wow. i'm definetly sick. something is wrong with me. :-(
lol you can eat just no chicken or meat :( i'm sad
i wish i was going to 's concert tonight :( i was going to but then tickets were sold out :(
almpst all my booze buzz is gone :( but comfy seats. i doubt this will trump muse tho.
thx..i did have someone once tell me i shouldn't come on twitter on sat arvos while y'all are drinking and watching :( #sgu
rofl. so you really didn't mean that tweet! :( lmao how rude! jk
q:i wish you can come visit me! :( a:i will be in florida oneday
i think one of my good guy friends is mad at me. :(
uh-oh my tummy is upset :-( << pregnant? seems a little early 4 symptoms :[
recently re-watched all of #trueblood in anticipation of s3. not a good idea, my addiction has returned i can't wait until june 13! :-(
i was looking at my stomche this morning and i gota start going to the gym i have like a tiny jelly belly haha :(
your welcomee :(
:( distract yourself in there as much as you like <3
for some reason i don't think he's coming south..maybe as far as md or va...no further south...not sure why though :(
kaylaaaa, i think kaicee missplaced your adress. :( >.<, can you facebook me it? i miss you and im so sorry again, loveyou. ♥
that makes me really sad :(
it's heartbreaking to think of how many people have lost everything...i wish there was a way for me to help once i get home :-(
i'm at an old ppl bar. now the men with wedding rings on are asking how old i am :(
it's only 9:47 & i think i'm fading. partly due to how cold the basement is. my fingers are numb. i can't edit pics like this :-(
i'm getting frustrated... where are you :(
