garden umbrella is nowhere to be found :( i think magpies have snealed it for shade !
its bad i had to set it up on texting cuz when i'm on the phone i can't go to my ubertwitter app :(
but it was in jest! in jest! :(
im offically a red head :-( im rock the curly natural bush so i guess you can call me carrot top lol <-- wtf
after prom i am dying my hair really red. the other color has already faded :(
i miss having boiled eggs and soldiers for breakfast with jessica :(
i'm upset, when you block then unblock it doesn't sever the tie anymore :(
ohh boo i was going to
be in the city by 12ish and go to madam toussads to see wax rob! and i was hoping to see u :(
yeah, still stuck on logo :( itunes wont recognize it now. its weird, i just unplugged it from laptop & it suddenly went to logo
i can't believe ub has really wrapped. :( wishing you the best on your next show!
its not available at any best buy near me :( what is this???
lol. i'm watching it alone :-(
hey! i wasd switching between phones and probably missed it. :(
looks like i'm in for tonight sucks not having a boo :( at times like this
why are you trying to starve yourself!!?? your hot as you are :( don't become rachel zoe skinny!! please!!
looking at my pics and they have the time on them idk how to take it off since there not on the camara anymore :(
thank you and for letting me know you went to eat qdoba! dude? :( tay starves..bad franz!
#infolimit sama kak limit! dong. ya allah tolong :(
the day is finally over. company after company stopping in. siding going to take 5 more days :( sure, why not g'night xo
you left? :( how come?
i've been really bad about wearing my glasses lately. i can see well without them, i just get lazy. put them on tonight & felt nauseous. :(
duh..itu pst krn jatoh kmrn ty :( i can't see to the right normally :((
no hate. :( :( :( i'm deleting it soon.
don' hurtem sis .........wish i was there!! :( hey are you coming with 2 memphis on the 18th?
magic beans to treat eczema and asthma in a child, too :( glad hain's son is well now, but these can be serious
next yall her me say i'm quitting my big girl job..please stop me! crying now cuz i was so stupid and quit : (
loool i wasn't tho :-d !! it seemed like it :(
can i survive in this relationship?i think no :(
im not allowed on because my aunt went on the youtube homepage & her comp got a virus& the comp sed its bcoming really common :(
mcdonalds hurt my tummy! :(
i dont want claudia to get marriedd :( but then i do bcusz i'm happy for my sis.
haha idol rnb week was awesome.too bad didi's out :(
i gotta wait til nxt weekend 2 c it :-( this movie is too much! tyler perry did it wit dis movie! good stuff! good stuff!
i realized that i need to tweet more often. sorry twitter :( i'll keep you posted. how's everyone tonight? :)
back home... that 14 hour drive was wayyy too much :(
my day was not so great cause i didnt get a tweet or a follow from you guys :(
we actually used to have jellyfish when i was really little. someone gave them to us. but we didn't know what to feed them, so they died. :(
i just realized ur not following me :(
i hate this day!!! :(
fone is completely broken so dont bother texting :-( #saucewear
guess what guys... wheresbob is being mean and he said he likes to be mean to us... :(
i wish i had somebody to chew this l wit me!!!!! :-( #teamlonelystoner tonight fuck it!
sex talk & baby talk??? that's my fave kind!!! :(
sounds like a plan, wish i could chill : (
a beer pong friend fell off his 5th story balcony and died. i feel so out of place right now. :(
really sad now boo is mad at me :( off this
semalem gue mimpiin adit loh huhu i miss him :(
this makes 2 things i rely on that have broken under 10.6.3 :(
just checked their ms. sadly was not that impressed. :-( are there better trax 2 hear?
really? 2 people had to go unfollow :( why? didnt you see how happy i was? please follow
sunny?! :( its sooo cold here
im sooo sorry to hear about ur loss! you & your family are in my thoughts and prayers! take care gf!!! ive been down that road :(
yes i know, jujur, aku khilaf ngetweet kayak gt tadi. emosi pol aku :(
wish i was :( have fun!
i'm good today. spent the day w/ my bff & her family. had her father-in-law's funeral today. wish i had more time w/ them :(
had the same problem. the miralax helped. so sad to see them suffer w/ constipation! :(
ok, you win. :( "never make a temporary situation a lifetime decision" ~@1topnotchjazzi /via
it's so hurt :(
kind of bummed my vacation is almost over. all i have left is this weekend. :( i wish i could be on vacation forever sometimes...
omg, everyone is leaving for ottawa tmw, im gunna be all alone! fml :(
whatcha eatin!!!! hungry too :( sooo lonely :-( lol
why am i so socially awkward :(
out the door my head hurts though :-(
aww! wall-e wants to be loved. :(
me too! i'm late to the party :( was cooking & cleaning #madchocrocks
still not sleepy :( gotta be up in like 5 hours
:( tonight sucks. damn me and only being 17. ugh.
#dontyouwish #gsw was fun <--i really do :( oh well, we bout to dip up outa here
gave my brother my first class dance ticket, so now im not going :(
cant we go laser tagging next week? :(
has just fought with and lost in #mobsterworld i just got my azz spanked! :(
its too early for mee my eyes arnt awake erghh :(
whaaaa. not cool :(
twitter you crafty devil. please let me tweet from my phone again :(
i haven't smoked all day :( i ran out
grading on a friday night is becoming way too much of a regular occurrence these days :(
my body hurts :(
aww couldnt go to the fair today :( .. it was raining...
don't be a backyard breeder :(
. . . but . . he's your plan b. :(
i honestly think the last song was amasing i loved it even t hough it was sooo sad :( (l)
work time :(
going out where? :-(
she follows a friend of mine but not me :( awhh mann.
own q dó de mim :(
:-(
this is not helping my mood. damn you followers :(
haha, so long as someone is making someone lunch! i had to go to the bakery and get my own. :(
switched fones & dnt dwnld it yet yuh dash me off ah bbm :-(
what happened? u ok? people who hit n run are whack! :(
currently exactly where i want to be... i am going to be soooo sad when nath moves :(
:( i haven't been to the movies n soo long kause thts date type shit :( me too :/ (cont)
oh, i'm definitely in for the night. already took the drugs i don't drive after taking. :(
i feel the body aches after ytd run, this means i should run more :( anw, off for easter drama perf & there's macs breakfast waiting for me!
nah, sorry :( it may have to do with licencing with the movie studios. thats just an educated guess, however ^jm
of all the cancelled tv shows, i think i miss "terminator: the sarah connor chronicles" the most... :(
100% relaxed! she goes under the knife tom and although its a completely routine surgery(spay), i am terrified! :(
tut u dude lol with all the following n u not followin me :( ...hows u been? :)
i think it's pathetic idk what it's about :( what's it about??
:( sorry to hear that...
just made dinner...and i am eating all alone...why do i feel like this is my future..soooo sad! :-(
ppl its still me i just changed my name! i use to be now i'm so please stop unfollowing me :(
feeling a bit down :(
slowly getting my followers backk :) il follow yal asap im on my fone so i cant atm :( x
he is the sweetest child, honestly. he's really really taken it badly. not a happy camper tonight. : (
wow. jeez. :( im sorry im not home yet to be there for you. love you. xoxo
i miss u 2. :( me abandonou legal :(
i'm so freakin' bored :(
i know :( im happy with all the replies i got, but its like i probably wont get anymore because he has over 12,000followers now
ughh...people are doing shots downstairs and i wish i was there :( reminders of last good friday!
wish i did an angry pirate now :(
heyyyy. lmao ure tweet that said i love bud made makenzie cry...her fave horse was bud but then he died :(
just seriously look how sad gir is if seddie dosent happen :(
o que eu faço hein? qual codec resolve? :(
oh sorrie :( in that case do u like muffins? xd
shoulder is killing me again :(
is feeling really weak :(
-on there,so i have2wait a week&a half... i want2get on the bookface,but it never works4me... :( only tad can beat the devil!
i'm such a perv! :(
good morning!!! 3 hours of sleep is not enough man srsly!!! :(
i think i may check on my sims now. i've been so worried about them :( if something's actually wrong, i hope it's just the one lot.
mom.. come home please .. :(
i'm feeling the same thing with u ham... :(
yuck, don't pierce the tongue :(
i want coconut chhicken soup from shady's :(
omg i hate boobs, hardly none of my tops fit me propley now without being uncomfortable or making me look like a hooker :( haha!
i'm getting braces on this friday :(
i come bk to la and everyone is away or w/ family.. makes u miss da fam and when they talk about easter plans and i can't b there.. : (
sorry ! i'm so blanked out right now :( & myspace died ! a long time ago rip .
lol . that sounds like way to much energy :( wheres it at the mall ?
get him out of my head, pleaseee....... stop think bout him η let it go..... it makes me sick :(
:( well hopefully you get an abortion soon.
i feel very tired and exhausted and sleepy and i have a headache! :( :( i need a drink lmao i kid i kid!!... hm maybe i do? lol
aw boo :(
wants windows 7 :(
