haha; thanks sis swear this nameplate is like 8yrs old. ima get another1 made. & my wknd is #dead :( you?
my baby :( i want him sooo bad..
please...come home. :(
rest in paradise baby kaylaa<3 i miss u soo muchh ! : (
i frm australia. how abt u gal. cool, i wish i can watch #newmoon too.. still waiting 4 my dvd :-(
what happened? : (
sigh no :( stop like really
but i was forced to change it :(
ugh you guys, i should be en route to melbourne now, not sitting on the tarmac. stupid delays. :(
thank you for the shout out. i but it was too long so ihad to drop ur name :( so i say now ur the best!
don't do it! :(
awww poor thing :( hehe me to >.<
i know, i just want the madness to stop :(
awwh that sucks :( it was sunny and hott it was beautiful :)
i wish i could help you :(
does it ever get nonlinear?nevermind don't tell me and shatter my hopes :(
why do we seem so awkward now? i wanna go back to how we used to be! :(
hey rozz ;) i hitt up kiki to chill she neva wrote bak :( lol u wanna chill? nd we can drag her too. y'all always busy 4 hp
been a while since i had a friday off.sucks, that it came when money low. :( kinda puzzled as to what to do. lol
ra fouled out! :( it's tie game again... :(
awww i wish we could tooo :(
yeah really? if i could, i would do it :( sekarang nyubit nya :( truss mauny??
i'm a little sad you don't have a stop in seattle on your tour :( #seattlelovesjordintoo
i hope so too! it was sad. :(
luckkkyy :( she's amazingg <indeed she is!
i think i want to sleep early tonight. :(
wow...nice pic! they've grown since the last time i saw them. sorry i missed you too :( come again soon.
and we cry and cry and cry nd cry when shawn left :( i miss u hbk
can we please get some more realistic looking swimsuit models? they make me want to wear a potato sack as a swimsuit :( stupid hips.
you did it wrong. :(
everyone still sleep and im hungry. almost 11 and i been up since 8a :( jed and fabie almost here, i cant wait!
melinda boyce no tiene twitter? :( </3
i just do :(
with my gal and guy pal seeing shutter island! i wanted to see why did i get married is sold out.. :(
and 6 hours later we get to dallas :(
omgggggg i got a ticket. i'm scared to tell my mama :(
my family is torturing me. won't let me drive bc my license was stolen! i don't phsyically have one, but i am a licensed driver! :(
sleeps for losers! stay up till sunrise, its awesome. would not reccomend chatroulette to pass the time though, scared 4 life :(
i call dibs on your financial assets. :(
aww the white house butler died at 90 yrs old made it through 8 presidents :( sukkishh
why do girls have to go through the pain? my belly canes so badly :(
oh dear i didnt know that they are thinking of cancelling #damages :(
enaknya bisa diperhatiin m pacar :( smile.. =) wear-ing white t-shirt.. =( i don't wanna cry-ing again..
a yuh yuh! i getta see fletcher hurt :(
just having a bad bad bad day. sorry to hear about your toy. :(
i didn't get to go to the movies with the girls :(
shush!! you know i miss you more!!!!!!!!! <3 i wanna come over tomorrow but my mom doesn't wanna drive over there :(
i need a ride now :(
home alone tonight :( this really sucks.
im kinda in love with how i never hear from you anymore :(
...i dont know anything ! at all :( and i wanna learn lol
i hope you find your kitten soon! :(
but i'm a princess! & i'm sleepy :(
i'm home chillin nobody is around tonight :( so its tv time
whoa awsome quiz was awsome i got to go cus my parents told me to get off my phone :-(
i'm in california. :( record it for me?
i feel so violated! this bitch just stook her fingers in the hole of my jeans!!! :(
today has been so boring :(
so mean. that's the worst chat roulette ive ever seen and i've seen a looooot of bad ones :(
i really wish i would have given that pretty boy my number :( i'm saddd. ugh
i miss you :(
on my way home now... juss dropped my other half home : (
omg my dog chewed up my charger ! :(
hehe i was behind you on the freeway :) but i had to veer off and go to work :( next time :)
is not following me! why? :(
why do i always break things! ugh :(
i completely forgot how awesome #heavymetal nights are. but also how manky metal boys are :( dj was a hottie though. good night all in all.
haha u a mess mane! my friend wants to go to rayfords...but i don't have anything to wear :(
next time yall her me say i'm quitting my big girl job..please stop me! crying now cuz i was so stupid and quit : (
heyyy stranger :(
:( boooo! that really brought me down. excited to see you though!
i miss you immensely. <-- omg!!!! i miss u stupendously darling.. :( i can't wait 2 see ur beautiful face..
in a relationship with martin johnson. no he's too old for me :( married with justin bieber. ah no he's gay, engaged with (y)
:-(. yes. too bad.... :( :(
: damn you've got to be pretty damn high right now... but why would you x bd w/ anything? it's perfect just the way it is... :(
i always try to not make it seem like that :( but hes a freak.
cepet sembuh ya sayang morning. i'm totally sick :(
my tummy hurts and i'm hungry :( eating some home made pizza in a while, then medicine and to bed.
i dont know, i think she sniffed that i was a human, but im a demigoddess, wizard,vampire and half of human. im srry. :(
ohh sby sedang main golf toh di pd indah, pantesan 3/4 parkiran habis utk rombongannya : (
unfortunately they dont :(
i never have time to "tweet" anymore, it makes me sad :(
why cant you come to england :(
i hate this!! ughh i want to go home! the persons house we are staying at has no cable and no internet!! :( someone just kill me!
opps sorry for the wrong message, it was paula's manager :(
it's bad :( well keep each other entertained ?
cool, but i have to go :(
:( very disappointed they aren't doing "that ball is outta here" anymore
aaaaahh i lost my l's :-( dammit!
sowwi :( i thought you said byee x
well then bye :(
just had this long talk about suicide.... :(
aww that sucks :( thanks i doubt it though haha! i've never met any wrestlers so i'm doubtful haha!
:( i know seriously, i see you commenting him ;) hehe
no :( how did you met him? after the show?
just took the wife to see why did i get married too.....all shows are sold out :( #sadsadsad my wife said i get pts for trying.... .thx alot
makes me feel stupid :( specialist. because you're special!
:( sorry your spaghetti didn't agree w/ you. that's so disappointing when it end ends up not being what you wanted.
#teamwoman always... unless the mom is using the kids 2 hurt the dad :( that's not right ladies!!!
aww missed u 222...i rough week :( but im good now
eu queria uma camisa poxa :( (@yeah_clothing live on
wow why is there soo many earthquakes!!! the world is coming to a end mami :(
104.3 is playin the jams!!! woooooo!!! wish dscmissclassy was here.. :(
seriouslyyy? :( hahahahhaa! #zodiacfacts leo least compatible with: pisces,capricorn
:( nooo u out der nd im in brooklyn :-( fml brotherrrrr where u at i'm in da rock
me no feel qood :( me tink i'm qettin sick
cause im going to bed soon, ima die if i dont :(
nice try. i still see you as a grown up 56 year old. :( hahaha.
ughhh i blackedd on him earlier :( hopee our sleepovaa still on
so did ya'll switch names or pics? i feel so left out sometimes! :(
spring is in the air! and thanks to this pollen count, so are chunks of my lungs. :(
:( sin mi? blockheads with my locas!!!!!
i'm free but i could not breathe coz i was losing oxygen :(
most people don't :(
i've seen entirely too many people use the counter for that :(
haha & i always fell asleep while on ebuddy! sorry :/ anyway, can't believe tmr is sunday. gonna miss you :(
i have to go now. its gone 3am over here :(
bwahahahaha; hmm oh well . . . i don't eat squirrel :-(
that is sad :(
yuck. i work 7 to 12:30am tonight :( somebody visit meeeee
i know u couldn't do itrt i was trying to ween myself off of twitter...to no avail! :(
i fucking hate you! ahahahahahahahahahaha! i couldn't close my window. :(
whats wrongg?? :(
sorry love :( me feels bads...today just so busy and we have last minute "issues" this evening
2stop smoking weed is so hard to do :-(
the vet is making it seem like angel won't last much longer...... :(
oh no! :( can't you just color him with a waterproof sharpie?!
i am such a geek it's not even funny :(
you only follow twitters that have something to do with u in ur name, its not fair im a massive #jasminator too :( <3
i love youu <3 i can't wait til julyyy. i wish i could go next week for your bday :(
ya sayang.. :( yaaaaa gabisa nonton *surprise! manggung dadakan sekarang, 3 april di ciwalk....
this gurl on youtube didnt pick me 4 my collab :( stupid collab!
how come you don't follow me :( jk u don't have to follow me if you don't want too ;d
<< just don't know how to change this without a change in the whole country's mindset :(
i miss you :( and i have some stories to tell you.
cepet sembuh ya! morning. i'm totally sick :(
