tried cooking olive oil & garlic and shrimp pasta last night. absolute fail :( #fb
the other white meat! what's for dinner?!?! :-(
ayee i cant stop cryiing, i feel odee siick :( i hate it !
nothing... plans got messed up when the bf broke up with me..... :(
i wanna see the last song!!!! if you live outside the us and haven't seen it yet :(
just worked a crazy long shift. extremely exhausted :(
please blast the boston phoenix hard for the terrible comments/article about artie. they are evil. :(
wow. you're such a liar. go away, and leave me be. :(
my aunties puppies were born last night!! three girls and a boy :) we have to wait 8 weeks before we can get them though :( naww soo excited
2stop smoking weed is so hard to do :-(
i was in leif garrett's fan club. i wrote & wrote, but... :(
but you can't sleep? that's silly. you should try. :(
i cnt fuckn find the app !!! :(
drink vit dear sister damn, i caught a cold :( please body, don't be sick, i need to have high (cont)
iya aku nntn kuq wk itu td malem pilm nyaa :( oke ty ollart ftv #sctv
yea just hope they'll be honest about my psp and give me back. :(
can't watch #spartacus because my aunt from canada, dad and mom are chatting in the living room. :(
you said you didn't want any :( now i feel like i've eaten enough for a whole week. no more food for me.
will do. i tried it's too dark! :(
will you be at comic con this year? i missed you last year :(
aw i want it!!! :(
wow its not cool how much bad ass billy gun looks like randy the ram. :(
no evil trees you're too young to suffer like that! :(
god this is horrible.. just near the end, really sad :( x
ah, how come? :( xo
tell him i love him!!! & that i wanna meet him :(
i think im gonna take out my weave guys! "/ go natural for a while :(
now i dont have a way to the movies!! i hella wanted to qo see why did i get married too!! :(
i should really clean out my emails more often :(
oh seriously? :( i hope everything gets better soon!
i actually own it. but all my books are still in storage in my mom's garage in tx! :-(
rise and shine but blog has yet to see the light :(
:(
me too <3 .. i feel hungover already without sleeping :(
hello atlanta from central nd where the rain has turned to sleet and now swow :( from pln --
saddest movie ever :( but so good. cause music and love is gonna bring you joy<3
lol 2funny just right! lol u so mean! :( lol
it's 5 am !!! finally i'm going to sleep after hours of working on a project :( so tired!!!! #goodnight
i miss you :-( hope everythings good! call me on saturday if you wanna go to the beach ^.^
devianart page was defaced by some fan or something, but made all icons into twilight images, yikes!!! oh, fell under 50 followers today :(
gahhh i wanna go out :( why is everyone busy
i wasnt invitied :(
loool i would look to grab one with u but i'm on bed :(
7-8 hours away :(
3am, and all is well....or is it? i'm awake and knackered, having once again, fallen victim to the wiley ways of the evil couch! :(
*gasp* but we're leaving right now!! :( baaaaabes, i love you. missing you. xoxoxoxoxo
why is it that the simplest thing puts me in a bad mood? :(
the first 25 "harmonies" to sign up to our newsletter receive samples! #perfectharmony already signed up :(
hahaha my mom put the pencil in my riqht hand but i kept putinq it in the left lolss...ppl make fun of me :( boo
heyy :(
why must and be so good at acting? i'm in tears, i loved sav & anya :(
arent u tired? :(
"don't let someone become your everything, because when they're gone you have nothing!"<-- #confession my biggest mistake :-(
instead of getting one more follower, i lost one :(
aaaaah q bello !! q te paso? :(
jajaja podre! i neeed a bug hug too :(
y arent u giving me any? :(
just watched the final episode of inuyasha... it was awesome <3 but i'm sad its over :(
dammit he's out now :(
looks like no repeat at all :(
