lunch time of today is lonely at the office :(
bitch shut up u can come hmmm no invite :-( club 27
and today, i must be less of myself in case i get mistaken for a...freak :( so no overly enthu 'hello!' and ' hey!?' and ' hi!!!!!!!!!'
they falcons are having serious winning problems :(
omg. whyyyy?? u were supposed to go with usss. the movie made me cryy while mich & jay ar was laughin at me. :(
haha when everything else fails, im ur last resource :( im every bodys last resource :((
i miss you more so no whatever. we haven't texted all day. i haven't sleep over in two weeks :(
offshore drilling, auto emissions and mountaintop mining--busy week, huh? / :(
exactly. keep it together. i wanted to go see him when he came london but my mum and dad said no :(
i so wana go paintballin but these suck azz ppl in new orleans dont even have a fckin field na aint dats a bytch :(
and you touched it bare handed? not very clever. :(
why wont you follow me :(
u guys don't me and to buy u stuff at somerset? :( we really would!
:) beeh , jarang etdah online twitter , jadinya gua dikacangin :(
awww :( hahaha !
iam so sad right now! :(
some things never change.... :(
thinks i'm starting to get a sore throat :(
who was driving got into an accident :( but we good! time to get drunk wit the fam!!!!
but its an empty void practically bar maybe keith. dead oekaki's are no fun at all : (
oooooh i heart ice cream cake! i ask for that every year....lol bummer on the diet fail though... :(
so it's friday night.......that's all i got.
damn... :-(
you know what you guys make me angry! thanks for answering my call! im gonna cry now :( :( (@mmitchelldaviss live at )
yea. i dont have any more jokes to pull on u. :(
jadi followers msh sedikit :) iyaa :( huhurt kenapa kok k delete,jd buat lagi :(
holy jebus, a video?! noooo i haven't! :(
hurts now :( also the top of my head where my hair parts burnt. the weather said today flurries next friday. wth eh
no lloris :( enseeerio u-u
okay im gonna remove it :(
it's kinda depressing that it's raining on christmas day though :( not like in the christmas stories.. but i'm surrounded by family!: )
that rules me out then, i'm only 4'10"... :( lol! xoxo ash
working :(
ask anythinggg pretty please :) i dont have very many :( haha ♥
so close yet so far :(
back to vegas tomorrow morning :(
well no , i've already met them 8029 times.. it's the show i wanna see :(
keeps making mistake after mistake... when will it end? cheer me up :( txt the cell. ask4 the #
i like tmo, but tml > tmo. i miss them too. :(
last night monte del estado, my blackberry felt into a rock and now the plastic screen is ruined :-( guess i'll need a replacement soon
silk very vanilla? i've never heard of those... i can't have nuts though i'm alleric :( they look sooo good though lol
yes! he's so tall, omg(: her little bro his so cute and when he cried it was so sad :(
why aren't you going to sushow? :(
without a doubt. of all the cancelled tv shows, i think i miss "the sarah connor chronicles the most :( #savesarah #tscc
i best be off to bed now its 2:52 :/ if im not on twitter tomorrow its because samara got me :( x
well, im bored :( and need more followers! is amazing!!! who agrees?? lol.
butuh temen curhat :(
but ur not following me :(
seriously..they must be delirious if they want to see another guitar smashed. :( idiot
regirock makes the creepiest noise ever. it's like a computer going crazy with a deep voice. it scares me. :(
thankyou for the #ff s everyone, am sorry i didnot get to do any! :(
yeah...i found out she was tweeting, and that i missed it :( i was like sooo sad :'( *sobs loudly* lol
bloody hell my life is upside down :(
poxa, só de sampa? :( q azar hahaha (@yeah_clothing live on
:( everyone logged off
a year ago today, we put down our dog :( :'( ... i miss you... <333333
me too :/ i wanna go on a datee :(
you guys are gonna miss my show! :( i'm playing tues at room 5. boo hiss
props to my mom for suggesting a drink cuz i sure need one after that.... :(
wishing i had to cuddle with tonight :(
my reply didn't get through :( wow! i wish i could get a chance to see such an immense nunumber of birds at one sight.
no, i dont! i knew you're thinking this... hahaha. he is just one of my best friends... and i missed him. end! :( lol.
gg tau yon , ya allah gue nangis yon , followers gue update gue yon ya allah :( sip sai, ko bisa sih (cont)
i wanna send you guys a message on facebook but its not letting me :( it is such a nice message too!!!
so sad about rock + republic those were like my absolute fav jeans besides hudson and current + elliot :(
its rather early! :(
wtf is the world comin to?? omfg im about to cry :(
i'd like to ask--are y'all ready for 2nd album?i can't even dream bout it :/ i'm still caught up in aon :( still makes me cry.
come over? i'm lonely and there isn't anything good on tv :(
i dont like that song. :(
if you miss 's tweets :(
will be buying spf 40 tmrw so burnt i'm mauve :( #damnyouscottishirishlineage
just as i was about to take photos of my dad's bday party i realized the camera battery's dead. and i left the charger in dc. :(
kindda lolol, and nope her nan's and cute dont have too much fun without me :( jokess hehe
he didnt score or get an assist tonight :( :(
waiting fr consul so oldddddd, don't say i will be a snake and craving like old time :(
how come? :( & i aint forget about that page.. lol
don't you have a generator??? we have power. : no power :(
i'm eating spaghetti with corn :( where's the meat....
kay..im trying to get over it..i can't!! that was just too sad!!..probably the only video that actually made me cry!! :(
you can buy it and then it won't leave the logo. but i dont know of anything else. sorry :(
i lost a lot of money,&time over that big lip predator look a-like monster ! what a waste of time!! :-(
my finger really really really hurts for some reason :(
a few more #ff i left off the kt version :( (sorry!)
my kneck :-(
we just went there!! nothing like a trip to walmart in this weather.. :( hopefully it will be beautiful tomorrow!
indeed! still tryin to figure it out :(
ipad is pre-ordered store opens up at 9 ima get there at 8 you think there will still be sum left 4 me :(
you said you were 5'10! that makes you 2-3 inches taller than me. :(
me not liking life in the fast lane, it's tiring i can't enjoy it :(
why wont you follow me :(
awwwww so sorry to hear that!!! :( and lol, my cat still runs away when the vaccum cleaner turns on. xd
miss you :(
aaw lol okay:')..to be honest i really dont know i just feel down :( xx
my mom is coughin like crazy im very worried shes been like this for weeks now :(
i'm starvvinggg!!! :) about to attempt the difficult feat of..!!!... eating. lol. :( :)
i'm tired, my sickness might be catching back up to me? :(
you and me both, sistah. i feel like passing out. :(
i'm sorry guys, press accidentally :(
haha oh. :( lol but im not a blonde... and ur not are u? lol :)
i wish i could go but i'm already seeing you twice during my vacation week so im not aloud :(
awww my movie parnter sux :( i wanted to see why did i get married 2 today but she got sku
i jus lost connection w/ :-( stupid #att
omg it will make britt feel soooo much better if i win :)) concert is right after she gets back from her grandmas funeral :(
:o :( i was talking to mysef again! lool
lol you can eat just no chicken or meat :( i'm sad/aww we fast all day in my family n i'm starving jesus
hungry and covered in evrybooze possible :(
noooo :( no more tweetin from yu!!
so i am not getting one? :(
yeah i sure have, like when you wanna watch a movie but the projector don't work. :(
i have a headache. jcnfjriehzb. :(
my arm just cracked.......sign of old age i think?? :( ha
i wish you could come too. :( summer's too far away, yo.
flat tires suck :( thank god for triple a
i'm looking at miley twitpics. i miss you miley. :(
in bed sick with a cold, it's either because gina & i haven't stopped running or getting soaked at the photoshoot yesterday :(
& this is where my male best friend would come in... if i had one. :(
trying to get rid of a massive headache. :(
can't sleep :( but fuck it, at least i don't have work tomorow!
glad you finally agree. i'm really sad about it. :(
i'm jealouss i'm not goin till sunday 2 see it :-(
headache. :(
i miss !!!! :(
oh no, so sorry to hear that!!! how awful :(
i am too! my fam is in cali! i'm spending easter sunday family-less this year :( ... chipotle better be open
that's expensive and someone else already called dibs! sorry :(
i'm havin a cozy night in. why was your day so blah? :(
freaky yoga! hahahaha kenapa semua shock ngeliat foto bbm gw jaman botak :(
i know :(
aye ano, but staying up till 5am and then sleeping till 5pm is not really conductive to revising or daytime shenanigans. :(
i want to go trick-or-treating! :(
