#chandraspanties. are gone :( welp tell me something new!
i miss you :( ( awww i miss u to c)
can't watch spartacus :( no cable at the new crib till tomorrow....bun n cheese n cool breeze me say
im probably going to lay on the sofa :( i feel like shit... still gotta finish with the #ffs
me either! i was so sad when he left :(
are you serious :( i might be meeting him when he comes to aus, but thats true the deserving fans dont get noticed :(
it was terrible here...constant freezes with a 20mb connection. boo. perhaps it was better not to see it tho. :(
i can only stay til 8 :( but i'll cone help set up & stuff i hope
shut upppp :(
i miss you. and i fucking love you. ddhdydydydngtf i hate this :( i've never liked somebody this much.
yess!! but i cant until like 9:30-10:00 :(
you get no love anymore :( lol 23 is better that 24 i'm just sayin though
:( so sad. i wish i could be laying in bed looking across the room at you and we could talk and play together.
:( im sorry mordann_lovesjb (@abigailseal live on
aww, they're imploding texas stadium soon. am i the only one who is sad? so many memories there. :( #gocowboys
i miss them so much :( :(
:( missing youu ! :( lol nah i been good :)
i am so sad that i'm not having art parties with you. :(
i am so sad that i'm not having art parties with you. :(
now i'm on the way to go to college.. i've class on saturday.. what a bored! :(
where did you put your book?i'll bet its in ur locker.mine's worse.its lost :(
i've got a massive headache all of a sudden :(
dis music industry is hard :( got nun but haters :( nothins goin well, everythings fallin :( family? fuck family.. no support from em.. :(
yesss :( i'm starting to regret it. lol
wow thanks for answering my call :( i'll see you at bamboozle :) ps watch youtube.com/neonflavor
eating papa murphy's and drinking an arizona. :) but i still have a migraine :(
i'm jealous of everyone seeing the last song. :(
nuffin just chillin everyones just leavin me to go bed :( lol
nvm, im not feelin to good :( but i'm still goin to enjoy the weather while it lasts!
now bk home since decided to get sick on me and cancel my babysitting time :( i told u to go out...sorry ma!
asikan mana sama yang pertama share? aaa i feel like a cave girl :( aku udah main cooking academy 2 kak eehehehh
first it has to be released...so far i dont see that happening. and i supported these guys in the beginning too :(
lol okaaaaay! im super boreddd! idk what can i do :(
i wanted 2 go out but didn't get a chance 2 go 2 barber. i'm not freshly cut. :( i still look good though! lmao! #vain
oh no! tom you gave me a bad habit! :(
i'm not happy twitter! :(
indeed. sorry bb :( *gives you brownies to make things semi better*
lolz i do , but he's 4 hrs away :(
ohhh!! dang my bad :( eeyaa :'( sowee
shut to ass up. i want my ol sg baqq :-(
yeah....damn, if it were sections 3-4 i'd grab them lol. and eff that $70 conv charge...i'd love to be in the pit! :(
heartbroken :-(
that ep is tied for saddest with the one where doctor donna noble ceases to be because they have to erase her memories. :(
so wanted to go to the laker game :( miicheal need to hurry up
awww!! nooooo. :(
shit,emang yang gue liat tuh ngga pernah sala :(
aww man! i dont have a facebook. :( now i dont get a virtual hug :(
unfollow :(
im congested :(
fuck all men are meanies :(
something just feels really off lately.. can't handle it by myself.. :(
sad day :( didnt get to hang with or even go to the mall :((
i know. :(
#zodiacfacts leos are born to be drama kings and queens. ** guilty as charged. :(
i don't want to stay home tonight. :(
i'm afraid i did my friend :(
long story :(
for some reason i feel so depressed i could cry :(
bethany & i went to go see 'the last song' but it was sold out. :(
:( it makes me wanna cry already.
has my earphonessss :( i'm lost without them!! need my paramore tunes :(
ew! :( i've never been to one, either....
itunes will not allow me to download a song :-(
come out :( scab money all day
i'm down in south east pa. :( its a no go...lol
i wish i had like an army of somethin! that would be pretty cool!! :) but i dont have enough followers~ :( oh well..feel the empty love:/
follow her,kasian twitter dia yg lama ke hack --> bantu promote saya dooong :(
thanks for the follow friday love...but the diss on the street corner downtown tonight when i yelled out your name :(
finally chatted with peter. hate singing him so upset. :( it makes me soooo mad. anyone who says he's ridiculous isn't cool!
finally got my chinese food and im not 2 happy about it :-(
is tired and sick :( #fb
awwwwww :( i'm sure they miss u too.... <<< yeah i'm just mad ima miss easter wit them
i thought you didn't want to see hottub, i guess you just didn't want to go with me :( lol
i know. :(
owwww my throat hurts i hate this :(
ohh that's good i didn't even know if u didn't tell me i would die :(
dear i understand your pain :( i find that copious amounts of alchohol and boy/girl toys help out with that!
dont suppose ur signing in ireland? :( photos look great! yay for claire in a similar cossie to the games :)
thanks you. maaf ya ga bisa dateng :( ok, gabisa ikut raker, semoga masih tetep lancar (cont)
walking down bathurst but sadly my leg and feet hurt lie hell. :(
and they stink!!! :(
going out to dinner with my dad and emily sucks now. :(
no :( i can't find a ticket that's worth paying for.
sick..no appetite. how sad :( me&cindy rented zombieland!(: stayin in tonight..
i want to watch show :( so not cheap.
there making me stay til like 1 or 2am and i have to be back in at 7am for a 14hr shift... gna fall over :(
oh man, how is beatrix now? is she feeling better? that's no fun having a sick kid. no fun for baby or parents. :(
#nomamar my ipod is about to die!!! :(
i wanna see the last song!!!! if you live outside the us and haven't seen it yet :(
me too, and i'm trying to socialize! :(
>.< so that means they will be rushing our concert... :( because they will fly as soon as it's over t.t poor suju...
omg i want to adopt the 7 year old :(
i know! they have red, white and black! :(
what can i do??? :(
:( it seems to be getting worse and worse
ah daritadi mobil dsetelin lagu" yg related to taiwan mulu. gw jadi kngen berat :(
i am wearing a hairspray helmet :(
just found some random little cuts on my leg...ouchhh :(
miss me while you were looking for yourself out there? cause i sure do :(
where u goin bro...iwanna role... :(
ahhh shit when's he coming out with something ? he's def missed :( up here at wild 101.1 with
msh ngantuk :(
#hoppindownthebieberbunnytrail aww forget it nobodys tweeting it :(
people are getting close, but i think the circuit functionality prevents stereo transmit so no set broadcasts for now... :(
it's so sad :( but it's a good sad.
fired up i don't have a movie date!!! any takers!??? the bestie done went with ha man and left me... :-(
damn, that's just a bit too early for me. :(
it says it's not accepting any more submissions :(
:( darn. i feel in some way responsible.
ughhhh i feel dirty now. i need a shower :(
ugh jamie olivers show would make me cry! :(
fine fag :( i'll take them back
lolsz well sorrrrrry :( i saw her at 106 twice the 2 times i went she was the special guest -___-
:(
nuffin almost home : ( missing my babii like crazii
i dunno what 2 expect from da new "clash of the titans", i keep reading mixed reviews. i read bout perseus' lack of long hair...so true! :(
i miss you :(
i really want to rap over a beat like this :(
oh damn!! you actually unfollowed me? wowwww, i'm hurt :(
i am not only mourning the loss of my poor vj, but i am working on an alumni project desperately needing attention. :(
:( but i loves you. and u stole my daddy sooooo yea lol
ugh... starting to not feel well :-(
i guess she wont follow me after all boo :(
having an impromptu girls night. they were determined to get outta bed :( i just wanna lay. so we hit the liquor store
saw some eagles tonight. check out the description on this one :(
now i know how dj jr. feels. poor thing. :(
if i didn't break my lungs i would surely be in your company this evening. and i are heartbroken to miss it :(
i want my dog back. :(
ready to have some dinner.. ugh my throat is so sore :(
back to distillation. there's no holiday mood in my brain. :(
i didn't see you earlier :-(
ohhh i tried the hot one and wasn't impressed. :(
cant answer me :(
lost a follower :(
tireeddd :( you?
annnd meeee :( off to fridays with .. i'm sooo hungry and in desperate need of a margarita!
all the #lilithfair artists i want to see so far aren't coming to alberta :(
i want a steak, buffalo wings and a sprite....idk if i can make that happen though before i see this movie :(
