damn this this pain is gettin wrose... i really hope its not my appendix... :( << haha suffer
:( sending get well vibes in your direction.
me too :( giving up on hope for one last blizzard.
niiiiiiiiiick! she's stalking me... ( i don't think he heard me :( )
fuck! just got a nuke but didn't get to use it! :(
how rude u must be in a bad mood :o i have not time for it smh. :(
bye :( i had such an amazing time with you haha we should do it again for sure and next time dont creep when we sleep kthanks
i am legend always makes me cryyyy :(
i miss december :( i miss 2009 :( i miss last summer ... <3
damn did not expect 78lounge to b packed like that .. no red devils .. so sad :( .. welp hope fridai.s gives mi a buzzzzzzz hehe
i need more followers :(
ugh boyfriend broke our date for work. gotta go out with the fam :(
i really really really miss i haven't gone this long without seein him since the blizzard sequel :(
wish i could make it! :( have fun though!
awww :( metro station as awesome! <3 and hmmmmmm something fun...................riding a helicopter (i want to)
no :-( but they did get a package from japan from people who visited in dec! :-)
i know! but i have a big ol' canon t1i that i left at school :(
i've been working doubles so i haven't been on here much : (
:( ya, same here. really considering not letting him back ever. it has been relaxing here with my kids :)
so lazy to go to work. :(
unfortunately i have no teal items to wear for workshop this saturday at for the cbt workshop. bad host :(
ur still on timeout!!!! meany :(
i wish someone from would return my email. :(
well i gotta be honest with u, im laggin! my eyes are gettin heavier as the mins go by :( but it has been a long day! xo
go away illness :(
lol nobodyy wantss him? :(
i've takin advil everyday this weeks thanks to #allergies. :-(
sorry for not returning#ff ive not been on all day except to check something a few times :( ill retun them now even though its not friday d:
i think imma change!, it doesn't look the same outside as it did earlier :-(
can't going to a fam jam tomorrrow. :(
::eyes to the heavens:: for shannon hoon :( great song, though :)
yea.. :(
init! :( x
i asked you bout bar school three times smh :(
i didn't get to fool anyone on april fools day :(
lucky you wish i was going now :( x
lol! you and me both mate! :(
yeah..i think it does have something to do with the window seat music video :(
aww.. yeah some people r just jealous :( how r u?
blindside is a sad movie. and it just started :(
me too :( i wanna go to the beach and get ice cream.
carmen burned me with her spit :(
i miss my a necklace :(
flight with batavia air..:) mom wait me.. :(
lmaooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!! u actually toooook the pisssssssssssssssssssss :( hahahaha
i didn't get to fool anyone on april fools day :(
#tedigo!!!! lol my status is #notanaprilfoolsjoke tho :(
just wana be with my baby :(
 justin bieber isnt a tt !!!!!! get it a tt belibers!! i kno ive been telling everyone this but no1 is listening to me :(
today is my bday ,,, life sucks sometimes right? getting older is not that fun :(
not to long till end of fanfic :(
k so i cant sleep and the baby is gonna wake me at bout 7 :( oh well just read article bout cheryl lol.
service was mediocre d+, burgers c+. unlikely i will visit again : ( sweet potato fries a. hit me up if u feel diffrnt counter burger.
it losses despite us economic thaw <-- still living that. :(
that f makes a hell of a difference :-(
rain is wet though :(
have to go, love ya guysss, hope no one dont unfollow me :(
lmao i can't find her on it :(
please tell them to go away. i'm on a strict timeline tomorrow! id rather not have to go home for a day, but i'm forced to :(
totally true like, there all amazing in there own ways and should totally get back together like right nao :( xx
just woke up and realized i fell asleep while john read from will grayson will grayson. i really wanted to hear that and i'm still tired. :(
: ( i miss my car surf rider!its gna feel soo good to drive again..
double booo i'm done :(
never relised how muched i missed jonas cause of work :( miss it all. im gunna download all the songs from the tv series
i hope you find it c!! i know the feeling : (
going thru cheesecake withdrawls.. ugly people (@epacity01) don't <3 me any more :( u hoe! go scub dah excursion :)
i've been waiting for eeeveeeeeeeeeeer!!!! when are you posting this videeeooo :(
best of the best :( surely they could have vented their o2 supply into space. that would have been better than dodgy photoshop
mannnn u know when me n u get sick it deathly... :(
i still have no internet, not till monday... :( & congrats on 2000! (: im proud of you.. ahah (: i love you arey! (: <3
why wouldnt i :(
lololll its soooo annoyinggg :( , it defeats the wholeee objective of twitter
to de mal ! :(
when does it's always sunny come back on? :(
i know! haha its cuz i broke my sky box :( stupid thing lol
and now i'm down to 0 facial piercings besides my gauges. i lost my lip one this morning. :(
poor is having some issues :(
i still can't believe i missed you guys in ny :-(
once aqain imissinq smh : (
cause i've got so much uni work to do over the holidays :( which sucks but has got to be done! how about you?? x
thing is hayley's version is good but not really original :(
i know what 4th position is. #failedballerina :(
and just this once, i'm not glad it's fri cuz it means vacation will be ending soon :(
apparently so. :(
awww. i remember when hubby and i lived in different places, only seeing each other on weekends. bummer :(
fml. because my sky hasnt been plugged in nothing recorded, daarnit! :-( what happened on eastenders anyone?:)
i pop pills and it have me a meeb ass com down i swear :(
my back hurtss :(
youre a superficial male chauvinistic boar :(
bye. ima miss you. :( :(
my toe is about to drop off :(
aaaahh no im gutteddd :( lol
sho nuff! rest in peace :(
-* ooo tht suxksz -_- wen u git out? *-rt whoo-hoo!!!! imma bouta qo to wrk :( outta work.yay!
#nowplaying atlantic starr-masterpiece...i miss this kind of rnb :-(
im not asking to be rich, i just wanna get away from this paycheck to paycheck life. i cant handle all of these unexpected expenses :(
so mad i gotta work tomorrow and sunday urghhh...lucky me :-(
yes i finally got my computer working but now the speakers don't work :(
tenta f5 :(
i need to find a job asap :(
this is a disturbingly accurate portrayal of today's shopping experience. many meandering shoppers amongst chaos. :(
which means i need abs of steel so i can compete! cuz i have no boobs :(
i'm not too fond of this weather. :(
i'm quite gutted my river island skirt ripped with only wearing it twice. :(
hmmm need to invest in a younger fitter *deafer* body! sleeping on the floor is rubbish particularly when all you can hear is snoring :(
clinicals are done. wish i could go out and celebrate the weekend! sadly i'm too responsible and have to study :(
can please bring me some ice cream? i dont wanna get up. :(
so no ones gonna come visit me? really? :(
i'm rt'in but i can't download it till tomorrow night!!! lol :(
i miss alot :(
oh no :( what happened?
i sim'd the 2010 season in #mlb10 on my ps3, and the #cubs surprisingly ran away with the nlc. less so, they were ousted in the 1st round :(
feel bad for opening an easter egg before easter sunday. i'm sorry jesus :(
pls #pray 4 sweet hound bella. very sick girl! :( pls rt!
why this chick aint tweeting??? :( i miss her.
just missed my train gotta wait a whole hour until the next one comes :(
:( damn so you single :) lol
nope she did not :(
my head hurting.eye sword.im hungry.lonely..everything going bad :(
good thing you are reading it in the sun :) i tried to read it at night by myself. not good :( lol
its only 6:45am and i'm so amazed that i could wake up this early. i mean hell-o its a h0.0liday :(
internet is down :(
still here sleep needed pain not required but relentless :(
ok...no relays :( but has saved the day!
miss layin out with u! girl put ya sunscreen on, ya girl got burned in jamaica :( i'm so blaaick n crispy!!
sorry you have to go through that :(
i want to, but i know i have work in the morning :(
i can't fuckin find the mgazine anywhere :(
ewwww manitoba just scored 1-0 :(
so damn sunburnt and i am not happy about it :(
wish i had some :(
why no one is following !!! you made me sad :( but if you follow her, you'll make me happy :)
a friend in #indy is a powerplate certified trainer. great workout! wish i could afford it :-(
argh i miss him, feel like someting is missin :(
movie is sold out :-(
