goin to eat with my bro hmph... fasho ! :(
:( i'm sorry hon. if i were closer i'd come out with you.
wish i could but i'm going out with my homegirl. ill be in oakland too! :(
damned ! one of my old pioneer cdj 1000 is defect , i go buy now a new pioneer cdj 900 or cdj 2000 :-d :-d in memory of my cdj 1000 :( :( :(
do i ever. :-( i'm one of the liberal black sheeps in a relatively conservative family.
back on my shxt , off 8 :(
the point of it all..i missssss yoooooouuuuu muuuccchhhh,ling ling uling.. :(
feel better shou shou :-(
u & went to shoppin without me & u didn't get me nothin :(
not as young as you think. :( at least its just random hairs and not all gray.
you cant do that to me seriously :(
i miss my jhs, semuanya lebih baik drpd di sma :(
ow: my hands.. :(
i spent all day in my apt. i think i have cabin fever but now too lazy to head down to do anything. :(
lolz shut up sooo cayuteee :) lmao on my way home now... juss dropped my other half home : (
it's 3am. ; / i'm sleepy and i have to get up early tomorrow but i wanna watch : (
n u aint try me b4 i got cuffed i'm sad :( lol lmao well now u noe
no :( i feel like i should be forgiven! i have ppologised profusely for something neither me or colin remember! haha.
damn, i only got to watch about 15 min of keith and forgot that is lame on friday.....& he won't re-play. very unhappy :(
attempting to start my script. this may be another night of staring at a blank page. :(
yeah. thanks, arnie. :(
:'( dont worry im treatin her right lol #ff my lovely wife who i miss dearly :(
i got a cold!!!! :(
yeah except i have to stay & u get to leave. :( mooyah is a burger place on bay area!! yummy!!!
at northpark. let's see what these movies lookin like. tinsletown let us down. :(
*:)smile
:( i wanna go hmph
few days. :(
dtg cil, ntar yg make up in gw syp :(
guess watching the game isn't happening tonight. :(
ikaaa..miss you!! where have you been? menghilang dr twitter :( hehe
im fuccin sick :( my homegurl mom passd...i been in yo hood!! u frm tha town rite?
lol i can't... i'm celibate for now :(
wear your wellies tomorrow looks like rain for the eggstravaganzoo at the zoo :(
i almost feel like that moment in semipro when their eyeliner is running.. this mascara is totally irritating the hell out my eyes. :(
i want a nissan coupe z and return ticket jogja-plmbg :( daddy, i want more credit cards, a mac and a ferrari for my birthday!
no more batwoman? :(
ugh i gotta go to work in 12 hours :(
yes ve one of the most horrible cust service,hd many past exp. :(
:( :( no more sav and anya?
sorry i didnt recieve it :(
garrett anderson was my favorite angel to watch and now he's a dodger :(
my all-time favorite youtube video! my 3oh!3 music video was deleted a year ago from today :(
i didn even get to relax on my day off! :( first day off in two weeks!
my nosee ring came out, i'm so sad. it hurtss to put it back in :(
i hate waiting on people and welp i've been waiting for an hour :(
my butt is sad and my chair is uncomfortable :(
awwh why :(
yeh i wish i could get it :(
congrats!!! my time off was denied :(
will do too! que se mejore :(
hahahahhahaha i wanna rock too :( but.. with too rofl x]
i think its that i'm sick and i cnt think straight with this head ache too. :(
#jonasbrothers should be trending :(
my super coward cousins. :(
so... nothing new today. bummer. :( wow today sucked. xp
boys will neva understand :-( -- lol rii tiff
shoulda minded my business, now my ears hurt. :-( (halo)
i cant see twitpics on my phone :(
i'm so sorry waf. i don't mean that :(
brad is working : ( with the sweetest guy ever :-)
because they boo don't hit them back bbm :(
mine :(
please follow!!! ive asked a lot and you still havent! :( please follow!
attempted calling twice now. :( she isn't picking up. this saddens me.
anya and sav broke up :( anyhoo madd fun day. :) text<3
ohmagawwdddddddd da last sung izz soooo sadddd :( ps. liam hemsworth izz sexii
aaaaaaaaarrrggghhh can't sleep! up for work in 4 hours :(
where are you :(
i miss you so much already :( it feels weird not having you guys around..."another reason to move to california" lol
if you miss :(
i have to go now sorry :(
dosen gd syg,,cm absen n kmpulin tgass :( looon,td kelas ngapain aja???
:( sarcasm does not translate well into the interwebs... *hides in dark corner in shame*
haha . . ikut beli nyok..d pln ato tunas ?? apalagi sayaa :( saya juga ardh3anto :waks: jd
"so ref do you even know what "check from behind" means? look it up." i guess he didn't. thankssss a lot referee. 2-2 :(
i would love to go but i work until 130am :(
di bandung dil, kuliah disini :( , anaknya baik banget! kemaren aja nemenin seharian sampe sakit
heyyyyyy noooo ya te hice :(
...tummy ache :(
i wasn't invited :(
this is obvious, she would prefer to love stefan, because he never kissed all the prostitutes in the city... poor damon :(
word.... i guess jus drink mine den :( n da food not even done yet
aaw i think this part is so sad. :( especially the way they animate it, it looks so dramaaatiiic.
#kudapitbull 20 mei hari kebangkitan. please om, i need this! kalo gk nnton pitbull saya nyesel seumur hidup :(
i need to return to a spanish speaking country i miss speaking spanish regularly :(
i miss you and the poohs already! :(
:( i will pray as well.. sending all my love
cool. yeah take lots of pics cuz i wanna see what i'll b missing :(
i didn't go last year cause i was in ja :( ... i went the year before
i seriously wish i could be with my nephews for easter. they're the most fun ever! :(
i will miss my fiend :( i love you nikki!
yikes i ate chicken forgive me lord :(
ive had 3 mcdoubles today :(
dry timeline.. :(
i don't feel good :( i hate this. gonna take a bath and then try to watch some tv. hope i don't puke.
please followers if you follow me please don't unfollow me k? because that is so sad :( (: still happy though i mean if you're following me.
awww, babe. i wish tht u would hve said something b4 i left cleve :( ur not stranded are you?
-_- ... im so fucking bored and lonely :( ... lol
i miss you :(
another stalker ohhh man : (
earlier there was a guy who looked a lot like and i was really hoping it was you. unfortunately..it wasn't. :(
probably nowhere now... :(
so dissapointed about degrassi right now!! :(
i miss everyday of my life :(
easter on the oncology floor : (
will you really not be walking in the vs show this december? you brought so much style and elegance to the shows :(
i really can't believe ur leaving :'( ------>>> me 2 :-(
my back is killing me, i'm tired as a zombie and still no sign of the easterbunny! i'm going to bed! :-(
on the phone w/ nd shes not even saying anything but shes calling other ppl baby nd shit :( hmpf!
hilarious considering what they allow to be added to food that will kill you in the long run :(
now that i've slept all day thanks to my allergy meds (thankfully i feel loads better so i can't complain), time to get back on hw :(
i'm trying to send you an invitation but you're not following me. :(
whatcha doin' in uptown? if i didn't open i'd say we should hang. we never hang :(
the sky (; lol jk. nada. say the last song. cried :( lmao hbu??
i miss my brothers. all of them. is abducting one all the time, and florida has the other. i miss being punched. :(
low int and cha :(
pliss reportate ya van 2 dias sin ti :(
kyany ngga deh.. gtw nih,kk.. tba2 bnyk yg ak unfollow, pdhl ak gda unfollow.. :( follow dong,kk..
this is what a dick i am: i just walked out a door + kristina was behind me + i forgot she was alive + i slammed the door behind me. :(
i wanna see the last song!!!! if you live outside the us and haven't seen it yet :(
aww im sorry that stinks :( my grandma doesnt mind that i like jb she says that theyre good looking boys haha ;)
unfollowed me :( xx
i miss you too, girl! :( reunion at mj's!
i miss chicago. :(
leave me alone :( d: ._. >o>
bummer. :( i don't go to fast food places really anymore except long trips, but because of that stuff i check everything now.
just a fast food restaurant :(
...let me have my little victories :(
me to! might have to miss back rub :(
toothache :(
wish i was driving to indy right now. :( #kstate
lol one day! hopefully. :(
i know right... awe :(
broken candy canes :(
i don't want to be rude, but that sounded pretty mean. :(
