i want more followers :(
chat fb lewat bb pake apa sih? pgn sm meizar :(
i see i was trying to ween myself off of twitter...to no avail! :(
not going to lie, i'm pretty sad i just had to say bye to pat center people :(
i got company in my crib. so ima be home :(
#randomthought i still get carded for rated r movies , fuck this bby face :(
:( *dougies away*
:( it's ok but ur hurting yourself
awe :(
im really tired :( dont feel so good too :(
yeah, way too many 'baggers down here. and in my family. :-(
awwwwwww sav broke up with anya :(
aww shit. :( that's crappy hun. i'm so sorry!
27 checks to sign. my fingers are shaking...and that number is just an estimate. :(
stuck at home :( missing my little man.
what are you talking abt? you're not even home haha where are you? im hungry :(
what? when was it on? i didnt see it listed on my cable :(
well, i'd be going from edgemont in the nw to that part of the sw which isn't at all direct :(
ogosh! i hate this job sometimes :(
like deadass haha but the thing is is anya out of all people! they broke up :(
i feel deprived of spanish music :-( i'm finding some where to go & do exactly that
my first customer, aunty2 casino. she said she just got from milan, and she bought pelada (prada) bag, aww.. pity. :(
naw ! itxtd you buut you nvr txt me bacc :(
that one's a limited edition and they almost never have it :( it's my favorite. they don't have it right now though :(
lmfao no doubttt .. buhh imma stopp soon [ well hopefullyy "kuss ihts kindaa addictingg :-( lolss.
no. he said damn told me to have a nice night and drove away. :(
weekend harus buat tugas momieeeehhh :( #deritamahasiswa
ughh jus waking up, still tired, body still recovering from tha nite b4, guess i wnt b sippin tonite :(
one of the best weeks of my entire life is over!!! :( i had such an amazing week with my booboo! i am so in love with you
really sick :( throat kills like crazzzy!!! d; whosthecutest.com
headache :(
whens your live chat gonna start? i don't wanna miss it :(
poteee se me apago el cel :(
sigh. :(
i can't find anyoneeeee. :(
back hurts :( someone hit me up.
aaaaaaahh jangaaan :( can i survive in this relationship?i think no :(
lmfao really tho!! im tryna enjoy my self as much as possibly b4 next week comes :(
activin dong :-(
ugh no one understands :( half of me is in a whole diffrent city right now. he just took it.. well i left it there really
me too & i really really miss you girls :(
oh! haha. too bad we live in the middle of nowhere opposite sides of wichita. :( fol.
i want a #skype or #aim friend a cool one of course. no ones going to reply to this.... :(
booo this sucks mucho dick like serioussss! :(
i hate it when my phone rings_ ugh! me too! :(
i wanna kno it all :(
stop twittering about it!. im jealous!.!. :-(
so someone i love so much gave me ela on bbm and shes still tweeting..hmm..my bad for caring :(
pliss reportate ya van 2 dias sin ti :(
forget them hun there just haters ignore them...boyfriend troubles grr lol i'm just tired to and can't get to sleep :( xx
im sorry. :( we only have it on days we have class.
yayyyyy! :) now, how many tae's, taye's, tay's, te's you know? everyone is a fucking tae! :(
now even mote jealous : ( haha. we need to work out together. what gum do you belong to?
i know :( lol i was by long island in the summer i think
#np jayz + r.kelly best of both worlds even though that whole thing crashed/burned miserably... :(
well i've lost 2! :( i have 906
i know. :(
i have never cried so much in a movie geez i'm a baby :(
im looking carrie the movie...the shower scene started out great...girl has a great bod...then it got all menstraully...girls r mean :-(
i wish my heel was. this really sucks. :(
been fiending for micky d's since yesterday :(
so uhhh, i quit drinking & now there is nothing to do in this city. all of my "friends" are alcoholics... :-( sadface
:-( that sucks.
ohh now they all have "pink eye" :(
just pay it without her knowing!! you'll be good omgggggg i got a ticket. i'm scared to tell my mama :(
