darnit!!!!! need me another mac book :(
ugh i miss my new boo :(
not feeling sr.ball anymore :(
ok no more patterson house. :( but i am wearing my pre-pregnancy jeans tonight!!!! #canthardlybreathe #muffintop
una mesita frente al mar, una botella de vino tinto and a really long night counting stars. oh i miss you :(
missing u already :( can't stop thinking of mother monsters awesomeness
i know someone else headed right down that road :(
but your right, some people never learn from past mistakes...
my teeth already hurt :(
aboo cooks a fried chow fun 4 me...i ate and now sleepy..hehehe....errghh...what should i do 2 lose my weight? i can't get off carbs :(
who is she? i'm confused... :(
how are the c's? i just realized they play today... whoops :(
making a trip 2 charolette nc is weighing heavy on my heart :-(
pay it forward is so sad :(
aw :( *hugs* i hate getting lost
i'm not anyones biggest fan ... :( what a boring life i lead.
let your head go es buenísima! a mi me encanta. this groove no la he escuchado :(
dear sleep-god, i've a thirty minute briefing and nine hours with hellish customers in the morning, please let me catch some snooze now :(
iwas suppose to chill wit y'all today :-(
your link didn't work for me. :(
:( feel better!! parenting is not for sissies i'm just sayin'......
i hear that :(
miss my family....miss my habichuelas con dulce :(
your question was great! not enough time. :(
its legit.i would play in the munford rec league but it conflicts with rugby! :(
forgot to bring lunch with me again! weekend work sucks! :(
holy shit! stood on the scale and what do i see. 133, this is not my ideal wieght. looks like me and nothing but cardio today :(
grey's ayer made me cry like a baby. pobre viejiiitoo :(
jejejeej miiss yaaa!! :( .. k haraann el weekeend?? :(
i miss dexter and true blood :( when are they coming back??
gak ada lagi yang nyariin gue kalo gue ilang,ngatain gue repot,bangunin gue buat solat,bilang love you kalo mau tidur :(
thats good! :-) hahaha i'm a bit tired nd really hungry :-(
hanging with momma, my fav cuz 2morrow!!!>>>where yall going??? i wanna go : (
if your upset that doesnt tweet his fans as much as he used to :(
dammit!my ipod head set just broke :-(
cause i'm sick :(
omg turn dwn the heating in da carrrrr :(
i have resorted to plucking, with tweezers... :(
idaho and montana wolf hunts end states plan to kill even more wolves next season // :(
#zodiacfact #scorpio least compatible with: #aquarius :( <3 not giving uppppp!
i know i am but the last time i went to walmart i didn't have the money :( i'll get it soon
::snugs:: i'm crying in my earl grey again. :( ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥
aw it's only a small one though i can't have my big one till tomorrow lol, aw where did it go :(
lol i love how ryan replied to you.. sadly, if we went now.. there'd be no shiny button, belt or rockstar :(
awe you leaving me out :(
is n the doghouse, once again. im an asshole by nature, but i dont know trae. im just an asshole, and its not on purpose, i promise. :(
screw work 4 making me miss the awesome rp party :( there better b one 2mrw y'all! :)
can i borrow a pair of socks? my toes are fwozen :(
wow. encino lost to burkley! :( score: 51-57
really? :( shoe shopped next to sharon stone & ended up at same fundraiser in mtl with her-she's very cool.
regular plain vente coffee.... $3.45 <<< without a lap dance! wtf :( /via craziness!
i still cannot belive you are going to jouvert without me :(
well i am grounded anywayz so it wouldnt matter
ahhh, it's almost time to leave detroit :( boooo!
i know :(
oh snap, no way! i'm just tryin' to edumacate you. really. i'm sorry! :(
miss tweets from :(
i really wanna be with you :(
:( if you're black more than likely you know someone named black, slim, pookie, junior and shaneequa
they're ruining me :-(
i hope you're having an amazing time i'm sure you are....but i miss youuuuuuu :(
does anyone kno how to get hair dye of skin? my hands are jet black like my hair.. :(
damn you gaga! you're frickin' singing me to sleep! :(
in the n.o. #shoutout to ayyeeee!!! what u doin out there? i wanna go :(
damn apple battery :(
at home..!! need to go shopping nd get a new bathening suit for 2morrow! nd get money from my mom[at least 20] nd im gonna miss my baby! :(
oh ok :-/ mayb anutha time :-(
you don't sound too excited :( flight delayed, but heading home...
thats amazing. i wish i was there insted im stuck in a small town in ontario :(
if you have question just dm me easiest business ever usa only :(
come take care of me , pweez :(
i need a naop but #fuckit <== mee tooo :(
mines worse :( maybe babyoil wasn't a good ideaaa lmao i burned *bbm crying face*
wowww. i like legit hate myself right now :(
haha yeaaa . my mom shaved pj and he looks retarded :( lol
looking for a well trained masseuse i need a massage immediately! my neck and back is killing me :(
2day marks 3yrs dat dey took u frm us... cesar.. i luv u, miss u.. & think ofu everyday! rip cesar mendez... :(
it's not getting better :(
dang i think my distant lover is avoiding me.. lol. :(
awe, forgot about me..? ~sniffle~ :( you and your cjay.. i like dogs, well one named scooby dooby doo..!!!!!!!!!!!! yodawpdow..
feeling much better that shower was well needed....dinertime :-( they bought papa john again '____'
no never met him :( i would love to though x have you? x
i hope you feel better soon :(
sorry if i'm spamming in ur timeline :(
im hungryyy..i want mac n cheese but dunt feel like cooking it :(
hmm.. hurry up :( ive missed u
meh.. i'll just take the 1st shift. 1 hour and 30 minutes :(
i need new followers i feel unimportant :(
oh i feel like rubbish now after falling asleep on the setee since 10! :-(
wish would get on twitter.. : (
wants to stay and watch criminal minds marathon!!! :(
now i really wish i was in arizona now :( i was sad i missed the show on tuesday! :(
i frm australai. how abt u gal. cool, i wish i can watch #newmoon too.. still waitign 4 my dvd :-(
shooting a ceramics portfolio for in the wind and rain. poor camera. :(
thanks wind, you just fully raped my hair. :(
quiero hacer algo. :( what a boring day ... someone call mee
tequila shots before why did i get married too.... wishing were with me :-( (werd me tooooo! smfh)
am very good but kind of bored :( haha and u? :)
they just lost :-(
thanxz drkeyes16 and moni__baby i will go on...that worst part is that i have to live with my family for 2 more years :(
why the :( ?
doesn't feel like a weekend :(
we miss you too :(
just got finish chilling w/ mr.ups. now all alone again. want to go out tonight but don't have anyone to go with : (
listening to all time low and am all time lonely at the moment :(
of all the cancelled tv shows, i think i miss "terminator: the sarah connor chronicles" the most... :(
hic uykum yok geneee :(
awe yay i'm glad. well if i had your number i'd text you. but sadly i don't :(
i can't enter the gaga super fan contest because i live in canada.... worst day of my life in a long time... :(
when are you going to tweet me? :(
